 This is only for Julie Strain fans . It 's a collection of her photos -- about 80 pages worth with a nice section of paintings by Olivia.If you 're looking for heavy literary content , this is n't the place to find it -- there 's only about 2 pages with text and everything else is photos.Bottom line
 I do n't care much for Dr. Seuss but after reading Philip Nel 's book I changed my mind -- that 's a good testimonial to the power of Rel 's writing and thinking . Rel plays Dr. Seuss the ultimate compliment of treating him as a serious poet as well as one of the 20th century 's most interesting visual artists , and after reading his book I decided that a trip to the Mandeville Collections of the library at University of California in San Diego was in order , so I could visit some of the incredible Seuss/Geisel holdings they have there.There 's almost too much to take in , for , like William Butler Yeats , Seuss led a career that constantly shifted and metamoprhized itself to meet new historical and political cirsumstances , so he seems to have been both a leftist and a conservative at different junctures of his career , both in politics and in art . As Nel shows us , he was once a cartoonist for the fabled PM magazine and , like Andy Warhol , he served his time slaving in the ad business too . All was in the service of amusing and broadening the minds of US children . Nel does n't hesitate to administer a sound spanking to the Seuss industry that , since his death , has seen fit to license all kinds of awful products including the recent CAT IN THE HAT film with Mike Myers . Oh , what a cat-astrophe ! The book is great and I can especially recommend the work of the picture editor who has given us a bounty of good illustrations .
 If people become the books they read and if `` the child is father to the man , '' then Dr. Seuss -LRB- Theodor Seuss Geisel -RRB- is the most influential author , poet , and artist of modern times . For me , a daddy to a large family who learned to read with Dr. Seuss and who has memorized too many of the books via repeated readings to young children , Prof. Nel 's brilliant ` American Icon ' is a long awaited treat . At last a serious treatment of this remarkable genius that is both an engaging read and filled with remarkable insights ! I especially enjoyed -LRB- and learned more than I care to admit from -RRB- Prof. Nel 's discussions of the Disneyfication of Seuss - which Nel links to failings in American copyright law , `` the other sides of Dr. Seuss '' - all of which sides were new to me , and the political genesis of his secular morality in the WWII cartoon work he did at PM magazine . The chapters on Geisel 's poetry and artwork and the link Nel makes between Seuss and the historical avant guarde alone make this book a `` must buy '' for parents and serious readers , not to mention public libraries . Readers of Nel 's other books will find the same engaging writing style that makes the book a fun read while imparting a mountain of information and important ideas . This is simply the best and most comprehensive book yet written on the work of Seuss Geisel and what will certainly be the standard for many years to come . Thank you , Prof. Nel , wherever you are , from a reader who grew up with the good doctor and who is growing up with him again years later . Your book , written from your encyclopeadic knowledge of children 's literature and the media of this genre - from scanning verse to cubist painting ! - explains the power , limits , and popularity of the Seuss phenomenon .
 Theodore Seuss Geisel -LRB- 1904-1991 -RRB- , aka `` Dr. Seuss , '' was one of the most influential writers and artists of the 20th century.In 1959 , Rudolf Flesch wrote , `` A hundred years from now , children and their parents will still eagerly read the books of a fellow called Ted Geisel , popularly known as Dr. Seuss . `` Flesch was too conservative in his prediction . A century , and more , from today , Dr. Seuss will still be read when many authors on today 's bestseller lists will be forgotten.Published on the centenary of Geisel 's birth , Dr. Seuss
 Philip Nel - Dr. Seuss
 `` Dr. Seuss
 Theodor Seuss Giesel was best known as ` Dr. Seuss ' , one of the most influential and enduringly popular children 's authors of the 20th century . Giesel created not only his famous imaginative picturebooks , but a unique art and poetry , and even a place for himself in politics . Philip Nel argues that these added activities make Dr. Seuss one of the most influential people in America - certainly the most influential poet - and Dr. Seuss
 When I recieved this book as a gift for Christmas my first impression went along these line
 Trams -LRB- or any public transport -RRB- are not usually the best place to read and absorb scholarly texts . But this one has accompanied me on my daily commute , and I have been absorbed in it . It is well written and comprehensive , and tells the tale of a modern author , with plenty of `` Fancy that '' and `` Well , well '' moments . Highly recommended for stationary reading , too .
 As far as I am aware , this is the first book-length study of the work of Dr. Seuss , and Philip Nel has done an excellent job . If the word ` study ' makes you nervous , rest assured
 I just finished the book , `` Wonderful Worship in Smaller Churches , '' by David Ray , an outstanding resource for small church pastors , as is his other book , `` The Big Small Church Book . '' I will be rereading both regularly and referring to them often . I may have to reorder the `` Big Small Church Book '' as my copy is nearly worn out . If I had only two choices for resources for pastors of small churches , it would be these two.I hope the author considers focusing on Christian Education in another book . There is a section in the `` Big Small Church Book '' on Christian Education , but concentrating on one of the most important church functions individually makes a huge difference , as is proven by this new book . I tell all my colleagues that Rev. Ray 's books are worth every dollar and more .
 Many small churches feel like they can not have great worship because they lack the resources that larger churches take for granted.Ray 's list of `` thou shalts '' is worth the price of the book.The description of various `` personalities '' in the small church is both humorous , and so true.This book gives encouragement as well as practical advice .
 I just finished reading this amazing book and came away with an entirely different perspective on our smaller congregation . As a ministry leader it is easy to become depressed over what can not be accomplished , and how overworked everyone is in a small church ... but we often fail to see all that IS being accomplished and how extraordinary our smaller congregations are.There are many pluses outlined in this book about what works about being smaller , and in this day of mega churches the reminder is a good one . There are some very good tips about altering worship for smaller congregations and valuing it 's unique size and working with it well.For the thousands of us who find ourselves in churches with membership of 100 or less , for those who are discouraged when worship attendence is 30 or 40 during the summer , this book is such an uplifting perspective you ca n't help but be energized!Unlike many tomes of this nature , this is an easy read and the layperson can gobble it up and immediately put it to use . David Ray 's writing style is accessible and does n't make assumptions about the knowledge of the reader , offering explanations where needed that were very helpful.Pick it up even if you are not a pastor , you will gain something from it , I guarantee it !
 I had n't been a small church pastor very long before I began to hear about David R. Ray . If you do any reading in this area , you 'll start to see other authors refer to him and a handful of others , especially Anthony Pappas and Carl Dudley -LRB- who are also excellent -RRB- . But Ray is different . Reading his work , I felt as if he had actually visited MY home church . He describes some of the personalities in a church family , and I could supply their names . He lists some of the `` Thou Shalts '' of a strong worship service , and I heard echoes of my most recent deacons ' meeting . He not only gets small church culture , he celebrates it , and he is eager to help small churches learn to get and to celebrate themselves . If you are part of a church where low-morale often coexists with feisty pride , this is a resource that will help . It offers some ways of identifying what church families with 50 or fewer need and hope for from their churches , and how to offer it in ways that are inclusive , warm , fun and authentic . Hallelujah !
 I have to admit , I am not one to write reviews on book . I do however like to read them . Some of the reviews are great , some are cruel , but the reviews on this book were absolutlely hysterical . I read this book and after watching the war of the words I could n't help , but to jump in . I am on the good side of the book . I loved how it kept my intersted . On the bad side I have to say , there was a typo featured on the back cover and the secret to liking this book is making it through the first chapter . I have to admit I was a little curious when I read some of the reviews . They were so mean and false that it spiked my curiosity . I then like the last review noticed that the `` Traveling librarian '' wrote a completely ignorant review on this book . My first thought was wait a minute , that was not the book that I read . I read my copy once again and realized her entire review was fabricated . Then I knew , it was some kind of game . Maybe it is someone who dislikes the author for personal reasons , that has posted more then one awful review , or maybe this is another who is jealous , Who knows ? All I know is that I liked the book , and future readers take the advice of the ignorant with a grain of salt .
 When I first read this the I was mezmerized at the style of writting . I soon became so hooked on this book that I wanted to fall on my knees and shut out the rest of the world . Haddon delivers a portrayal of a woman that is hurt loney and abused and I think she does a wonderful job making the reader feel like the character .
 I read the review directly under mine and I have to say I laughed . How can someone write a honest review on a book they read only three pages of ? That was funny but also sad that people are mean enough to keep others from an enjoyable read . I loved this book . I thought the first chapter was a little long , but I read the WHOLE book and I loved it . This book is about an afair of the heart and the right to be happy . It is a glimps into the lives of those who are forbiden to love each other . This is a heart warming story . This is a first book and it had a few flaws , but this writer will only get better and better as she goes forward . It was lovely and I am blessed that I read it .
 I really enjoyed the book . I believe the author did a good job at tackeling the subject of poor conduct in the church . I was reminded that we are all human , and even the mighty shall fall . Now I have to speak my mind regarding the poor reviews . I was shocked at the bahavior of `` adults '' What happened to respect for others . In my opinion I have to say those who wrote the mean reviews are nothing short of ignorent and without a doubt low class . Yes , there are minor errors in the book , but it did not change the greatness of the story for me . Who cares if a word on the back cover is missing an E ? Did anyone stop to think that this book whent through a publisher most likely after it left the hands of Mrs , Haddon ? I have to say , I am not one to leave reviews , but I just had too when I saw how this book was misrepresented . Not only was the author butchered , but those who liked the book as well were called illiterate . I agree with a fellow reviewer when I ask , how many of you have written a book ? Obviously not many because you all have way too much time on your hands . I liked the book , and remember that those of you in glass houses should not throw stones .
 This was not a typical romance read . It is deep , loving and full of suspense . This book touches on wemon 's issues and it caresses the heart . By the third chapter I was hooked . I did not think the first chapted was too long . It was great . I loved it and I recommend it to anyone who wants a great read .
 I loved Whisper of the wicked saints . The story was amazing and I was pleasantly surprised at the changes in the book . I am not normaly someone who is into romance novels , but the world was raving about this book and so I bought it . I loved it !! This is a brilliant story because it is so true . This book was so wonderful that I have told all of my friends to read it . It is not a typical romance , it is so much more . Not reading this book is a crime , becuase you are missing out on a heart warming story .
 I loved this book for a few reasons . The first was that I felt as if I was not reading the story , but I was part of the story . I loved the way it twisted and turned at every corner , I loved that I simply did not know what to expect . The choice of words was spectacular and just when I thought that I was in control of my own emotions , something would jump up and surprise me . I am anxiously waiting for the next book , this was one of the best romance suspense books that I have read in years . I highly recomend it . I give this one five stars !!!!!!!!
 I thought this book was brilliant . The plot was so good that it kept me guessing until the end . It worked its way into my heart and I ca n't help every now and then thinking about Maxwell , Heath and Julia . This is so great , I love this new writer and I ca n't wait for the next book . < hint , hint > A must read for anyone with a beating heart .
 I just finished reading Whisper of the Wicked saints . I fell in love with the caracters . I expected an average romance read , but instead I found one of my favorite books of all time . Just when I thought I could predict the outcome I was shocked ! The writting was so descriptive that my heart broke when Julia 's did and I felt as if I was there with them instead of just a distant reader . If you are a lover of romance novels then this is a must read . Do n't let the cover fool you this book is spectacular !
 This was a easy to read book that made me want to keep reading on and on , not easy to put down.It left me wanting to read the follow on , which I hope is coming soon . I used to read a lot but have gotten away from it . This book made me want to read again . Very enjoyable .
 I was a dissapointed to see errors on the back cover , but since I paid for the book I read it anyway . I have to say I love it . I could n't put it down . I read the whole book in two hours . I say buy it . I say read it . It is sad , but it gives an interesting point of view on church today . We spend too much time looking at the faults of others . I also enjoyed beloved.Sincerly , Jaylynn R
 I have to say that my friends at work all read this book and loved it . It was brought to our attention that there are negative reviews on this book that are false . For example the traveling librarian ? We had a discussion about this book at work and the review of the traveling librarian is completely false . I pulled out the book and realized that these are lies and that someone is trying to ruin this book . The book never states that a garden is ten miles long . On page 62 it clearly states that the garden is five acres . No heartbeat of a fetus was heard at a week . How could it be ? Julia was not even aware of the pregnancy at that time . The preacher never went to the house to give condolences , after reading the book once again it is obvious that he was there to fix the barn . So ... on and ect ... I also looked at the reviews < history > all but one of the bad reviews is writen by someone who has never reviewed a book on amazon before . Veronica Haddon if you are reading this you need to write a letter to Amazon . Someon is playing a prank on you !!
 I am an avid reader and I was shocked at how hooked I became on this book . I thought the first chapter was a little long and a little too discriptive , but truth be told after that I could not put this down . I read the other reviews on Whispers of the wicked saints before I wrote this and I saw one bad review that was written by someone who admitedly did not read this book . Do n't take the advice of the ignorant , this book is an absolute must for romance fans . I give it five stars !!
 This book was very discriptive and I actually found myself involved in the lives of the characters . If you ever get a chance to read this book , please do ! I have found that the beginning of the book was a little too discriptive , but push through . The best is yet to come . You will definately find yourself wanting more . There was some parts in the book that made me HOT !! Veronica had a way with describing the places and the characters . I could actually see this story as if it were an actual movie . I really loved this book . If you are a romantic at heart and you love a great outcome , you must read Whispers of the Wicked Saints . GREAT , GREAT story !!
 I happen to love romance novels , but only if they are goos romance . I am not one who loves everything , but this made my heart rejoice . I absolutlely could not put it down . Wow what a book !! You have to read this awesome story of forbiden love . I warn you now . It is steamy .
 This was a great book , I just could not put it down , and could not read it fast enough . Boy what a book the twist and turns in this just keeps you guessing and wanting to know what is going to happen next . This book makes you fall in love and can heat you up , it can also make you so angery . this book can make you go throu several of your emotions . This is a quick read romance . It is something that you will want to end your day off with if you read at night .
 This is a wonderful book that will keep you guessing . It is Rare to find a book that will make you laugh and cry at the same time and still leave you wondering what will happen next . What was even more amazing about it , is the fact that it is written in such a poetic way . This is a rare find and I look forward to the next book written by Veronica Haddon .
 Just as predicted the first chapter of the book was long . I continued reading and then fell in love with WOTWS . It is heart warming and realistic . I thought it was a little depressing , but I quickly realized the writers point . There is a rainbow at the end of each storm . I did notice the error on the cover , but it only made me love the writer more . This writer is talented and she is not corporate , nor does it appear that she has a staff working for her . Her book was writen from the heart and that is what makes an American literary legend . I would rather read a book with an error then to read hollow perfection any day of the week .
 I thought this book was brilliant , but yet realistic . It showed me that to error is human . I loved the fact that this writer showed the loving side of God and not the revengeful side of him . I loved how it twisted and turned and I could not put it down . I also loved The glass castle .
 Normally I 'm not much into romance stories but I absolutely loved this book . This book had the right kind of suspense that made it impossible to put down . Kept me wondering what would happen right up until the end . Loved it ! I am looking for anything else this author puts out .
 I really enjoyed this book , sure this author is just starting out , but I still really liked it . How many books have the reviewers that hated this book wrote and got published ? I read a lot , and I always have . I do n't usually like modern love stories , but I gave it a chance and found that I did n't want to put it down until I finished it . I look forward to reading her next book and no I 'm not a family member or a friend . Just give her book a chance and you might just find that it really is pretty good .
 I loved this little book , I thought the first chapter was a little long , but even though it was long I loved it . This writer is a 3D writer . Her words make you feel as if you are the character and I loved that . This is a first novel for Veronica , and I am forever a fan !!
 I can not talk this book up enough . It was well writen and a major page turner . It was a book about a pastor that falls for a member of his congregation . It will leave your heart full and your mind pondering question of infidelity and what is right and wrong and where God draws the line . It is a must read .
 from publisher : Addresses the interplay of diverse spiritual , religious , and cultural traditions across the Caribbean.Dealing with the ongoing interaction of rich and diverse cultural traditions from Cuba and Jamaica to Guyana and Surinam , Nation Dance addresses some of the major contemporary issues in the study of Caribbean religion and identity . The book 's three sections move from a focus on spirituality and healing , to theology in social and political context , and on to questions of identity and diaspora.The book begins with the voices of female practitioners and then offers a broad , interdisciplinary examination of Caribbean religion and culture . Afro-Caribbean religions , Hinduism , Judaism , Islam , and Christianity are all addressed , with specific reflections on Santer&iacute;a , Palo Monte , Vodou , Winti , Obeah , Kali Mai , Orisha work , Spiritual Baptist faith , Spiritualism , Rastafari , Confucianism , Congregationalism , Pentecostalism , Catholicism , and liberation theology . Some essays are based on fieldwork , archival research , and textual or linguistic analysis , while others are concerned with methodological or theoretical issues . Contributors include practitioners and scholars , some very established in the field , others with fresh , new approaches ; all of them come from the region or have done extensive fieldwork or research there . In these essays the poetic vitality of the practitioner 's voice meets the attentive commitment of the postcolonial scholar in a dance of `` nations '' across the waters .
 With the publication of Everett Ferguson 's book on ecclesiology , another milestone has been reached in the scholarly presentation of the distinctive theological perspective of Churches of Christ . The book is divided into six chapters , each roughly sixty to seventy pages in length . Within each chapter , Ferguson neatly and systematically outlines his thoughts and arguments . The first chapter , entitled `` The People and the Messiah
 Everett Ferguson approaches the subject of early christian development with quotes from their early documents in their own words . Ferguson gives us a peek into the minds of early Christians and puts it together in a form one can understand today . The only criticism is that he can get too technical and detailed at times . With patience his writing is able to be followed by a serious student of the subject of God 's church . I highly recommend this book for any serious student of the subject !
 This book is a continual resource . It is so biblical and so simple . Dr. Ferguson 's candid honesty is transparent to the bright shining light of Christ 's words for His glorious Church .
 This is a very useful and thorough text book . I would recommend it for anyone who wants an in depth study of the Lord 's church .
 This play was excellent . It 's very smart , intellectually and morally meaty , and fast . I highly recommend it . Especially good material to ponder for people who in today 's age can still think of the US or any country as being moral and right and good .
 This is a fast read filled with unexpected humour and profound insights into the art of politics and policy . In brief , it is sly , wry , and wise .
 This is an old play I saw on stage many years ago . It still brings a laugh at times . But also a reality check at other times . Truly a great play . Glad it 's still available .
 Tells the wonderful story of how St. Hyacinth and his fellow Dominicans planted the Holy Catholic Faith in Poland , Lithuania , Russia , and all over Northern Europe . Many were the remarkable events in this Saint 's life , including the raising of the dead ! For children ages 10 and up . 17 illustrations . 189pp . PB . Imprimatur .
 Who was Saint Hyacinth ? The story starts with a chance meeting in Rome where he witnesses -LRB- the future -RRB- Saint Dominic raising a man from death . From that point the book is one miracle and amazing encounter on Hyacinth 's journey across North Europe . He raised the dead , walks on water , fled the invading Tatars from a Cathedral carrying a 500 lb . Statue . All thoughout he dispenses his own brand of spiruatilty and humility . The book reads liks a combination of a self help book like the One minute Manager and the excitement of the Raiders of the Lost Arc . Kids will love this book to be read to them . They will never forget Saint Hyacinth . I know I never will .
 Steven Wardell 's book is a pure delight and I 've recommended itto friends of all ages . In Rising Sons and Daughters , we learn thatJapanese young people are preserving their country 's tradition of respect for their elders while also creating their own identity as Japan 's `` Generation X '' . Like our own young people , they are bombarded with some of the excesses of `` Western culture '' - Clothing fads , rock groups , a culture of shopping , etc. . What they seem to be developing , however , is a healthy hybrid of old and new that retains a firm foundation in good values . The Ando family members are wonderful , memorable people and Stevern Wardell writes poignantly about their lives and hopes of each of them .
 I thoroughly enjoyed Rising Sons and Daughters . I do n't know of any other book that looks at Japanese society from the point of view of its young people poised as they are between their parents ' age-old Japanese culture of restraint and obedience to the will of the community , and their peers ' adulation of Western culture . True to form , the `` New Young '' of Japan seem to be creating an `` international '' blend , as the Ando family demonstrates in this beautifully written book of vignettes of the private lives of members of this family . Steven Wardell is clearly a talented young author , adopted for some of his schooling into this family of four teens , and thus able to view family life in Japan from the inside out . A great read !
 Steven Wardell went to Japan without reading any of the hundreds of books about Japan . He went without any idea of how Japan would treat him . So what he writes seems to come to us without much editing by any pre-made belief . No filters are between us and the experiences he had day to day . All the details about school , family life and learning the language comes to us without any forethought.Compared to other books on Japan this is raw , unmolded , information and is full of insight that I doubt even Wardell realized was amazing for such a young writer . I would say that this is a must for anybody planning on going to Japan for ANY reason.Did find some humor in the fact that Wardell felt the need to explain everything , even what a corn dog was , and that when he met other exchange students one complained about how the Japanese , and I quote , Could n't even speak English good , end of quote . Could n't even speak English GOOD ? Neither can the exchange students it seems.All in all , you need to get it . Used , paperback , in hardcover , any version you can . Just get it .
 This is an excellent book . It offers the opinions of a diverse sample of real Muslim Women with very different attitudes . It will not appeal to those who do n't want to listen or who want an anti-islamic feminist political tract . The value of this is that you hear the opinions , educated and not , of the real people involved.Most of the time , the real voices are ignored and what is presented in the name of feminism is non-muslim american female TV personalities yacking endlessly on about the lives and experiences of people they really do n't know and do n't want to know.What must be understood above all else is that if you wish to change a society or a culture , you must at the very least understand how the people in that culture who disagree with you think . That is what this book does so well . I may not agree at all with the opinion of every woman in the book , but I at least understand how they think after finishing it.What many will never understand is that Islamic Society has changed and is still changing . But it can only change by consensus from within . No amount of cultural imperialism from western countries is going to change anything for the better.There is also more than a little hypocracy . For all the lectures about the veil from American Women , few of them stop to think about why they are themselves forced into certain choices . A veil is n't great , but its a whole lot more confortable than the pantyhose that many Western women must wear effectively as a condition of employment . One wonders at a certain point if its the veil itself they object to or that as constrasted to their money-driven appearance decisons , the veil has a meaning beyond the secular .
 Although written with script authors et al in mind , Dramatica for Screenwriters is the perfect companion book for Dramatica
 Sorry for any mistake I could do here , English is not my first language.While Dramatica is a powerful tool for building a story , it is complex and sometimes overwhelming . Armando Salda & ntilde ; a-Mora found a way to demystify Dramatica and give a lot of practical advices and principles for creating a story with Dramatica . `` Dramatica for Screenwriters '' is easy to understand , fun and thought-provoking . The only drawback is that this book is not useful if you do not know the Dramatica Theory or do not use Dramatica software . Now , if you 're a Dramatica user or if you plan to seriously evaluate the software , it is a must-have .
 Dramatica is a pain in the ass to learn . The main book is dense , repetitive , dilatory and slow . DRAMATICA FOR SCREENWRITERS is the opposite ! The writing flows easily . It 's directs you to the easiest possible paths for getting started . It encourages you to take action and walks you through it . It provides good theoretical guidance without getting bogged down.This is the book that should come with the software for everyone , not just screenwriters . It gives anyone who reads it the ability to jump into A STORY and get it done . Once you 've gotten A STORY done you can use Dramatica to alter it for it 's media -LRB- you may need the main book to get you there -RRB- . You can also get more stories done with it . Dramatica is not intuitive software . You need to use it from a number of angles to get the hang of it . DRAMATICA FOR SCREENWRITERS gets you there . The main Dramatica book does n't . READ THIS BOOK FIRST .
 I think the hardest thing for people coming to Dramatica the first time is understanding that the theory and software are not designed to write your story for you -LRB- or tell you what your story is about -RRB- , but rather to tell you , based on the way you answer all the hundreds of questions , what the best storyform or context is from which to tell your story in the way you want . -LSB- ... -RSB- I did the work to know the theory , but `` Dramatica for Screenwriters '' really helped me understand it . Even though I am a fiction writer and not a screenwriter , I found that most of this book applies to any kind of fictional world building . I highly recommend it.Don ' t buy the book thinking it 's going to take the place of doing the work of getting to know the theory . It assumes prior knowledge .
 Beauty is in the bones . This book gives your story good bones , and you end up knowing why . It is a clear explanation of how to do the structure of a story so the end product is a top model . You have to supply the writing , a big commitment , but you wo n't have the feeling when you 're done that something is incomplete or wrong - and all your work goes to something which misses the mark.We have all seen too many movies where the verdict is `` Interesting ! '' To a writer , this is deadly . It means that all the work of director and actors and film crew , editors and producers , went for naught because the starting place , the script , had the final flaws buried in its pages . Use this book and your story will have a coherence and an internal logic that will be solid and subtle - and when you put on it the forensic anthopologist 's ` layer of flesh , ' what will stare back at you will be a thing of beauty .
 A really good book to go with the software an excellent guide I highly recommend ...
 This is the way to get a handle on the incredibly complex yet useful theory of Dramatica and its program . At one time I almost went crazy trying to figure out how to use it with my writing and finally gave up , until I found this book . Armando is a genius .
 I am finding out that my 10 years old copy of Dramatica may be worth Something . I know about Armando from early adopters and listserve participants . I have poured over many times my dogeared notes of Instant dramatica before ... Then I got distracted but knew this book was coming ... That was 2005 ... but I am starting with this book now.I am at just part 3 of the book now and I am already feeling like a skilled storyteller.Thanks to Armando for sharing invaluable wealth of PRO information getting me back on the road ... And restoring my belief in usefulness of Dramatica ...
 It 's just awesome , even better than what you can read online about using dramatica of Armando . If you want to use Dramatica - and do n't want to get lost eventually - you really , really , really need this guide to get to some point you can call your plot really a plot . This book just makes you very , very happy . For it will boost your efforts to really WORK with dramatica . I only wish we had had that book ten years before . So I do highly recommend it . Even if you are n't a native speaker like me , having german as my mother tongue . I would never have made it with the DRAMATICA SOFTWARE if I have n't had this book . Believe me . It 's worth every Cent -LRB- I payed in Euro -RRB- . Though I tried very hard for roundabout 2 years I was coming to fail with Dramatica 4.0 . This book saved my ass . Let it save yours too . It 's making me happy . Thank you so much , Armando . Greetings from Germany , Cologne
 This is a good book if you like numbers puzzles.It contains different types of puzzles such asgrids , sequences , logic and many others.They can be difficult at times ; with a littlepatience , they can be solved .
 An essential book for researchers and engineers working on vector quantization . It provides a -LRB- nearly -RRB- exhaustive description of the available VQ methods , with analyses and discussions . The book concentrates on VQ , so do n't buy it if you 're not interested in that only . Most math tools explained . Could be a little bit outdated on some aspects - > things are moving fast in the field .
 Many useful concepts of digital compression can be found in this book . It is easy to read and understand , especially for students and engineers in EE .
 It seems somebody was complaining for the printing quality . This is not a calculus book . If you take most theoretical books , and certainly most Springer 's book , they do n't have nice full color Barney images . This is technical -LRB- mostly theoretical -RRB- stuff . There is , in my opinion , no problem with the printing at all , clear , quality monochromatic printing.With respect to the contents of the book , it has almost everything you may want to know about Vector -LRB- and even Scalar -RRB- quantization and Signal compression . It was a great help while I was writing my doctoral thesis . Gray is probably one of the most respected authorities in the field .
 It seems that authors have pictures unrelated to content of the text repeatedly printed . It does not cover major topics , such as . gif / graphic file compression . On the positive side it is well-written , organized , multiple equation in some chapters , descriptive in others . Very little mathematical proof .
 Exotic tales of the Orient from the 1930 's . `` Dr Shen Fu '' , a Weird Tales magazine reprint , is about the elixir of life that grants immortality at a price . If you 're tired of modern authors who all sound alike , this is the antidote for you . Owen 's palette is loaded with splashes of Chinese and Japanese colours . Marvelous .
 A great New Zealand book writen in the true Barry Crump way
 My advisor never asked any of the right questions or gave me the kind of information that would have helped me with my plan to study law . While looking for books on the LSAT I found this book and it really helped . It told me everything that the best advisor would have told me . It really helped me evaluate how I felt about law school and how to properly prepare myself . The last time I went back to my advisor he was shocked at how much I knew . I feel really good about my applications and think I have a really good chance of getting a `` big envelope '' .
 This book answered all my questions about getting into law school in a plain and straightforward way . It was easy to read , and clear in its explanations . It even answered many questions I had n't even thought to ask . The stories that are included in its `` Tales From the Trenches '' are really interesting , sometimes funny , and really help you to know how to avoid mistakes you might otherwise make . It 's much more help than any other source I have found . The only thing it does n't do is have a full LSAT prep course , but it does give you examples of the questions , and tells you how you can structure your own preparation program . Buying this book actually saved me money by helping me choose only to the right law schools for me , and by giving me a way to evaluate LSAT courses . -LRB- It turns out that a lot of expensive courses are not as good as you might think ! -RRB- The appendix alone is worth the cost of the book . It has information on all the law schools sorted by the `` 15 Essential Factors '' for picking law schools as they are outlined in the book . It makes it easier to sort through all the schools to find the right ones to apply to . This book really gave me confidence that I will get into law school . I ca n't wait to get my `` big envelopes '' !
 What can I say ? It works . This helped me when applying to law schools . A great guide to utilize . Cutting a great score on the LSAT is just part of the equation to get into law school .
 Boy am I lucky to have found The Ultimate Guide to Law School Admission . I picked it up because a friend recommended it to me as being the best book for the law school application process , and was she right ! When I got the book I skipped right to the chapters on the admission process and found the whole thing very informative and encouraging . It let me know that even though I 'm not the best student , there are plenty of schools that I would definitly get in to , and it told me how to make my application the best it could possibly be . I am sure that I would have gotten into at least a couple of the schools I had picked to apply to . However , lucky for me , before I sent in my applications I decided to read the book again . This time I started with the first chapter `` Should I go to law school . '' Guess what ? Being a lawyer is n't what I thought it was ! I mean , this book told me things about what lawyers personal lives are like , and what their average work day is like ... stuff that I had never gotten anywhere else ! This chapter convinced me that I would not be happy being a lawyer ! Not only did this chapter save me from the expensive application fees ... it saved me from spending the next three years wasting my time , and tuition money , pursuing a degree that would have put me in a job that apparently is n't right for me at all ! Thank you Mrs. Wright , you saved me $ 100,000.00 ! I definitly recommend that EVERYONE read this chapter first ! Do n't go to law school without it !!!
 Using a quiet , restrained writing style that is a pure pleasure to read , Gurstein chronicles the one-sided battle between the party of exposure and the party of reticence . She is on the side of reticence and writes with the pained nostalgia of a Southerner describing aspects of the War Between the States . Guerstein knows that reticence is a lost cause ; she asks only whether it should be.Gurstein makes a quiet case for the reintroduction of taste , judgement , and sensibility into our public lives . This is a common theme these days . What is uncommon is that she derives her `` argument '' -LRB- always presented with the greatest of civility -RRB- from the distortion of privacy that somehow led from Brandeis 's great legal work on privacy to the transformation of social man to private men and women and eventually to the public dissemination of all sorts of private matters . This is innovative and intriguing.Reticence should emerge from the coordinated behavior of civilized persons ; it should not be coerced by legislation and litigation . It is thus especially appropriate that Gurstein never hectors or lectures . Instead , she paints such a delightful alternative portrait of life , far from morning talk radio , nightly real tv , and ever-present commercial messages in nearly all media , that she inspires the reader to aspire toward at least some aspects of reticence.I felt that Gurstein did not define reticence early enough and failed to take advantage of the opportunities to add more detail as the book progressed . I assume that the party of reticence acquired useful knowledge over time , such as after its -LRB- happily -RRB- failed efforts to prosecute the publisher of Joyce 's Ulysses . But these reservations are minor.My most serious concern is whether the domestic party of reticence has foreign -LRB- and sometimes not-so-foreign -RRB- counterparts in governments that have successfully enforced taste through stern rule of law . I would have appreciated a treatment of these cultural -LRB- or anti-cultural -RRB- forces . Althoug ! h very difficult , such an effort would have greatly sharpened my understanding of the tenets of the party of reticence and its role in our society . Gurstein surely knows that the mere existence of such potential counterparts to her domestic party of reticence may chill further inquiry ; after all , she records numerous instances in which the party of exposure has dangled straw men for talismanic protection from true debate . It would be very useful if Gurstein , accounting for the human rights of those oppressed by governmental regimes , could make a better case for the human rights of those increasingly oppressed by the party of exposure , whose methodology of oppression is vastly different . The incremental personal losses to the party of exposure do not lend themselves to the same degree of drama , but possibly , over a sufficiently long period of time , they can present , cumulatively , a meaningful loss of freedom.Henry James wrote that the words , `` summer afternoon '' were the most pleasant in the English language . Take a summer afternoon -LRB- or two -RRB- to read this euphonious essay for a refreshing breather from the cacophony of Howard Stern , Don Imus , and their local knock-offs ; follow-up news stories on Viagra ; Judge Judy ; infomercials ; network news ; and the culture of money , sex , power , and fame hustled by the print and electronic media .
 Wondering what the hell has happened to the moral aspect of modern American culture ? This book is a lucid , well argued explanation of the simple fact that we have become so totally focused on our individual RIGHTS that we have completely ignored , and even mocked , our personal and public responsibilities . The final response and indictment of Robert Ringer 's best seller , LOOKING OUT FOR # 1 . This is a great time for anyone who is disgusted with the boorish state of American media , politics and discourse in general , to clear their heads for the substantial challenges that lie before us not only as Americans , but as human beings . A great book
 Books by Dr Kenneth Cooper have been a tremendous source of guidance for me for over 30 years.When I first started being affected by the stress side effects of working too hard and too long in the 70 's I started exercising . At the time jogging/running was becoming quite popular , so I took that up . I like to read so I read the Jim Fixx book on running which led me to Dr Cooper 's book `` Aerobics '' -LRB- a term he coined -RRB- , then to `` Aerobics Program for total Well Being ... '' , which became sort of a bible for a long time . After retirement I quit smoking and started going to a doctor . Found to be out of shape - again - I looked up Dr Cooper and saw his book `` Start Strong , Finish Strong '' which I absorbed like a sponge dropped in a bucket of water . Joined a gym and started the prescription of 55 % aerobics , 45 % strength and have never felt better . Now I 've got one doctor trying to tie me down to hypertension drugs . That diagnosis was contrary to my own readings , so I 'm in the middle of a complete cardio workup . -LRB- The initial stress test results were great , waiting for the in depth analysis . -RRB- When I saw this book it was a got ta have.In this book Dr. Cooper very thoughtfully presents all factors in a very helpful manner with a goal of controlling blood pressure without medications , but points out factors that could make them necessary . After my first reading I feel like I can more intelligently discuss the stress test results with my cardiologist , then better deal with my general physician.I would hardily , strongly recommend this book for any person who has had a too high blood pressure reading .
 Ruth Allman has written an excellent book about Alaskan sourdough history and provided very tasty receipes . As a resident of Kodiak , Alaska I have been lucky enough to get some of Ruth Allmans sourdough starter . I have tried her receipes and all I can say is , wow ! San Francisco look out . You get a real sense of the struggle of the pioneers with this book , and the way she describs the receipes , you can just imagine spreading the butter and jam on the bread . My favorite receipe is the hot griddle cakes with fresh strawberries . As Ruth says , the art of mixing the batter with air , and the timing of slopping it on the grill is a skill learned over time . The Baked Alaska with sourdough waffles -LRB- which by the way is how it was actually first made -RRB- is a dessert from heaven . This is a book that every sourdough making Alaskan owns .
 I have been using this book since 1988 , the eighth printing , and I can honestly say it is the best sourdough cookbook I have seen . The recipe 's are easy to follow and the history lessons are entertaining as well . Ms. Allman has written a really fun book and I do mean written . The entire book is hand written ! Truly an Alaskan cookbook .
 My poor dogeared , stained copy of this book came to me by way of my dad and brother after their trip to Alaska in 1989 . Dad acquired some starter in about 1959 that its guardian said had been going since the days of the 49ers . I know it 's been bubbling since then . All Dad made , though , were bread and rubbery pancakes . He , unfortunately , did n't buy a copy for himself , although I 'd give anything to have him make another meal of them ! You see , that 's the magic of sourdough , the romance , the stories , the memories ! I 've not yet been to Alaska , but Ruth Allman has taken me from Cheechako to Sourdough by generously sharing her recipes and her stories with me . I read this book just for the enjoyment of it sometimes . We had her waffles this morning . I made her Flower Rolls recipe into Danish rolls for my famously fussy father-in-law . What better tribute could I make to this cook and her book than to say that he loved them ! My two year old son and I will make a little fire in the woods and bake a sourdough version of bannock in Dad 's old Dutch oven this week and make some memories of our own .
 I found a copy of this cookbook at a local used book store and mixed up a sourdough starter the following day . It was bubbling away the next morning and I ca n't wait to try it in a few more days ... The directions in this book are simple to follow . The anecdotes and history provided are entertaining . The recipes all sound delicious ! I 'll be working my way through many of these , starting of course with the sourdough hotcakes and bread . The handwritten format just adds to the charm of the book . If you 're interested in learning to make sourdoughs , this book will give you all the information you 'll need .
 For those of us who would prefer to use sourdough starter as the sole leavening agent in making breads , this cookbook is very helpful in getting us `` started '' . There are some receipts calling for the addition of yeast , and baking soda is often added not so much to leaven loaves as to create a chemical change which dampens some of the sourness in a very sour pot of starter . Overall , this book gives some of the best history of sourdough from a lady who knows first-hand the importance of an active sourdough starter , and will get any beginner started off making some very good breads , rolls , breakfast items & desserts . There is even a section at the end for making various products from the wild berries grown in the Last Frontier -LRB- for those of us who are able to utilize lingonberries & such -RRB- ! Even for those who do n't care to do a lot of baking , this book has a great deal of interesting information about Alaska & its pioneers - a great read for celebrating our 50th year of Statehood !
 Make the most sublime waffles - crispy outside , creamy inside , and with a flavor that beats anything else . So good that my children want them even as plain unheated leftovers later in the morning .
 I got this book because of all the interesting stories and sourdough tidbits that it contained . The stories were informative , a fascinating look at history , and most of all - FUN ! Then , because she made it sound so easy and delectable - I decided to try making sourdough and see what would happen . I had to go back and forth in the book a little to make sure I was doing everything correctly - the Sourdough Hints in the back were very helpful . Well , it 's been a week since I mixed up the starter . The sourdough smelled `` sour cream sour '' and it looked OK . -LRB- I was glad not to see little black fungus or other such nasties growing on the surface like the last sourdough I tried to make 20 years ago -RRB- . So I made the Quick Sourdough Bread today . I figured that was a good place to start since I did n't want to take time for the 2 risings that the regular Sourdough Bread recipe called for . It rose nicely in the pan . It smelled good . But I did take it out of the oven 10 minutes early , because it was a deep golden brown and I was afraid it would be a rock-hard loaf if I waited the full 45 minutes . I brushed butter on the crust to soften it a little -LRB- still paranoid about the possible hard crust -RRB- and waited for it to cool . I sliced it . My husband and I had one slice . Then we had another . -LRB- And , yes , then we had one more with black cherry jam ! -RRB- Oh My Goodness !! I have n't had bread that tasted that good in a LONG time !! My husband put it this way , `` It is a slice of Heaven ! '' . I agreed wholeheartedly - better than candy , cake or cookies ! So take it from a person who has hundreds of cook books and probably thousands of recipes and has cooked all sorts of bread for the last 30 + years - this book is worth getting . It made the best bread we have ever eaten and now I ca n't wait to try some of the other recipes in the book . Four thumbs up .
 Bought this in 1982 and used it thoroughly for years until it fell apart and was held together with rubber bands , paper clips , and clothes pins ... then it got away . This book is as much fun just to read as it is to cook from . Full of Alaskan lore , great recipes , and if you are into sourdough , or think you might be , this may be the only recipe book you 'll ever need for just plain family eating
 I toured the House of Wickersham in Juneau Alaska years ago . After the tour , Ruth Allman served everyone Sourdough pancakes with her Rose Hip syrup . After such a delicious treat , I bought a copy of her book . I have a 1976 first edition . It has had a lot of use and that use is showing . In a few years , I will have to get another , later edition of this book.It is the best sourdough cooking book I have , and the stories she tells of `` Life on the Last Frontier '' only add to the book . Her father , Judge Wickersham , was one of the first territorial judges and first territorial governors of Alaska , having served in these positions shortly after President Lincoln purchased Alaska from Russia . Ruth weaves stories her father told her , throughout her book . Ruth and her husband Jack Allman , lived many years as Alaska Pioneers , and had to survive on their sourdough pot . From those days comes many of Ruth 's receipes.My only regret is that I did not have Ruth Allman autograph my copy .
 This is a wonderful book . Now I have so many more ways to use from my `` Sourdough Pot '' ... My Sourdough has been bubbling for a long time , but I was limited on recipes . This is also just a fun book to read .
 I had an excellent sourdough starter from a friend in Alaska . Debbie lived on the 49 Mile River . During the winter they , Debbie & Brad made bent wood furinture to sell in a general store in Dawson . Then pan for gold in the summer . Sourdough bread & hot cakes was a staple of life for them living in such a remote location.Ruth Allman 's , `` Alaska Sourdough '' cook book is an excellent primer in making a sourdough `` starter '' from scratch , -LRB- just in case you ca n't get a start from a friend -RRB- the proper care for your starter , and how to rejuveniate the starter when needed . We are very selective who we share our sourdough bread & rolls with . We do n't want to be depended upon to provide bakery items all the time.We made our purchase from redtree15 on Amazon Marketplace . We really appreciate the service provided .
 REad most of the book while visiting my brother in Alaska . Loved it . I am going to be making my sourdough starter soon . Book is full of great stories and recipes .
 This is Such a great book ! I have a sourdough starter from a friend and this book shows you how to care for it along with wonderful recipes . There are so many great stories that even without the recipes it would be a great book . I love the muffins , they do n't taste like sourdough at all ! I will say that if you do n't know how to bake bread you should get another book along with it . I would recommend `` Beard on Bread . '' Do n't trust him for sourdough , he dose not like it . His recipe for sourdough calls for milk with Ruth Allman says causes spoilage .
 This book is worth to keep in your collection as it does not only advise what to do with sourdough but Ruth also told you what the picture of past 100 years ago in Alaska where no stand mixer nor any civilized stuffs in kitchen , just a pot of sourdough .
 What a wonderful book.Ordered 2 for my Uncle.He loved it to , and it has some of the best sourdough recipes around . Try it .
 We purchased this book based on a recommendation to create our own sourdough `` start '' . The book is detailed and very informative . We have enjoyed creating our own sourdough start . It is amazing that you should leave the sourdough start on the counter for up to a year to have a stronger flavor .
 We had been looking for a sourdough starter for quite awhile . When I saw the Alaska Sourdough kit offer on Amazon , I immediatly ordered it . When it arrived a few days later , the fun began ! We made buscuits , pancakes , bread , bread sticks and are still going strong . I keep several buscuits in the fridge for quick snacks . Pop one or two in the microwave and douse with butter.The sourdough is very flavorable and easy to regenerate.I would recommend this product to anyone who has a taste for sourdough products ...
 got this for my daughter in NC , she is now making prefect bread . Wish she lived closer to make me some
 This book is loads of fun if you are interested in the history of Alaska Sourdough . The handwritten pages are quaint and homey . The stories are fun and recipies delicious .
 I received this book as a BD gift ... I love it ! I live in SE Alaska , a subsistance life style ... been trying to learn how to `` grow '' a really good sourdough ... this book has been really helpful and it has some really great recipes from the early 1900 's and before ! Now , if I can just figure out the quirks of baking and keeping a good sourdough `` growing '' on my salmon troller ... If you love great sourdough , give this a try ... `` grow '' your own using one of Ruth 's recipes -LRB- included -RRB- ... it is well worth the time and your guests will truly enjoy the meals you make from your sourdough jar ... h. akinsnaukati , ak
 Do you want to brought up to speed on the state of the art in philosophical discussions of free will ? Do you want to give yourself a top-flight graduate course on this exciting philosophical topic ? Then read Robert Kane 's The Oxford Handbook on Free Will . This book might be the single best book to study if one wants a comprehensive overview of most of the controversies unfolding in debates about free will and moral responsibility . The essays are all outstanding . Each is penned by one of the leading figures in the field , and each combines an effort to teach at a very advanced level with a novel contribution to the literature pitched from the perspective of the author . For example , in the section devoted to compatibilism -LRB- the view that free will and moral responsibility are compatible with determinism -RRB- , Kane includes four essays , one by Bernard Berofsky , another by Ishtiyaque Haji , a third by Paul Russell , and a forth by Daniel Dennett and Christopher Taylor . Each essay is detailed , crisp , completely informed , and clear as a bell . Each also advances the author 's own views . Reading through this section , one can learn exactly what is now taking place in the arena of compatibilism . The same can be said about the section devoted to libertarianism -LRB- the thesis that some persons act from a sort of free will that requires the falsity of determinism -RRB- . In this section , Kane includes probably the four finest philosophers currently defending this topic , Tim O'Connor , Randy Clarke , Carl Ginet , and Kane himself.In all , there are eight sections to Kane 's collection with a total of 25 essays . The sections are devoted to the following topics
 So far forth , the editors of the Oxford Handbook series have managed to put together products which both the neophyte and the fully-informed scholar will find beneficial . Robert Kane has certainly done his part to keep up the trend.All of the essays in this volume are written by philosophers who have made significant individual contributions to the contemporary discussion about human freedom . Most of the authors have also produced influential works in related fields -LRB- philosophy of mind , action theory and moral psychology -RRB- , and many of them are thoroughly conversant with the relevant empirical research in physics and neuroscience . Indeed , parts II and VIII of the book are dedicated , respectively , to the interplay between the problems of free will and quantum physics/chaos theory on the one hand , and recent work in neuroscience on the other . The result is a compilation of essays written with the sort of texture and philosophical sensitivity that repays careful -LRB- re - -RRB- reading , and brimming with suggestive ideas that could well move the debate into some relatively unexplored terrain . -LRB- We should expect nothing less from a volume edited by Kane , who has himself long advocated the importance of approaching the ancient problem of free will from novel directions . -RRB- What 's more , the collection includes essays from several philosophers whose own books on free will are , though quite important and valuable , somewhat cost prohibitive . -LRB- Anyone living on a graduate student 's salary who 's tried to pick up a copy of Pereboom 's or Clarke 's or Double 's or Strawson 's books will know what I mean . -RRB- So the expense of the present volume is , when seen in that light , thoroughly justifiable . In fact it 's a steal ! Or so I 've tried to convince my wife.Finally , with his characteristic combination of clarity and rigor , Kane provides a lengthy introduction to the book that will help both the professional philosopher and the new-comer find their bearings in this complex debate with as little intellectual turmoil as can reasonably be hoped for . The book is a good one , highly recommended .
 I first encountered Bob Kane 's skill with the daedal discipline of free will in his book * The Significance of Free Will . * At that time , I realized that Kane had an almost suspicious talent for articulating my own objections , and then articulating a response that would often satisfy me more than my own.While such a talent may be a bit threatening for readers aiming to claim their own victories , Kane 's affability and enthusiasm always leave the reader not only with the necessary knowledge , but with a sense of pride in having participated in his well-authenticated jaunts.This work , in particular , highlights Kane 's skills as both an original author and an editor with an honest eye for the best arguments of his opponents . It will certainly become a staple , if it has not already , for professional scholars of free will and curious by-standers alike . The * Oxford Handbook of Free Will * draws together balanced selections from the most relevant authors in the field , and-despite its depth-manages to cover a range broad enough that the book would be equally well placed on the shelves of theologians , philosophers , and physicians.My main criticism is that the compilation elides some selections that , to me , seem indispensable . Then again , such a problem * should * be inevitable for a field as factious as free will , and is blunted by Kane 's need to balance his equations.The Oxford group has again demonstrated their wisdom in selecting Kane as the editor of this volume . Compared to its competitors in the prosy pantheon of free-will texts , this selection will leave you energized to gnaw through the next puzzle -LRB- rather than feeling deflated by the fact that there remain more arguments to be broached -RRB- . - Christian P. Erickson , M.D.christianerickson@alumni.duke.edu
 Awesome Preview of Europe for those of us who ca n't sit down and read the other guide books . The pictures and maps are great .
 This book is great . DK Travel books are the best available . The only problem I had was the seller `` Discount Books '' . They charged me a $ 9.95 monthly membership fee for buying the book . And they will charge it every month until you catch them and ask them to stop . That is one thing I would n't have expected from an Amazon vendor . '' Buyer Beware '' is a must -- even here .
 I love the pictures in this book and brief history of each country/culture at the beginning of each chapter . It is a great overview of European sites and helps us decide what 's most important for us to visit ! I 'm enjoying it very much . It 's not like a Rick Steves book , with in-depth reviews of each area , but it 's a great overall review for people like us who have n't been to Europe yet and are trying to decide what we would like to see . Rick 's books are excellent for more in-depth visits , but this is great for first-timers trying to figure it all out .
 it is a good book , which give you more information , photo , picutre , and image of all interesting places in europe ... for the traveler I would like to suggest you to buy this book coupled with lonely planet ... with both book you will have a complimentary information and give you more idea to select the best place to visit , and see ...
 This book was an excellent buy . I recently had a holiday in Europe and it never left my side . It is packed with information , pictures and maps and in fact people travelling with me kept borrowing it all the time and were going to buy it when they got home because it had all the information they wanted to show family and friends as to where they had been and what they had seen . Highly recommended .
 I currently live in Europe , and this is the book I recommend for my visitors . It covers many countries , colour pictures , and is a nice starter for before you go , and once you are there .
 I admit it
 This book is realy great for everybody who likes to travel Europe . The combination of good pictures , illustration and texts is perfect . You get a good overall view for the most important sights , places , cities and countries in Europe and also a bit of historical information . As a European who already traveled a bit I still could find a lot of inspiration to more interesting places to go . Thank a lot to Eyewitness Travel for there great books !
 The Dk Travel guides are the best travel guides produced , each one a high quality illustrated encyclopedia on the country or city it represents . They are invaluable guides . The only disadvantage is that they are a bit on the heavy side , but the quality of printing and extensive range of color photos offsets that .
 This book was tailor made for our trip , which was for 3 weeks , hitting 8 major cities . It was useful for planning as well as a take-along guide . We traveled by train , and the book was great for `` getting our heads in the game '' for the next stop . The pictures are rich with detail , including cut-away views of many historical structures like castles and cathedrals . The historical synoptic narratives are extremely well written , delivering maximum information in the space available . The quality of the paper is impeccable , with a glossy finish and gorgeous colors.My 13-year old daughter , unexpectedly and unprompted , devoured the book during the train rides . She set aside her DVD player and forty or so movies , and focused on the book - day , after day , after day . She never watched a movie on the trains . When she finished studying the section on our next city , she moved outward in the book to other features of the country . She would go back and forth between the various city descriptions , the country maps , and the map of Europe . We would go into museums , and she would point out pictures she had seen in the book . Eventually , she had carefully looked over every page of the book and read far more than just what was relevant to our destinations . She probably reread the section on Anne Frank 10 times , even though we did n't get to Amsterdam and she has already read two books on the subject . Tomorrow morning , a Saturday with me off work , she and I are going to sit down together and go through the book , tabbing the sections that cover places we went . At the expense of sounding schmaltzy , I expect it will be a sentimental keepsake for the rest of her life.This is a great book for early planning , especially if you have n't decided on which cities to visit . On the other hand , if you 've already made up your mind and you are visiting fewer than four cities , this is probably not the book for you - you would n't buy an encyclopedia if you only wanted to read three articles . Buying the book early can give you time to buy a more focused book for cities where you find you need more information.The binding on the book will appear somewhat unusual if you 're unfamiliar with this publisher as I was . Sitting on a bookshelf , it looks like a hardbound book in a colorful dust jacket , even though there is no removable jacket at all . In fact , it is sort of a hybrid between a paperback and a hardbound book . The cover is actually vinyl
 I really like the eyewitness guides , I have seven including `` Europe '' . All of them have tons of images , walking routes throught various cities , contact information for sites , hotel listings , resturants , and in many cases floor plans of museums and other buildings . I also like the fact that they give some history of the country , show images of the currancy , list suggested times to visit very busy sites and show some of the reasons why you would select to visit particular attractions.True this book does not cover all of Europe , but it does have sections on the more `` popular '' travel destinations . It is good if you want some general information on many different countries and to help determine which you have interest in visiting . It is not to large to carry around and has extended cover flaps to help mark the section.The last thing is that if you are traveling to only one country or going to spend a most of your time in one city , look for the individual eyewitness guides . The information in the Ireland book was better for the two week visit to Ireland , where this book -LRB- the Europe book -RRB- would have been only ok for that trip , but was perfect for the three days in Edinburgh and helping to select which countries to visit when we only had time for a few days in each .
 The Eyewitness Travel Guides in general provide lots of pretty pictures and are very nice , but if you want a handy , practical guide to TAKE WITH YOU on a trip you are much better off with the Rick Steves , Lonely Planet , Fodor 's , or Frommer 's series of travel guides . The other guides provide much better info on logistics like where to stay , where to eat , and transportation . Eyewitness -LRB- DK Publishing -RRB- makes great coffee table books , and that is what this book is . I recommend Rick Steves Best of Europe , or Lonely Planet 's Europe on a Shoestring if you want a more useful guide .
 i LIKE THIS BOOK VERY MUCH i HOPE IT WILL BE VERY USEFUL ON MY NEXT TRIP TO EUROPE . I STRONGLY RECOMMEND TO ANYONE WHO WANTS A GREAT DEAL OF INFORMATION
 I bought this book because we are moving to Germany and I wanted to get a good overview of all the countries in Europe that we could travel too . Unfortunately pages 457-480 on Greece are not in English - looks to be Spanish . There was some sort of printing problem ! But I found the rest of the book to give good highlights of the countries .
 I bought this book to help me plan my trip to Europe and it was so useful , it was the only book I packed to take on my trip . The book covers mainly Western Europe along with Poland , Czech Republic , Hungry , and Greece . The former Soviet Union , former Yugoslavia , Albania , Bulgaria , Romania , and Slovakia are not covered and neither are the islands of Iceland , Malta , and Cyprus . Similarly , of the `` tiny '' countries , only Monaco and the Vatican are mentioned ; Liechtenstein , Andorra , and San Marino are not.The book describes what is available to see in Europe . For each country , about six to twenty cities/regions are discussed and for major cities -LRB- e.g. London , Paris , Amsterdam , Venice , etc. -RRB- there is more detailed coverage , such as six to twenty sights within that city along with a city map . Usually , each attraction gets about a four-paragraph write-up plus a photograph . A few major attractions -LRB- e.g. Louvre , British Museum , St. Peter 's Cathedral , etc. -RRB- are devoted two to four pages plus a larger diagram . Also , each country usually has another dozen or so pages covering its history and culture as well as a discussion about practical information such as climate , banking , methods of travel , shopping , etc.The book does n't teach you everything you need to know about Europe -LRB- e.g. nothing about foreign languages -RRB- , or will want to know -LRB- e.g. hotels , restaurants , and food have modest coverage -RRB- . Nor does it include everything you 'll do - only places , not events , are written about -LRB- e.g. Oktoberfest only warrants a photo -RRB- . But the book does an excellent job at detailing what popular , famous , interesting , or important places there are in Europe . The pictures and illustrations make the book come to life . The maps help you judge the relative positions of sights within a particular city . The descriptions are usually detailed enough so you can determine how interesting you 'll find a particular place . Some people might criticize the book because it does n't judge how `` good '' each sight is . However , I find this nice because everyone has different tastes and I like to have the opportunity form my own opinions.If you want to know what is available to see in Europe then this is the book for you .
 If you 're already a fan of the Eyewitness Travel Guide series , you know what to expect from this book . If this is your first time , let me tell you you 'll be amazed with how great and how useful this book is.This particular guide summarizes the contents of over 20 other books by DK , including information for 20 countries in total , organized in the following way : - The British Isles -LRB- Great Britain & Ireland -RRB- - France and the low countries -LRB- France , Belgium , Luxembourg & The Netherlands -RRB- - The Iberian Peninsula -LRB- Spain & Portugal -RRB- - Italy and Greece - Germany , Austria and Switzerland - Scandinavia -LRB- Sweden , Norway , Denmark & Finland -RRB- - Central and Eastern Europe -LRB- Czech Republic , Hungary & Poland -RRB- . This guide contains , for every country , information regarding sites to visit , hotels , restaurants , shopping , museums , travel info -LRB- how tos for travelling by train , bus , car , metro , etc -RRB- . Worthy of notice are their trademark cutaways of castles and churches , maps and street-by-street graphics.The only drawback is that since it includes information on so many countries , some of it might not have the detail you 'd expect . For example , the France section has only 73 pages , while the Eyewitness Travel Guide to Paris -LRB- another book from DK -RRB- has over 350 pages on Paris alone!A phenomenal guide if you 're planning on visiting many countries on one trip , but if you intend to dedicate more time to just a couple , you 'd be better off getting the specific country/city guides .
 Yes , this is one heavy book . It is more than likely not a guide you want to carry around with you unless you intend to lose a few pounds from the extra weight in your backpack . Otherwise , it is quite a great guide for deciding where you want to take your next vacation in Europe . It is filled with color photography , illustrations and details you wil enjoy reading . It is graphically exciting and visually pleasing . Of all the guides I 've seen , the Eyewitness Travel Guides are sheer brillance.On the inside cover there is a map of Europe and then the pages are color coded so you can find the following countries
 Eyewitness travel guides are splendid and this is not an exception . This is a handy guide to Europe and shows some of the more popular spots to travel to . I was a bit confused that not all countries were included . However , that might be because they picked the places that most people travel to . I personally was a bit disapointed that Romania , Ukraine and other more far eastern european countries were not included . However , still and all , this is an awesome guide for the countries that are included . I love how they show everything instead of just writing and writing like many travel guides do . These are the best guides out there and the many photos make these guides stupendous and astounding and many leagues better then closest competitor .
 I recently took a backpack trip through Europe , which lasted close to a month ; before heading out there I went through a few guidebooks and at that moment this one appealed the most . I can not say if it was the presentation with the colored photographs ; maps of the cities with visitor information or that I was just to plain sick of spending time searching for a guide book to take me though my journey . Nonetheless I am quite pleased that I took this guide with me . I had planned initially to visit a friend in Netherlands and spend some time scrolling through the cities ; I left my guide there to my host ; but off and on I would reference the book with places I visited ; I must admit that this book covered all the places . Now of course I personally feel the best way to visit a place is to have some one show you around as like any other travel guide will not detail the places where the locals would head over to ; like the bars , restraunts and night clubs . My visit from here lead me to Paris ; it hit me with all its charm and glamour ; here too I was fortunate to be taken around by friends . The real use of the guide came when I went on a solo journey to Belgium Austria and Italy . I found this guide an immense source of information . On my way to the city mostly by trains ; I found the chance to orient myself and somewhat have a time frame as to how long I would stay in each city . I found that even though the book has information about hotels and hostels but at the train station 's Hotel Guides ; I was always able to get better deals . Pretty much I carried this heavy 800 pages book with me where ever I went.Even though this book provides immense information I would highly recommend getting additional reference books on cities , which are known , for immense sightseeing and historical attractions . One such place where the guide fell short was Florence ; even tough it has considerable information and provides all the most popular sites . It literally will take a 1000 pages to detail all the places to visit ; as a comparison there are over 78 places to visit which have historical importance but the book has listed only about the best 14 of them ; well visiting all the places would take a few weeks of stay in comparison to a typical 3-4 days that tourists generally spend ; which is sufficient time to visit the places listed in the book . Another important place not mentioned in this test was the `` Museum of Arsenal '' in Vienna ; here on display is the car in which duke Ferdinand traveled with in Sarajevo.On the whole this covers only the most western countries of Europe and leaves a lot of East European countries and Turkey as well .
 I just returned from a two-week tour of Western Europe and this book was simply fantastic . Obviously you ca n't cover everything you could possibly do in Europe in 800 pages , but this book covered more than many of the other Europe tomes . I had this book and one other with me on my trip and this was the only book I opened the entire journey.The best part about this book was all of the illustrations and color photographs . This book shows you what the other guides only tell you . It 's hard to tell what building your looking at if you only have a written description , but with the four color illustrations in this book things are easy to identify and find . I would recommend this book to anyone taking a trip to Europe . -LRB- Plus , when you get back from your trip this book can even help you identify all those photographs you took -RRB-
 All Europe guides are , of necessity , a selection of the very best things to see and do in that vast continent . No one book could be comprehensive , and all Europe guides are pretty bulky and heavy . But the Eyewitness people have managed to fit an astonishing number of places into 800 pages - and their choices are always exactly right , especially for the first-time visitor . It can be hard to decide whether to go to Antwerp or Bruges or Brussels - if you only have time to go to one city in Belgium - and all the photographs and illustrations in this book , plus the informative descriptions , make it a lot easier to make up your mind . The maps alone , all in color , make it worth buying .
 one of the best first person accounts of real bow hunting for any and all game on earth . detailed review of hunts , personal thoughts and technique in an easy to read format.excellent building details of the american long bow and equipment.a wealth of information on archery techniques as well as sportsmanship .
 I received my book on a friday and read it cover to cover in two days . I loved it . Howard Hill was not only the greatest archer in the world , but an excellent story teller . He does everything from shooting a buffalo while riding a horse , to bowfishing under water and shooting a large shark . He even has a technical chapter on bowmaking , and his style of shooting . Any archer will enjoy reading this book .
 exellent book for the beginning archer , it gets you excited to get out and try archery
 Hunting the Hard Way is the best book I have ever read . This book is about the adventures of Howard Hill and others that accompanied him on his hunting trips . Howard Hill used a laminated bamboo longbow that he made in his archery shop . He was an excellent shot with the bow also . He took some amazing shots at animals in this book . The most amazing shot in my opinion was at an elk at over 150 yards ! He also went hunting with his bow and arrow .
 The first 2 chapters of this book locked this reader to the pages like an arrow nocked to the string . The thoughts and feelings expressed by Howard Hill as he came to full draw on each of his adventures put me in the saddle or atop the mountain looking through his eyes . Any archer 's heart will race at the reaccounting of each hunt , but only archers of traditional caliber will be able to appreciate the flight of the arrow as it 's loosed and hits its intended mark . The bond between fellow hunters is well expressed and gives proper account to the knowledge and wisdom passed down at the campfire by older more experienced hunters . But for the fact that Howard Hill has accomplished things with his bow that I would n't begin to consider , I found it difficult to associate with some of his underwater adventures .
 If you are involved with archery , this book belongs in your library . Howard Hill posessed skills that are nothing short of incredible when it came to hunting and target archery . This book will inspire you to pick up your bow and go out and shoot . It might even inspire someone to but down his compound and pick up a real bow . This book is a compilation of accounts from Howards career that would be written off as fantasy if so many people had n't witnessed what Howard was able to accomplish with a longbow . Howard attempts to describe making bows and other archery tackle . I would n't buy the book for these reasons . There are other sources such as the bowyer 's bible series that do a much better job .
 Just incredible to hear these stories . Really was a much more innocent time . Fully of helpful insights for would be traditional archers
 I have no quarrel with the book itself . Wanted a copy for a long time . However , I purchased a used book with the understanding that it was a `` Signed Copy . '' The copy I received WAS NOT autographed . This is a disappointment . If you advertise it as an autographed copy , do n't substitute one that is n't . Leaves me in serious doubt regarding furture purchases . I 'd appreciate some clarification . Regards , Elmer Kurrus
 This was a great book if you are a archery hunter it is a must read . Has motivate me to pit down the compound and pick up a longbow .
 Howard Hill 's classic book on the longbow and hunting is filled with recommendations , tips , and wisdom earned over a lifetime of traditional archery . A great read that will be sure to make you a better traditional archer and bowhunter !
 Great read ! Not an in depth how to book but full of some great adventures that one could only wish they could have been part of .
 This book is highly suggested for anyone interested in traditional archery . It is very entertaining and a great reference book . I 've read it a couple of times and still reread sections from time to time . It gives insight into the way things were before compound bows , carbon fiber arrows , LED peep sights , etc. . Heck , laminated wood was a big deal ! Besides the exciting hunting stories , I liked the short course on bow and arrow construction .
 Thia was a gift for my Husband , who loved the book . It arrived on the date we were told it would .
 Seligmann , an artist and a `` bibliophiliac '' of twentieth century , presents a noteworthy panorama on the roots of magic and ancient beliefs & superstitions in this richly illustrated work . This is not a book an enthustiastic `` Wicca '' would be enjoyed or feel excited to read . Rather it is a well organized collection of historical accounts -LRB- mostly dealing with the `` Western '' side of the subject -RRB- and esoteric knowledge . Seligmann provides us a classified history of magic , beginning with ancient Mesopotamia , Persia , Egypt , Canaan and Greece ; then shifts the main route towards the medieaval Europe . All sections concerning with ancient cultures has very interesting details on ancient rituals , myths and the concept of `` demons '' . He especially provides very interesting material on Hermetic philosophy and gnosticism . The hundreds of illustrations in the book , add an entertaining taste into the story . This book would have well deserved `` five stars '' if it included ancient Eastern beliefs and rites in same detailed style , so I rate Seligmann 's work with 4 stars . But in general , `` The History of Magic and Occult '' is a `` compact encyclopedia '' , you 'd like to own .
 Kurt Seligmann , Surrealist artist par excellence , admitted & unashamed bibliophile , has ravaged his occult library in a miraculous marriage giving birth to this classic historical account of Magic and Occultism ; entirely written for the proverbial ` man about the street ' , and a very cosmic avenue is here tread in an admireable chronological ordering of the various mystical houses . Addressing all the various occult -LRB- semantic definition of `` hidden & rejected knowledge '' -RRB- routes via the shortcut of this Art Historian 's scholarly mind , as a whole this work is one of the best and most easily approachable `` magic histories '' for those who have no previous knowledge concerning occultism except an undeniable interest and fascination with the mysterious and the spiritual.Kurt Seligmann is darkly fascinated and explores endlessly the multitude of historic beliefs concerning the study of the nature of evil ... such as black magic , necromancy , Elizabethian era conjurers and their Enochian magic , primitive rites , evocations of the Cultus Satanus , Goetia Demonomania , et.al ... as an example , early on he discusses Chaldean phliosophies in which
 I have the older version of the book , but I understand that the content is generally unchanged.As someone who was desperately seeking some history without the New Age spin , this is a good resource . I 'm almost tempted to say excellent resource , for what 's there , tho he does focus on Western and Middle Eastern concepts.The main flaw I see with the book is the writing style . It 's very ` academic ' , which I often find is synonomous with dry . I understand why the flashy New Age books sell - they capture the audience who does n't go for the more scholarly approach ... and I have difficult reading this book without my mind wandering.That said - it 's not about flash , it 's about substance ... and it is a very interesting and informative piece of works .
 Kurt Seligmann , Surrealist artist par excellence , admitted & unashamed bibliophile , has ravaged his occult library in a miraculous marriage giving birth to this classic historical account of Magic and Occultism ; entirely written for the proverbial ` man about the street ' , and a very cosmic avenue is here tread in an admireable chronological ordering of the various mystical houses . Addressing all the various occult -LRB- semantic definition of `` hidden & rejected knowledge '' -RRB- routes via the shortcut of this Art Historian 's scholarly mind , as a whole this work is one of the best and most easily approachable `` magic histories '' for those who have no previous knowledge concerning occultism except an undeniable interest and fascination with the mysterious and the spiritual.Kurt Seligmann is darkly fascinated and explores endlessly the multitude of historic beliefs concerning the study of the nature of evil ... such as black magic , necromancy , Elizabethian era conjurers and their Enochian magic , primitive rites , evocations of the Cultus Satanus , Goetia Demonomania , et.al ... as an example , early on he discusses Chaldean phliosophies in which
 I recommend this book for anyone beginning to study the occult . It will give you a strong base by which to begin your studies . It is a very dry read as most occult books are . You will regualrly return to it for references throughout your studies .
 An incredible collection of stories that will make you gasp and ask for more . I originally read this book in spanish but even when it 's translated , it does n't lose any of it 's magic . As you read this book and indulge in the many characters ' lives , you realize that they belong to the author 's imagination as much as they belong to our wonder and just as much as they belong to our own lives . After every story I had to sit back an process the incredible story I had just read . Rivera-Valdez uses her ease with words to paint not just a portrait of each character , but a landscape . Not only are you able to fully enjoy the secrets in the stories , but you will find yourself wondering what goes on behind your own neighbors ' curtains .
 An extremely helpful gem on a complex subject of second century religious authority and textual use . For anyone serious about this period and the interelation of cultures , this book is essential . Is it complex and detailed ? Of course , it must be to argue the point . Should you buy it ? Yes , unless you want to keep running back to the library . I write this only after thoroughly disagreeing with the review above .
 Required reading for anyone interested in the apologists . It is also an early contribution to the study of ethnicity , culture , and identity in late antiquity -- hot topics as of late . Highlights include references to obscure German authors and meticulous readings of the source texts -LRB- not to mention the fascinating chapters on Justin and Celsus -RRB- .
 As a Celtic and West Ham nut-case I have had the pleasure of watching Paolo play for 2 of my clubs ! His passion and skill are unmatched , and his unpredictable antics are a bonus . When he was happy , West Ham were in the Top ten in the Prem . When he was un-happy West Ham were relegated . When he left , West Ham lost it 's soul . I pray his last year is played in MLS for San Jose !!! -LRB- - ;
 This book combines two of the most sought-after items in a biography . First , in Williams , you have an intriguing , mysterious figure who not many people have much information on . Yes , he won the Heisman trophy and he is , publically , seen as a good person.What Richardson , the most respected college sports writer in the country , is able to do is look beyond the public perception and give readers a sense of what makes Williams tick and why Williams ticks the way he does.This book sets the stage for Williams in New Orleans . It is set before Williams ' rookie year with the Saints and controversial coach Mike Ditka . After reading this book , you 'll understand why Williams had the turbulent year and subsequent problems.Through a network of what seem to be unparalled contacts , Richardson is able to gain an insight on Williams the college player that has never before been exposed . He sets the table for Williams ' rookie year . Much of the book explains how Williams was handled in college at Texas and why his transition to the real world has been so difficult.In short , this book is a must for any pro football fan . On a grand scale , it is much more than a work about Ricky Williams and the Saints . It chronicles the reasons college players have such a difficult time making the trasition to the professional level and explains why football is only part of that equation .
 Written by Elizabeth Crary -LRB- a parent educator of 25 years ' experience -RRB- , Dealing With Disappointment
 This is my favorite parenting -LRB- and lifeskills -RRB- book for learning how to identify , process , and master one 's feelings . It is so practical and really applies to any age of child/adult and parenting style . The goal of the book is to empower kids -LRB- and parents -RRB- to be responsible for their own feelings by identifying and handling them in appropriate ways.A variety of techniques are recommended depending on the age of the child and the child 's own particular personality . -LRB- From art to music to reading to physical exercises and so much more -RRB- . The author suggests that for each year of age a child has , they should develop that many coping mechanisms when they are upset for how to get their feelings under control and process them.This book strikes an excellent balance between the one extreme that says `` You have no business feeling that way - just deal with it '' which leads to stuffing emotions and angry outbursts , and the other extreme which focuses so much on talking about feelings `` You 're angry , you 're upset , tell me how you feel , let 's focus on your feelings for hours ad nauseum '' that the child feels trapped by their own feelings and is n't given tools for moving beyond the situation.Highly highly recommend this book ! You as the parent will also come away with new and better coping skills for yourself .
 What a relief to read this book . As parents , it 's so easy to assume it 's our job to keep our kids happy . This workbook teaches step by step , how to help children talk about their feelings , calm themselves , and problem solve when things do n't go their way . It even reminds us what we can to do stay calm when our kids are disappointed . There are so many possibilities and sales pitches in today 's world that managing disappointment is essential . Fortunately , this book teaches how .
 A great book . A wonderful collection of images coupled with well-written essays .
 Ironically , I grew up in a small town close to The Farm , but never knew much about it . A friend asked me about it , and when forced to confront my ignorance on the subject I purchased the book to correct that shortcoming . Little did I know how much I was about to be entertained!Voices from The Farm is written -- as a book on the communal living experience should be -- by a number of the folks who participated . It is a collection of stories that together summarize the experience of the members , and the life-cycle of the community.The Farm and its various off-shoots accomplished some great humanitarian feats in the face of the suspicion and prejudice of its neighbors . Winning over those neighbors provides some of the most entertaining tales in the book . However , the biggest obstacles seem -- as with human society in general -- to be rooted in the human nature of the members of The Farm community.This book is a great , entertaining collection of stories that together tell the tale of a marvelous exercise in social science and community economics . Excellent work by the editors in preserving , selecting , and arranging the individual contributions to tell the story of The Farm .
 This book gave me a glimpse at life on The Farm , as described by people who 'd actually lived there . While no book can EVER be a substitute for the daily reality of living on the land , trying to build a community , take care of children , raise food and get through cold winters , reading this book was still a very powerful experience . It made me think about my spiritual values and what it must have been like for those who were trying to live with a commitment to living gently on the earth , not hurting wild creatures , not using leather.I appreciated the honesty as well - as varous people would talk of giving into corruption and sneaking Dr. Pepper soda on a trip to town and other acts that went against general group values . Some of these values , of course were not overtly stated ... but most were understood . Others were in a state of transition.Ultimately , the Farm broke up but this book is a powerfl reminder of all that was good about it and of the yearning for finding new ways of building stronger community lives . I have no way of knowing for sure , but I have a feeling many members of The Farm continue to live with similar values as they had back then , when they were simply thought of as crazy `` hippies '' .
 This book contains true accounts from former residents of probably the best known intentional community , The Farm . This book can show the reader how to make a commune successful , as well as what things to avoid . It is funny at times and very interesting and educational . Take notes !
 I really liked hearing from my old friends . The Farm was a great learning experience and is still relevant . It 's unfortunate that the pictures that had been planned for this book were left out at the last minute .
 Gave me a detailed vision of day to day life in a commune that is still in existence today . Very interesting , quick , delightful read !
 Brought back warm memories of my brief stay at The Farm in the late 70 's . Wonderful place , people , and philosophy . Often wished I 'd decided to take up residence there ! A great little book , quick read . Peace , Love & Blessings to y' all ! -LRB- Write on , Rupert ! -RRB-
 Well written chronicles of The Farm from the people who lived it . Excellent photos as well.I kept looking for a photo of me and my then-wife , but I was n't there long enough . But shewas : - -RRB-
 This book is a collection of oral histories and some original documents from the early days of the famous Farm commune in Tennessee . The Farm had a fairly hierarchical structure compared to some hippie efforts , and identified as a spiritual community , with a large amount of group effort and work involved in basic infrastructure , social experiments , and , eventually , charity projects that were difficult for the cash-strapped group to support -LRB- like maintaining an ambulance service in besieged Bronx neighborhoods , hundreds of miles from the Farm home base in Tennessee , as well as projects in Central America during a guerrilla war that threatens local partners in the project -RRB- . The stories are a FANTASTIC look at group dynamics and , in my opinion , give a great look at the consequences of the `` mission creep '' that idealistic projects such as nonprofits and religious organizations are prone to . Much of this is very entertaining , often in a black-humor sort of way , and gives a great look at commonalities in human nature that apply today , whether to today 's version of ` hippies ' , or any hard-working and idealistic group of humans trying to better the world .
 i have a copy of this book and love it and ca n't wait til the revised version comes out in a few weeks
 loved this book , first hand accounts , blazingly honest about the good and bad aspects , will make you want to go visit !
 Inspirational , informative , warm in places , funny in others . Having so many former residents ' stories gives a well rounded , neatly edited report . Enjoyable , fun read .
 Bill Harvey has a wonderful gift of making history come alive in this book . This book awakens a sense of wonder at the possiblility of a real relationship with God as you follow the faithfulness of one little girl in ancient times . Young girls ages 5-15 will love this book . It has always been one of my most loved treasures , a real Keeper !
 I was introduced to this book when I was a teenager . I loved it then , and was pleasantly surprised to see it still available . Reading it again to my own children , it was better than I remembered , and loved by all of them , from ages 6 to 14 . Although at times the heroine is presented as almost too good to be true , the plot of the book is exciting , and left my children asking me to read one more chapter . The setting of the book provides a great amount of historical detail , leaving the reader with an excellent understanding of the Israelites ' constant fear of raiding and invasion by the Assyrians , and a good grasp of daily life in Assyria . The book takes a few unexpected twists and turns , and has enough unanswered questions throughout to keep readers of all ages interested . All in all , a very good choice to help understand this time period .
 I like this book first one I 've seen with so many historical pictures of the ship . Well worth the money
 This little book is one of the most important works I have read in my 50 + years . With simple , yet incredibly powerful ideas , it challenged me to get `` out of my philosophical box '' and think again about life , God , and how it all works together . Recalling the simple statement Jesus made , that we `` must become like little children ... '' , I played along with the exercises outlined in the book and found an earth-shaking change taking place in my life . Read this without judgment or prejudice -- and see for yourself !
 Dr Baker explains clearly and engagingly how one can improve one 's life by changing your subconscious pattern through the spiritual technique called treatment . The essence of treatment is this
 Dr. Barker opened the First Church of Religious Science in New York City in 1946 , was President of the International New Thought Alliance and a well-known minister , author and teacher throughout the New Thought movement . This classic book is often used in Religious Science classes . Dr. Barker explains how to change the subconscious pattern through spiritual treatment . Some of his statements
 Raymond Charles Barker believes in metaphysics , but you need not share his views on such a weighty topic to derive benefit from this book . Treat Yourself to Life is a manual for productive living -- a self-help book you might say -- and Barker provides a straight-forward approach for getting what you want in terms of love , wealth , health and self-expression . Skeptics may cringe at the author 's faith in the individual to create his own destiny through the book 's teaching , but Barker responds by urging the reader to assess the merits of the teaching based on real results for the individual.The books divides into chapters on Happiness , Wealth , Love , This Day , Success , Freedom and Life , and offers a method to improve one 's experience with regard to each . Barker demands faith and effort , but at its core , the method really does not differ much from techniques in cognitive therapy and sqaures with the latest views on neuroplasticity , at least in my view . Yet the teaching seems more positive and offers a greater faith in human nature . Surely , the reader will have to decide for himself .
 Dr Baker was one of those great 20th century metaphysicians like Emmet Fox , Ernest Holmes & Thomas Troward , who understood the working of the mind long before psychotherapy became popular . This approach is called `` the religion of healthy mindedness '' by William James in his classicThe Varieties of Religious Experience.Barker explains clearly and engagingly how to improve one 's life by changing your subconscious pattern through the spiritual technique called ` treatment . ' The essence of treatment is this
 Considered a classic in the field , TREAT YOURSELF TO LIFE continues to be regarded as one of the best of many guides available to deal with life 's challenges . Dr. Barker emphasizes that most psychological techniques lack a spiritual premise with which to bring health , prosperity , and well-balanced personal relationships into action . By changing the subconscious patterns that derail even the best of intentions , you can reprogram yourself for success through Dr. Barker 's spiritual mind treatment approach . In getting this book , you are doing something of value for yourself .
 Along with `` The Power of Decision , '' Neville 's `` Power of Awareness '' and `` The Search '' -LRB- in `` The Awakened Imagination , '' -RRB- some of the best New Thought books , ever .
 This book is for anyone who wishes to take control of their life.It gives clear instructions and contains the age old formula of success .
 I bought this book when I was a kid . I 've lost track of how many times I 've read it . It 's one of my all time favorite books . I wish there were more books like this .
 A great resource for paper type crafts . From paper mache to origami this book gives you projects you can follow right from the book or inspirations for your own creations . Clear instructions and excellent step by step photos . Tried some of the projects myself with success and had fun with the kids doing it . Great for a sunny day when you want to do something different or are stuck inside on a rainy day .
 Security specialist Micah Lassiter finds himself in an ethical quandary when wealthy businessman Alan Street hires him to protect his daughter , and Micah quickly finds his heart becoming involved . Allen owns one of the most successful software companies in the world , which now has made him the target of threats . The man sending threatening letters is obviously brilliant , unbalanced and dangerous . Concerned for his daughter , Alan wants someone to keep an eye on Prudence night and day to ensure her safety . But Micah must protect Prudence without her knowledge . She has struggled hard to establish her independence from her father and wo n't welcome his intrusion now , however well meaning.Micah moves into the apartment across the hall from Prudence , using his proximity to arrange quiet dinners and intimate moments . By necessity , Prudence believes he 's courting her , and is confused by his mixed signal when he kisses her on one day and then emotionally distances himself the next . Micah is equally confused by his reactions , knowing that emotional involvement can endanger her safety . Prudence becomes the cause of some real soul searching , as their relationship takes a path he did n't expect . As danger escalates , Micah finds not just her life in danger , but his heart . Further , she wo n't be tolerant when she finds out her father hired him.Ruth Langan deftly combines danger and romance in BY HONOR BOUND . Langan has a gift for creating wonderful characters . The direct confrontation of the ethical issues provides striking characterizations with believable dilemmas . Her secondary characters likewise sparkle , from the Lassiter family to the meddlesome sisters that live in the same apartment building as Alan and Prudence . Unexpectedly delightful , BY HONOR BOUND comes highly recommended .
 It 's pretty cool looking at one of these maps that started out as satellite photos and then were filled in with cartographic caricatures -LRB- with prime features exaggerated out of scale -RRB- . You are musing `` wow , I did n't know that was out there , '' and pretty soon you 're in the car heading out to see something that no one you know ever heard of . I found something on this map out in the vastness of Kansas called the Chalk Hills , looked it up , it 's all on private land but apparently the owners do n't mind , there are no fences visible and no other tourists , and there are these natural wonders for you to grok at.http : / / www.kansasphototour.com/chalk.htmhttp://www.kansasphototour.com/castle.htmhttp://www.ourks.com/chalkpyramids.htmlI have one of these in my own backyard , the Sutter Butteshttp : / / www.middlemountain.org/picture.htmin the upper part of the Central Valley of California.It is normally invisible in Sacramento because of either smog or agricultural dust . I had never seen it , one day it rained and I saw this magic mountain rising out of the plain . I went to bed , had a dream about it , got up out of my sleep and had to drive there . -LRB- Unfortunately , the locals glare at you because of all the bad tourists , and this one is fenced , with some places with weird manhole covers and red - & - white striped antennas sticking up out of the ground . -RRB-
 This map is clear and informative , but more than that , it is beautiful to look at.Ordering it from the UK , I would have liked a quicker delivery option . But it arrived more or less when they promised -- if anything , a week sooner than I expected.Thoroughly satisfied with this purchase .
 Due to the time-lag up to the present -LRB- 5-9 years after the original publication -RRB- it needs to be pointed out that some of the essays may have lost shreds from their novelty ; while others , like Al Hidell 's charting out the EuroAtlantic grand chessplayers ' ulterior geostrategical motives -LRB- among them g.o.d. = guns , oil/pipelines , drugs -RRB- leading up to the violent breakup of Yugoslavia and to the birth of their latest stepchild , say , in the form of Kosovo , are timelier than ever . Just as Israeli connections -LRB- far from being the whole picture -RRB- to the 9-11 inside job -LRB- & the rest -RRB- , in another offering from the same author/co-editor , can not be repeated often enough either.Aside from the articles already referred to in the above editorial review , further titles are as follows : Joan d'Arc
 I bought this to help understand care issues specific to the Birman breed , and it really helped . The section on exhibition was interesting , but not really relevant to my needs . It was great to have sections on feeding , grooming , temperament , and health that were tailored specifically to the Birman , since this breed of cat is very unique . It goes into detail on health issues of the Birman such as the breed 's propensity for kidney disease and the importance of annual blood work . The book also talks about the gentle nature of this cat and how it needs the companionship of humans much more than other breeds and how easily a Birman can get its feelings hurt and even pout . Grooming tips are given on how to take care of the thick yet fine coat of the Birman . I 've found it to be the best book on cat care out there for the Birman and I highly recommend it .
 Wonderful ! Karen Cummings writes a book that tells you all the basics in cat care and tailors it to the Birman breed . The excellent photographs enable the reader to see what a Birmans really looks like . The history of the Birman , -LRB- Sacred cat of Burma -RRB- , it 's mythic legend is beautifully illustrated in the artworks that appear on page three and on seven , `` Mandela Cat '' and `` Temple of the Sacred Cat '' . I am the artist of these artworks and I am very impressed with the excellent reproductions produced by the publisher . In addition , as a Birman , breeders for over 15 years I can and do highly recommend this book .
 Wonderful ! Karen Cummings writes a book that tells you all thebasics of cat care and tailors it to the Birman breed . The excellentphotographs enable the reader to see what a Birman really looks like . The history of the Birman , -LRB- Sacred cat of Burma -RRB- , it 's mythic legend is beautifully illustrated in the artworks that appear on page three and seven ; `` Mandela Cat '' and `` Temple of the Sacred Cat '' . I am the artist of these artworks and I am very impressed with the excellent reproductions produced by the publisher . In addition , as a Birman breeder for over 15 years I can and do highly recommend this book .
 Book shipped quickly and was in excellent condition as stated . Easy transaction would buy again
 Tess was washed ashore on the Isle of May during a terrible storm eleven years ago , presumed to be the only survivor of a shipwreck . Just six years old at the time , Tess had buried horrible memories deep within her , and remembered little of what brought her to the island . An elderly couple living on the island raised her and taught her to be self-sufficient . But now they are dead , and Tess is all alone on the island . She longs for human companionship but has learned to fear the world beyond the Isle of May . When a young Highlander washes ashore in a storm , Tess feels compelled to save him . At twenty years of age , Colin Macpherson is the youngest son of a Highland laird . He 's been restlessly roaming the seas , but when he washes up on Tess 's island , everything changes . As Colin helps Tess remember her past , he finds himself drawn to her as he 's never been drawn to a woman before . And Tess is discovering strong feelings for him as well , feelings that may very well be love . But when they return to the mainland in search of Tess 's heritage , will they be able to stay together , or will they be torn apart?Set in Scotland in 1543 , this is my new favorite book in the Avon True Romance series . The love story between Tess and Colin was so romantic and incredibly sweet , and I LOVED the setting . If you are a fan of the Avon True Romance series , or like historical romances for teens , this book is a must-read .
 After enjoying a previous Avon True Romance , Gwyneth and the Thief , I decided to read more from the series . I thought Gwyneth was great , but this is even better yet . Tess is a seventeen-year-old who lives on the Isle of May . She was taken under the care of a couple who oversaw the island , but they have died , and she is completely alone . One day , she finds that a young man is washed ashore , and drags him from the water . She does not want to be near him , as she was warned to stay away from all men , so she hides on the island . Colin Macpherson , a highlander , searches for the young lady who rescued him . Tess is stubborn , but eventually they get to know one another . Tess does not know much about her past , with the exception of nightmares which give small recollections . Colin realizes that Tess is part of the Lindsay clan , and when a ship comes to rescue him from the island , Tess goes with him , in order to find the life she was taken away from eleven years ago . Will she be able to have peace , and be with Colin , the person she has grown to love ? Read this very interesting novel to find out . I really enjoyed reading this . Many congratulations to May McGoldrick on writing such a great novel !
 This is an engaging a count of life of Tess a girl who at a young age washed up on the shore of the Isle of May . With no memory of the life before then , she stays with the old caretakers of the isle . After the caretakers are dead a young man , Colin Macpherson washes up on shore . Colin takes Tess back with her to his castle where he helps her uncover her past . They are opposites , but you know what they say opposites attract . This book is just one of many in the Avon True Romance series . I have read every book in the series and I know that if you like this book you love the rest . This is a great book for girls about 10 to 16 because it is still a romance novel , but not what you call a trashy romance novel . It is a great novel fokr those who are just getting into romance novels .
 This book was a perfect historical romance for teens ! It is set in Scotland in the 1500s . Tess has lived on a desolate island ever since she was a little girl , raised by its caretakers who are now dead , leaving 17-year-old Tess alone . She is rescued by Colin MacPherson , a handsome young Highlander , who takes her back to the mainland . He tries to help her find her heritage , but the two end up falling in love . This book was the best Avon True Romance , it was just soooo sweet and romantic and I loved the Scottish Medieval setting .
 I loved everything about this book - the setting , the characters , and the romance . The love story between Tess and Colin was really sweet and I loved the Medieval Scottish setting of the 1500s . I highly recommend this to teens who love historical romances !
 This book was spellbinding ! Filled with adventure , romance and sort of a murder mystery . I could n't put it down!I wish more of the guys were like Colin !!!!!! Except I was n't to fond of the hair that 's like longer than mine ...
 Tess Lindsey has lived on the remote island of Isle of May and has been raised by the only two other people who lived on the island , all the time uncertain of who she is and her true identity . After the death of her caretakers , she is left on the island all by herself and must do battle alone . That is until one day she rescues a stranger -- a stranger who also holds her questions of her past in his very hands . Colin MacPherson has the knack for adventure and a beautiful girl at every single place he visits , that is until he meets Tess ... a strong-willed girl that intrigues him at every turn . As the two form a bonding trust Colin begins to piece together the clues of Tess 's mysterious past ... and a future that most likely will not include him . This definitely has to be one of the best Avon True Romances so far , after Anna and the Duke . I did n't expect it to be this good so it really took me by surprise . Every teenage girl who loves romance should read this book !
 When I got this book , I was n't expecting much , but man was I wrong ! I loved this book ! Now I may not usually be tied in by a man with long blond hair wearing a kilt , but the authors really made Colin into this enchanting Highlander . Tess is a very soft heroine . While she sometimes seems too guillible , I have to remember that it is part of the story . This is one of my favorite books in the series .
 If you 're looking for a deep read , this is not the book . However , if you want to sit down and speed through a happy , cutesy romance novel than this book fits you perfectly . I enjoyed reading it and re-reading it . Every once and awhile a little light book is good for the mind set of a reader .
 This is such a wonderful addition to the series ... I love the passion that is expressed , and the mystery of Tess ' past that is revealed as you read ... I challenge any who say this is not a good book .
 I really liked this one . I admit I had a little bit of a hard time getting into it a first . I have enjoyed all of the Avon true romance books , but the covers do n't do much to promote themselves .
 I 'm not a teenager , but I appreciate the well-written -LRB- and clean -RRB- romance ! This is a great addition to the series , and one of my favorites : -RRB-
 Tess is alone . For eleven years , an elderly couple raised her after finding her at six , alone and frightened , amongst the rocks on the shoreline of the island they keep . Now , though , Tess ' guardians have died , leaving Tess to tend to the island and , as per their orders , hide whenever someone new comes there . When she finds a handsome young Highlander washed up on the shores of her island , she knows she must help him or he will die.As Tess and the handsome Highlander , Colin , spend time together waiting for a ship to come take him home , they form a friendship and discover that Tess is not so alone in the world as she thinks.This was a cute story , and definitely better than the last Avon True Romance -LRB- for teens -RRB- I picked up . It 's the type of thing I would have swooned over as a teenager , had I deigned to read romances at that age -LRB- I admit , I had a bit of book snobbery going on , though I secretly loved any romance I could find in books I read -RRB- . As an adult , now , I read the book and think it 's cute . I would have loved to have seen how Tess and Colin 's relationship matures as they do , but that is beyond the scope of this book and the age range it is intended for . I will probably be searching out McGoldrick 's adult romance novels , though , given the promise this one held .
 This is my first encounter with Yoruba and I have to say that CDs are really helping . However , the book is very short and not particular about certain aspects and details of grammar and other nuances - for someone who NEVER spoke Yoruba and does n't have anybody to ask for a clue , it leaves a lot of questions unanswered - for this , however , there are hopefully other Yoruba textbooks.On the brighter note , I would like to add that the book does a very good job in giving a little insight on Yoruba people and Yoruba culture in general . I would recommend it as a good start book for anyone who wants to learn Yoruba - you ca n't go wrong with it .
 While I am still in the process of learning the Yoruba language , I think that this book is a nice beginners tool . Please keep in mind that the new book comes with to audio CD 's that are MUCH NEEDED ! So if you 're considering buying the book used , fine , but be sure to ask if the CD 's come with.Without the audio assistance , I 'm not sure how great of a tool this will be in your journey to learn the beautiful language of Yoruba!Best , S
 This book contains a great amount of vocabulary . It teaches you the Anglicized versions of certain words such as `` teacher '' but it also gives you the Yoruba word . Although I did n't appreciate the Anglicized words at first , they are good to know because a lot of people use them . The CD is an excellent and necessary addition to the book . There are lots of dialogues and lists of vocabulary on them -LRB- there are 2 CDs -RRB- . The CD does skip over some of the exercises in the book , which I guess you 're supposed to go over by yourself or with a teacher , though . All in all , it 's a great set and , if mastered , can bring the user to a high level of fluency . I also like that the narrator , who speaks English to announce the lessons , is a native speaker and does n't butcher the names of the characters in the dialogues . There is a Yoruba book/CD set created by another publisher who uses a British narrator . It really throws you off course throughout the CD . Watch out for that one and buy this one instead !
 I recommend this book highly . I have a competitor 's text also and while it is useful , I appreciate the format of Beginner 's Yoruba which is interactive . The companion CDs that come with this book are simply outstanding . I especially enjoy the fact that the book is respectful of ALL religions.As an update after using the CDs for a few weeks , it is true that the speaker who speaks fastest on the CD does make many mistakes . I noted errors on greetings . These are rather odd to say the least . However , I still think this is a great source ! My toddler is learning right along with me and she demands I play the CD everyday ! As we repeat phrases , I simply correct the errors . I really appreciate the different participants on the CD and the dialogues which are authentic and properly contextualize the vocabulary.The phrase `` O'ngbiyanju '' is priceless !
 This is not the first book I 've read that is critical of psychiatry . But compared to Caplan , Breggin , and Szasz , this is the most sensible critique I 've seen . Usually , in the anti-psychiatry literature one finds inexcusible nonsequiturs . For example
 Dr. Walker 's book is a stern indictment of the contemporary medical profession and the mental health field in particular . He charges the majority of psychiatrists of ignoring the true needs of their patients and instead practicing and arbitrary pseudo-science of labeling . They seem to have given up on the idea -LRB- fundamental to the philosophy of science -RRB- that all events have a cause and that to understand something we must understand the process of cause and effect that brought it into being . Most modern psychiatrists are not interested in finding out what is wrong through careful methodology . They are divided into two camps . The psychoanalytic types deny a medical cause for abnormal feelings and behaviour altogether -LRB- however , they still want the prestige that comes with being a medical doctor ! -RRB- . They look everything from a bad childhood to alien abductions to explain such things as psychosis and manic depression , even though no scientific study has ever proven the theories on which their claims are based . The next group , the standard issue biopsychiatrists are a little more up to date . They would admit the obvious scientific truth that someone who hears voices or is immobilized by a deep depression is psysically ill . However , they drop the ball as well . Most biologically based psychiatrists give very vague answers about the causes of mental illness , and rely on a few biological treatments which are tried on the patient almost randomly until one seems to `` work '' . For instance , a depressed person will be given one antidepressant drug after another without the doctor even stopping to consider that the deprssion may result from anemia , a thyroid imbalance , poor nutrition or a host of other causes . Many psyciatric patients today are not even given a blood test , an EEG or any other genuine medical test before traetment is prescribed . Walker points out that until people are given a battery of tests , we will never really know what is wrong with them . Prozac or tranquilizers may make the ! m feel better temporatily , but they could be literally dying . He also attacks the concepts of hypochodndria and facetious disorder . For the most part , he argues , these are destructive labels used to protect doctors and stigmatized patients -LRB- `` if I ca n't figure out what is wrong with you then it is all in you 're head and/or you are just making it up '' -RRB- While I do n't agree with all his points -LRB- for instance , his extreme anti-prozac position -RRB- I must say that this book is must reading for anyone in need of mental health care .
 I was very impressed with A Dose of Sanity because so many books critical of psychiatry remind me of Breggin which claim that there is something `` spiritual '' missing in the patient , and the author ignores the bioligical problems inherent in the behavioral or mood disorder.However , I as I made my way through the book I was concerned that Dr. Walker was not going to address what to do if you have been diagnosed with a serious mood disorder , but were unable to find a physical cause -LRB- like a boy that was ADHD but had cardiac problems -RRB- . I was right . He never said what to do if you have been diagnosed with manic depression -LRB- or any of the other hard to treat mood disorders -RRB- . He did not address lithium or other non-antidepressant therapies for mood disorders . I agree that these treatments are probably only treating the symptoms of some underlying brain dysfunction that science has not yet named , but what does the patient do until science has figured this out ? Remain psychotic ? Lithium therapy may be some band-aid solution for a cellular dysfunction of our brain matter , but is a patient supposed to discontinue this medication because science can only offer this treatment to help the symptoms of the disorder ? I wish Walker had offered an opinion and information on this issue.Also , along the same line , he did n't say what patients should do once they had gone through exstensive medical testing to determine their problem and nothing physically wrong was found . -LRB- Nevermind the fact that he did ' t give specific tests to ask for - just blood and urinalysis in addition to what else ? -RRB- If you know that you do n't suffer from pin worms , syphillis , typhus , cardiac problems or whatever else , but your symptoms only seem to match typical manic symptoms that only lithium helps , should you throw in the towel and accept the psychotropic medication?I do think that Dr. Walker is truly concerned about patients who have fallen victim to DSM `` diagnosis '' , and this book could be very helpful for a patient who has received psychiatric care , but did not have a full medical work-up before taking psychotropic medications . I only wish this book had touched on the issues that I mentioned above.Finally , the most important message of this book is never stop learning about what you have been told your disorder is , and never take the word of your doctor as law . As Walker says himself , there is no way that one doctor can know everthing about medicine .
 Dr.Walker has written a unique , and compassionate book . It has , indeed , saved my sanity ! Dr.Walker 's treats his patients with tremendous sensitivity , and , with a non-judgemental insight , far beyond any other doctor that I know ! I think , and believe , that Dr.Walker is a medical giant , of our time .
 This book should be required reading by all psychiatrists . There is still so much to learn from this maverick psychiatrist . Dr.Sydney Walker 111 was an unforgettable and unique and towering giant , we will not find another Dr.Sydney Walker again !! The closest thing to another Dr.Walker in Canada might be the ill-fated Dr.Ed Pakes , a brilliant pioneer bereavement psychiatrist . There is also Dr.Robin Brooks-Hill . Then there is an aloof South African `` Shrink '' , and his son , who wrote some book called `` Freud '' . -LRB- Obviously that is n't really the correct title , but it is a free country -RRB- Besides , why see Dr.Aloof Shrink when you can watch Meryl Streep films on Video . Bouchard is no longer a power , Richler is dead , Where is Trudeau or Lon Chaney Jr when we need him ?
 King James
 Came just like the buyer said , like new . had a pretty big fold in the back , but im not expecting flawless on a used book . exactly what i thought so A + . Perfect ship and got so fast .
 This book is a very interesting one . The book describes how a young basketball star goes through his career from 8th grade to senior year in high school . The book shows Lebron 's stuggles and accomplishments . It explains major deals with shoe companies . The book gives highlights from his most hyped high school games . The book shows all aspects of how Lebron made everyone believe the hype . Overall it was a good book and it is for anyone who loves reading about sports and athletes accomplishments .
 Ryan Jones is a great basketball writer . In King James
 I have n't read this book , but dont stop reading just yet . To all of you who have been living in ignorance for the past few years , I 'd like to open ur eyes to a little magazine known as SLAM . 3 words
 My story is about LeBron James and how he grew up . When he was a freshman in high school he won tournament MVP for the state , which is amazing.The beginning starts at his childhood and continues so on . My favorite part in the book is when he 's a freshman and he played football . Their team made it to state . They lost in the finals , but he got All State . That means hes one of the best in the state . Later that year he made the basketball team . They made it to the state finals . They won and LeBron got MVP . That happened for the next three years.Ryan Jones is a senior editor at SLAM , the monthly basketball magazine . He lives in New York . I would recommend this book to sports fans that like LeBron James . The age and gender I would recommend this book to is ages 13-35 and boys .
 This was a very cool book . It had a ton of great inside stuff I did n't know about The Man . The sneaker stuff was really interesting . Clearly LeBron was under enormous pressure to perform and to do the right thing , and even with the scounts and everything esle going on he gave 100 % to his high school team , The Irish . Jones does a great job taking us inside the making of a star .
 This was a AWESOME book . It really looks into the real life of LEBRON JAMES and shows you his trip into stardom . This book is great if you like watching basketball careers grow because is probably the most popular young basketball players in the world today and this book did a really good job of showing how LEBRON is always improving his game . I have read a ton of sports autiobiographies and this one was probably the most inspiring because it took an indept look at the personal and also basketball part of LEBRON JAMES life .
 King James by Ryan Jones is a biography of Lebron 's James ' life prior to going into the NBA . It tells about how a little kid who lived in poverty with his mother goes on to become a six foot eight inch 245 pound high school basketball superstar . Lebron has to deal with the pressure of the media and go against tough opponents almost every game . Somehow he is able to handle all of this and all the other obstacles in his life . This is an entertaining book to read and I reccommend it to anyone who is a fan of Lebron James or is interested in reading about the rising star . The author does a great job of telling how Lebron is on and off the court . After reading this book you will come to respect Lebron as a basketbal player and a person .
 I first heard about Lebron when he was on the cover of Sports Illustrated and followed him ever since . I thought I read a lot about him , but reading this book told me so much that I had never known about Lebron as a player , a person , and all the hype and attention he got from the media , the shoe companies and everyone else . The fact that he dealt with so many distractions and people hating on him and still succeeded was really inspirational . This book has tons of info and quotes from Lebron , and it shows that he seems like a cool guy , too . I would definitely recommend this book if you 're a fan of Lebron or just a fan of basketball and sports in general .
 LeBron James is a basketball hero . He has a big story on how he got to the NBA . LeBron was very poor growing up ; his father left him and his mother when he was young . LeBron had to live with friends so his mom could work to keep a roof over their heads . A cool thing I thought LeBron did is when he was signing autographs an adult pushed over a kid just to get LeBrons signature but LeBron said `` Let me sign the kids first '' . I think this shows LeBrons care for kids.When LeBron was in High School at St.Vincent St.Mary , the spotlight was on him . LeBron took the Irish to the state championship all four years of High School . LeBron played Football and Basketball in High School . He could of gone to college to be a star Wide Receiver but he chose Basketball . LeBron won the Mr.Basketball in Ohio award all four years in High School . I loved this book because LeBron never gave up at what he wanted to accomplish . LeaBron is a great role model to young kids because he never gave up and told himself that he could do it . LeBron now is in the NBA and won the Rookie of the Year award.Written by Gerald P. Willamspoon
 King James by Ryan Jones is a biography of Lebron 's James ' life prior to going into the NBA . It tells about how a little kid who lived in poverty with his mother goes on to become a six foot eight inch 245 pound high school basketball superstar . Lebron has to deal with the pressure of the media and go against tough opponents almost every game . Somehow he is able to handle all of this and all the other obstacles in his life . This is an entertaining book to read and I reccommend it to anyone who is a fan of Lebron James or is interested in reading about the rising star . The author does a great job of telling how Lebron is on and off the court . After reading this book you will come to respect Lebron as a basketbal player and a person .
 While this book captures the hip sensibilities of SLAM , it 's objective is not to be cool . The objective was clearly to tell LeBron James story , and the author does so fluidly and intelligently . The only issue I had when it came out was if LeBron warranted an entire book . Given that he 's spent the first three quarters of his rookie season proving he may have even be underrated , consider the book warranted . So , basketball fans , if you want to know the real LeBron James story before it gets changed or distorted by the corporations that are soon to be even more involved in his life , check out this book and you 'll get all the background you need to be able to intelligently discuss the first superstar of the new millenium .
 This was quite an enjoyable read . I was fascinated by the rise and rise of this basketball prodigy due to all the hype surrounding him . There is no doubt that Lebron James is one hell of a talent after seeing many of his highlight plays on T.V , and on the net . This book details his performances in school for ST Vincent-ST Mary and other events , the frenzied interest from fans and media wanting to see him perform , sport commentators and coaches raving about him being the best thing in the sport of basketball , hummergate , speculation about his future career plans , and the fight for his feet between Adidas and Nike in which the latter won because the former could not offer huge amounts of money in the bidding war with its major rival . Great stuff .
 Y TAMBIEN LA VIDA INTIMA DE LOS TRIUNFADORES ... Por eso me fascin&oacute; este libro que me regal&oacute; mi esposa ! Y seguro a mis cuantes tambien . . porque alguno de ellos me `` incaut&oacute; '' el libro ! YA DEVUELVELO , BRO !
 LLENAS DE MOTIVACION , COMO LAS HISTORIAS DE ESTOS TIRUNFADORES QUE SON COMO MODERNOS GLADIADORES !
 DE LUCHA Y TRIUNFO . . ESTE LIBRO TE DEJAR&Aacute; MUY SATISFECHO ... Aunque no seas aficionado al box !
 Y A PESAR DE ELLOS , ESTE LIBRO ME ENCANTO ! Esta escrito por un autentico conocedor !
 DE SUS LUCHAS , SUS ESFUERZOS Y SUS VICTORIAS ! EXCELENTE LIBRO QUE NOS MUESTRA LA FUERZA DEL ESPIRITU HUMANO , NO SOLO DE LOS PU&N tilde ; OS !
 LE FASCINA ... Y creo que es el caso con la mayor&iacute;a de nosotras , las mujeres.Lo que quiero decirles es que &eacute;l compr&oacute; el libro Y YO LO LE&Iacute; & iexcl ; Y ME FASCIN&Oacute;!Eso no quiere decir que vaya a gustarme el boxeo , pero ahora comprendo mejor la pasi&oacute;n de mi marido ... Y AUNQUE NO TE GUSTE EL BOX , AMIGA , PARA TU ESPOSO SER&Aacute; UN GRAN REGALO y a ti te ` fascinar&aacute; la lucha f&iacute;sica y emocional de todos estos campeones ...
 LO QUE PENSE QUE NO ME INTERESABA SABER SOBRE EL BOX Y SUS CAMPEONES ... PERO ME CAUTIVO Y LO LEI HASTA EL FINAL ! AHORA SI PUEDO DISCUTIR DE BOX CON MI ESPOSO Y MIS CU&N tilde ; ADOS ... & iexcl ; Y HASTA CON MI SUEGRO , QUE ES EX BOXEADOR !
 DE LUCHA Y TRIUNFO . . ESTE LIBRO TE DEJAR&Aacute; MUY SATISFECHO ... Aunque no seas aficionado al box !
 Los mejores campeones , sus victorias , sus sacrificios ... FABULOSO !
 NO GUSTAMOS DEL BOX ! CIEN A&N tilde ; &Oacute;S DE LUCHA Y TRIUNFOS EN EL RING !
 Y ESTE LIBRO EST&Aacute; ESPL&Eacute;NDIDO ! Lo disfrutas , lo puedes usar como obra de consultaNos trae LAS HISTORIA DE LOS BOXEADORES M&Aacute;S BRILLANTES , DE LOS CAMPEONES DURANTE CIEN A&N tilde ; OS !! Si te gusta el box ... & iexcl ; NO TE LO PIERDAS !
 Como un buen co & ntilde ; ac , como un chocolate fino , como lo que no te digo y ya te imaginas como EL MAYOR PLACER ... TODOS LOS GRANDES DEL BOXEO ! Su vida , su lucha , SUS PELEAS , SUS TRIUNFOS Y SUS DERROTAS ! FANT&Aacute;SSSSTICO !
 I have somewhere over a dozen titles on timber frame construction . This is the one I keep referring back to when it comes to my own construction plans . It is not written as a commercial for the next timber frame workshop as many of these books are . It shows several different building and roof styles rather than a single one . Good detail on joints and joinery as well as planning figures are included . All in all this book is excellent reference material for someone actually wishing to build .
 This book talks about many of the important aspects of classic timber framing . The book was easy to use and will continue to be used as a reference when building the timber frame house . Very well put together and very knowledgable author .
 My husband loves this book . He said he has learned so much and that this was the best book to learn how to build a timber frame house by .
 This book has been completely instrumental in guiding my husband in his timberframing pursuits . He has read it so much the cover and binding have fallen off and broken ! But he holds on to it because it 's the BEST reference for a DIYer to look to when starting your structure .
 Classic book with lots of joints and explanations for both the beginning and accomplished timberframer to use as a reference . One of the top 10 books to have in your timberframing library .
 Dated -LRB- 1980 's -RRB- so do n't expect a lot of current technology for this ancient craft . A pretty good read and part of my collection . This book is also co-authored by Sobon . Of the three -LRB- Build a Classic Timber-Framed House , Timber Frame Construction
 My friend is a master carpenter and he saw this book at a recent trip to Hanford Mills museum.He is an avid reader and loved the book so much that I am inclined to read it as well !! Enjoy .
 My wife and I built a hybrid timber frame home using this book as a guide . Although we have construction skills , this book was invaluable in guiding us through the process . We ca n't wait to build another . We highly recommend this book to anyone considering a timber frame house .
 Timber framing is my hobby , and I own several books on the subject , but this has always been my favorite . The how-to section is very thorough , and includes information on tools and techniques . The author 's enthusiasm for the subject is what really makes the difference , though . The sections on history and woodworking are especially good . If a friend wanted to try timber framing , and asked me which book to buy first , I would pick this one without hesitation .
 This book is one of the classics on Timber Framing for those who want to get into this type of construction or build their own house . It is a very easy read . Though sometimes the author tends towards to much philosophy about life , construction and wood working.This book has very useful sections on joinery , design , raising , engineering , load physics , etc. . Very easy to understand even if , like me , you are not a professional carpenter , contractor or mechanical engineer . I know nothing of contracting or building and understood the whole book.The book does not mention anything about Scribe Rule and Square Rule techniques and the differences between the two . These old techniques may not have been widely known when this book was written , although they were well known by early timber frame carpenters , before Timber Framing was replaced with cheaper , but faster Balloon Framing.A book that does go into Square Rule in a more structured way and is equally easy to read is Buid a Classic Timber-Framed House , by Jack Sobon .
 I have read all the major timber frame books on the market , including both titles from Jack Sobon . Benson 's book is packed with information on how to build a timber frame and has an index in the back that allows one to figure out what size timber is needed . This book is one of , if not , the best on this subject .
 The details on this are excellent . Sketches , plans , perspectives , maths , tables , formulas , theory , you have it all . All graphics hand-drawn ! Each joint has a photo , a drawing and cutting details and dimensions . Focused too
 This book was first written in 1980 , though the philosophies presented between its covers are appropriate in these recent years of speculative energy prices and wobbling economic foundations . Timber frame house construction was `` green '' before that word was media-masticated and spit into popular culture.The book is well illustrated and instructive , and it is also well written . The authors have both experience and passion for this topic . The hand-drawn illustrations are well labeled with a drafting font that makes it interesting and captivating to read.The book begins with a historical review of this art , and slowly drills down to detailed diagrams of the many joining techniques . It is amazing that this old style of construction intuitively solved problems in structural mechanics without the need for finite element modeling , or even nails for that matter . The strength of this method of construction comes not from the size of the timbers -LRB- though they are substantial -RRB- , but from the joints crafted from wood with axes , augers , and hammers . Timber framing is like cabinet building , but bigger.There are many detailed drawings of joining techniques , and the reader quickly realizes that the craftsmanship and careful execution of these joints is the secret to this respected building trade . Flipping through these pages also immediately reveals the compromises that are made in modern home construction . Those who have ever wondered where the term `` stick built '' comes from will find the answer in this book . Dimensional lumber are sticks in comparison to timbers . Though metal connectors used in today 's framing have done wonders for total structural stability , this book shows you that timber framing negates the need for stamped steel reinforcement.Timber framed structures are built for permanence , preserving the strength of the frame by encasing it completely within the outer sheathing and exploiting the timbers as an aesthetic interior design element . It is amazing that so many barns and houses were built only by hand , because a single timber required two or more men to lift and transport . In this age , a crane is more appropriate . One should keep this in mind if considering this project on his or her own.The captions in the book are terse and straight forward . `` Wood never lies to you . '' `` You do n't just hack away obliviously . '' As said before , the writing is eloquent , and one can feel the earnestness of the writer with every paragraph . This excerpt sounds like it was written this year , rather than 1980 : `` To insulate as well as we can and to make houses as tight as we can present new challenges to the building industry . Houses will no longer naturally ventilate because of our inability to get them tight . We can lock them up like thermos bottles if we like . To bring new air into the house , we 'll have to design ventilation systems into the plans . With heat loss cut to the bones , we 'll have to design natural and mechanical recirculation to keep the temperature even and the air fresh . In this kind of environment , the heat from appliances , lights , and even body heat will contribute significant proportions to the small heating requirements . In houses built this way , energy from the sun , wind , or water could easily replace fuel-fired power sources . '' `` Energy conservation is the hope of the future . In conscience , we must mark the end of the era of substandard housing that is cheap to build but expensive and wasteful to maintain . In conscience , we should begin a time when houses contain energy-autonomous environments that consume no fossil fuels and are build to last centuries . `` Those words are nearly three decades old . They are describing what is sometimes called a `` passivhaus '' or `` passive house '' , which is also an established building technique but is only recently seeing revival as a `` green '' building technique . Insulation , rather than expensive heating and cooling systems , is the key to energy efficiency . What the authors are showing is that with a timber frame , the outer skin can be insulated panels that are tightly sealed , making a water tight and nearly air tight structure that is stronger , more permanent , and more energy efficient than any home constructed from dimensional lumber.And if there is any gripe of the book , it is that there should be more detail on the outer sheathing and insulating techniques , as well as wiring methods . There are a few cross sections -LRB- fairly detailed -RRB- but they are not as comprehensive as other sections of the book . Perhaps in 1980 the insulated panel industry was not large enough to devote more than a few pages to it . But now , there are composite , structurally insulated panels of many varying types that can be used in conjunction with a timber frame to build a very efficient , very strong , and architecturally pleasing home . And this is yet another example of how things come full circle ; one of the oldest building techniques proves itself to be superior to its modern replacement in multiple ways.On a personal note my building experience comes from the construction of a stick built garage which , at the time , seemed incredibly stout to me . I used 2x6 lumber for the walls rather than 2x4s , and sheathed the walls and roof with 5/8 '' oriented strand board . I used metal connectors in liberal amounts , reinforced the joints and ceiling joists , and insulated the entire structure so that I could work during the cold months . The garage is a solid , well insulated structure that maintains a comfortable climate by insulation and thermal mass alone . I was striving for a better way of building , and after reading this book I see that my desire was for timber frame construction . I wish I would have known more about it when I undertook the garage project , but now if I ever build my own home , I know how I will build it.Lastly , the appendix has diagrams for beam loads that is nearly more comprehensive than some textbooks on the topic of strength of materials . Even if you do not intend to build a home this way , this book may still be of value to you if you have any interest in building , construction , or architecture.For more information on finishing a timber frame home with different structural insulated panel technologies , see Benson 's newer book
 This is a fantastic book . I purchased it for my husband , who is a very accomplished wood-worker . After spending a winter studying it we have spent the summer raising our timber frame addition .
 If you are expecting a book full of glossy sharp pictures , this is not the one to buy.A lot of drawings and BW pictures that inform what they need to . This is a very good manual for those who want to venture in a timber frame project .
 This is the fourth book on timber framing that I 've read . some content is covered in the other books but there is still some very valuable information that I have not seen until reading this book . I am planning on building a Timber Frame and this book has answered a lot of questions that some other well recommended books did not .
 Amazing to learn that every Jaquith that you have ever met has descended from a single ancestor -LRB- Abraham Jaquith -RRB- who emigrated to the US in the 1600 's as a Huggenot . Numerous Jaquith ancestors were patriots who fought and died for this country from the King Philip 's War on . The only reason I did not give this family biography a 5 star rating is because some of the historical data in the living members of the Jaquith family is not correct . The older the records , the more correct the data is .
 Modern day Snow White -LRB- who also happens to be a lottory winner -RRB- finds herself in a cabin -- that 's later inhabited by eight men -LRB- the elves -RRB- who were out fishing when she arrived . There is one particular elf that makes snow white 's toes curl ... This book will make you smile , laugh and touch your heart !
 While this book is a take-off on the classic Snow White , it 's a fairytale for grown ups with some class act characters and a rich and rewarding love story . I thoroughly enjoyed reading it , and look forward to more of Ms. Sinclair 's works .
 The book offers a good overview of the subject of woodburning . The types of tools needed are discussed ; however , it was short on explanation here . The author should have spent more time examining the different types of tools and the qualities of each type . The book discusses the best types of wood for pyrographic efforts and this was useful . The book has a wide variety of designs from birds to seashore items . All are well drawn . The disigns are complex , and they are printed in the book very lightly . The problem in reproducing them comes from the lightness of the picture and the complex design . They do not reproduce as well as disigns I have found in other books.Overall I found the book informative and the designs excellent .
 Until today I had never heard of Norma Gregory , But like a lot of pyro artist pyrography came way after being an artist.In my 40 's I decided to learn pyrography , I 've done it for ten years now and as much as I love doing this type of art I found it harder to find new subjects Until I picked up this book . Page after page the Author lets the reader see so many Designs and Ideas . I 'm not a writer , and I 've never done a review . But I do know enough that this is a great book for beginers or Pyrographers who have been at it awhile . William Hough
 Love this book . Lots of patterns and instructions . Ca n't wait to start woodburning projects . Borders and patterns are just lovely !!!
 my brother in law was thrilled with the clarity and instructional commentswill be looking for more titles by her
 I like it OK it is sure worth having as an extra reference in pyrography . I would think any new artist in pyrography would like it as an addition to their collection
 This had some nice designs , but a little advanced for who I bought it for . He will have to grow into using it
 this is a good book for more of the advanced pyrographer rather than the beginner the designs are really great though
 An interesting early book by the great historian of ideas JGA Pocock . This book focuses on what Pocock calls the history of historiography in 17th century England . Pocock is concerned mainly with reconstructing how 17th century intellectuals thought about their past . This apparently recondite topic turns to have a number of interesting dimensions . Pocock begins with a surprising and interesting fact , that something prefiguring historical analysis emerged from the study of legal traditions . This occurred first in 16th century France , where the emerging methods of humanist textual criticism were applied to legal traditions . The existence of different legal traditions in France led several scholars to discover the dynamic quality of legal history , the discovery of feudalism , and reconstruction of legal history in the context of a form of social history . In England , where the common law tradition had no competitors , the evolution of knowledge followed a different course . The common lawyers , epitomized by the great Edward Coke , projected the common law and contemporary English political institutions back into an immemorial past as a permanent feature of English life . This treatment of English legal history was entangled in efforts to resist James I assertions of royal power.Subsequent scholars , notably the great antiquarian Henry Spelman , partly inspired by French scholars , subsequently discovered the changing nature of English law , discovered feudal law , and made inferences from legal history to imaginative and insightful reconstructions of medieval English society . Pocock evinces particular symppathy for Spelman 's efforts to elucidate non-anachronistic understandings of key terms and concepts , an activity very similar to Pocock 's own scholarly goals . Pocock traces the influence of Spelman 's discoveries on subsequent scholars and how these reconstructions of English history were entangled in 17th century politics . This book concludes with a nice chaper on the treatment of English history following the Glorious Revolution , describing the emergence of the Whig version of English history and looking forward to the work of important 18th century historians like Robertson and Hume.Like of all of Pocock 's work , this book is characterized by close analysis of the texts , Pocock 's impressive erudition , and clear writing .
 Thanks to my grandparents , who came to America in the first decade of the 20th century , I grew up and have had a good life . Thanks to my grandparents , I did n't become a piece of ash or a few tossed out bones in an Eastern European field at the age of 2 . Wars are wars ; they 've occured throughout human history , but in most of them , whole civilizations did n't disappear . But the Eastern European Jewish world is gone forever . I might belong to the same gene pool , but compared to the characters in Isaac Bashevis Singer 's stories , I 'm as American as apple pie . Irish-Americans can discover their roots in Ireland , Chinese-Americans in China , and so on , but not me . My cultural roots are gone forever . The only way I can learn them is through reading literature written by Singer , Shalom Aleichem , Isaac Babel and others who describe that vanished world . So , obviously , my interest and pleasure in reading such wonderful tales as appear in THE SEANCE and OTHER STORIES is all the more . Never mind my personal reasons . These amazing stories , by a Nobel Prize winner , will stay with you for a long time . The strange , sad characters afflicted by poverty and by life , bring us face to face with common human personalities of all times and places , while also depicting the conditions and peculiar relationships of Jews in Poland too . Magic , religion , animals , thieves , rabbis , prostitutes , mystics , Holocaust survivors , Talmudic scholars , prisoners , books , butchers and shopkeepers crowd the pages . In each story , you find pathos and tragedy , happiness and satisfaction , tensions and transformations . Two of the stories , `` The Seance '' and `` The Letter Writer '' must rank with the best stories I have ever read ; none of the others are bad . If you have never read Singer , this is an excellent book to start with . If you have , you know what I am talking about . This is the great writer at the top of his form .
 Isaac Bashevis Singer was no doubt one of the greatest short story writers - ever ! The various collections in the end also earned him a very well deserved Nobel Prize for literature in 1978 . Several of his stories were first published in magazines like The New Yorker , Encounter and Playboy . The first collection I read was Passions and Other Stories , which immediately made me realise what a master Isaac Bashevis Singer was . Later I have read several of his novels and short stories , where especially the collections Gimpel the Fool , Short Friday and The Seance are at least as good as Passions . All a magnificent world of Isaac Bashevis Singer 's saints and sinners . Sad , funny , ironic , poignant and seeming to come from Singer 's pen without any efforts . This is what good short stories is all about !
 THE S&Eacute;ANCE AND OTHER STORIES is a collection by Isaac Bashevis Singer first published in 1968 . Singer wrote primarily in Yiddish , and the 16 short stories here have been translated into English by various translators , though overseen by the author.Singer 's stories are invariably set among Jewish communities , the majority in the Polish Jewish villages of the late Russian Empire , though three are set in the postwar United States . Readers of this collection should have a basic knowledge of Jewish customs , for example , what a mezzuzah is . Still , behind the trappings of culture , the characters are universal and anyone will recognize themselves and their acquaintances here . At times , however , Singer is more interested in allegory than realism , and the characters represent the Jewish people . Singer 's depiction of Polish Jewish life is not a nostalgic reminisce of some purer age , and the frankness of Singer 's themes is remarkable . The subject of `` Yanda '' is a provincial prostitute , while `` Zeitl and Rickel '' describes the doomed lesbian romance of two pious girls.Found by chance in a `` take a book , leave a book '' pile , THE S&Eacute;ANCE AND OTHER STORIES was my introduction to this Nobel laureate . While I 'm not so bowled over by the stories to want to seek out other works by this author , the material is consistently entertaining -LRB- the 200 pages are a quick read -RRB- and some of the endings memorable .
 This not a `` how to '' guide to `` swinging '' -LRB- or whatever people call it -RRB- but in fact much more a book that addresses the question of being together and growing with a partner while retaining individuality and seperatedness within a relationship of honesty , trust and openess . I felt a lot less cynical and much more positive about the institution of marriage as a result of reading this book.I thought it was excellent and I feel it 's a book that would probably appeal to many more people if the title was different . But then again it was because of the title that I found it . Highly recommended for any relationship whether or not marriage is a part of it .
 I feel that this book can apply to every romantic pairing . This is not just a book for those contemplating an open marriage . This is a book that can give you great ideas regarding space in a relationship . It expands on the idea that just because you are part of a couple does not mean you have to give up yourself . It promotes the idea of still mainting and developing new ideas and hobbies about yourself . It really has so very little to do with sex and more to do with keeping your own life exciting and not expecting the marriage to solve all your fulfilment needs .
 The title of this book has become misleading only because the meaning of the words `` Open Marriage '' has changed over the decades.This book is an excellent guide for people interested in all the aspects of attaining and living in an open marriage , which is an overall way of life , not just sexual freedom . Everything from sex to doing the dishes is covered in this book . Some of the language may sound dated since it 's original printing , but then again , so does Shakespeare.This the best book I have ever found to learn about ALL aspects of your marital relationships -LRB- not just the sexual ones -RRB- and discover the ways in which people try to control and eventually destroy each other as individuals within a marriage.If you want a book on `` swinging '' -LRB- a/k/a recreational , non-monogomous sex -RRB- then this is NOT the book you are looking for . But then again , Open Marriage is leaps and bounds beyond just swinging . This book guides you through making this a way of life in a wonderful way , changing the traditional marriage views in ALL aspects , including non-monogomous sex , but not JUST sex.How do I know this ? I 've been living this way for 15 years and still going happy and strong . My first `` traditional '' marriage lasted 3 years .
 Please do n't be confused by the unfortunate choice of title , nor by the ridiculous books promoting promiscuity that are associated with it by Amazon databases.Let 's examine the two negative reviews of this book.One reviewer admits that he had decided the book was n't worthwhile before reading it , and proceeds with an attitude that dares the authors to change his mind . This is hardly an `` open '' reading , is it ? Further , the message of this book is in no way negated by a supposed divorce between the authors . The authors of Open Marriage specifically instruct readers to examine their expectation that marriage lasts forever.Another reviewer has a vested interest in dismissing Open Marriage , because its ideas contradict those of a book he wrote . He is careful to advertise his own book in his negative review of Open Marriage.As for whether Open Marriage is outdated , since when did such things as communication and trust become outdated ? With extremes of ideology and dogma on a rapid increase , a book that promotes careful examination of our assumptions and expectations before getting married has never been more relevant . Has Socrates ' dictum `` An unexamined life is not worth living '' ever gone out of date?Briefly , I 'll quote from chapter 4 : `` The guidelines -LSB- to healthy relationships -RSB- are as follows :1 realistic expectations2 privacy3 open and honest communication4 flexibility in roles5 open companionship6 equality7 identity8 trustWhere do love , sex , and fidelity fit in ? Are these not guidelines too - the basic components of any marriage ? Important , yes ; guidelines , no . Many of the problems with the closed marriage -LSB- defined by poor communication , lack of trust , immaturity etc. -RSB- stem from a false concept of the part that love , sex , and fidelity play in the relationship between man and a woman . The guidelines of open marriage listed above form the basis upon which love , sex , and fidelity achieve their meaning , not vice versa . If personal identity is based on love , equality measured by sex , and trust defined by fidelity , then identity will be crushed by a lessening of the initial romantic fervor , equality diminished by a temporary failure in sex , and trust destroyed through even the appearance of infidelity . But if personal identity , equality and trust exist in full measure , then the normal fluctuations that occur in any relationship between two human beings can be taken in stride . `` One way of looking at the book Open Marriage is to say that the authors are discussing which comes first , the chicken or the egg ? They are revealing that love , sex , and fidelity are outcomes of mature relating , thus not the cause of mature relating . If we reverse causation and pursue the product directly , without the process , than we set in motion a degradation from expectation , to demands , to manipulation , to frustration , and ending in `` bitter disappointment '' -LRB- chapter 4 -RRB- . For example , suspicious jealousy pursues fidelity directly , bypassing the process of building trust and commitment . On the other hand , when we follow the above 8 principles of healthy relating , the likely outcome is love , and fidelity . I recall a TV Sitcom in which a holiday family reunion was n't going well , and someone angrily threatened that `` we all had better start having fun right now ! '' Again , pursuit of the outcome directly without the process , results in our realizing the very thing we most fear -LRB- can you hear echoes of Dr. Phil McGraw in this ? -RRB- The authors are saying that an unexamined marriage will fail because our unconscious assumptions , demands , and expectations are going to take over , and a great deal of negative conflict will result . These authors are simply saying that we need to pay attention and be proactive , examine our thoughts and feelings openly , and negotiate a mutually acceptable relationship . This open communication and cooperation , as opposed to conflict , is what the authors refer to in the title of their book . They are referring to a Socratic openness to challenging one ` s own thoughts and behaviors as a basis of healthy living . This point is strongly supported by Dr. M. Scott Peck , author of The Road Less Traveled , who refers to Open Marriage on page 93 of ... Traveled . Dr. Peck 's says the same thing with a different metaphor
 This book is a classic when it pertains to building and establishing a relationship that works for you and your partner . It is written with a much different perspective and definition of an open marriage than today 's view of Open Marriage.I highly urge anyone in a relationship to read this book together with their partner as a way to stimulate and nurture individual and collective growth.Please keep in mind the time period this book was written in , as some of the examples used to illustrate points will not speak to the current dynamics between the sexes.Overall , it 's a thoughtful and transforming read .
 The criticisms of this book are mostly about its non-monogamous aspect
 This book is still a classic . But , better today are the books on Polyamorous relationships .
 The magazine was in very good condition and had the usual high standard of articles and photos that Victoria magazine has come to represent . I have collected all the previous magazines of the series and still enjoy leafing through them on a rainy day
 This is ground breaking work . It moves away from the abstract , dualistic ideas of God that are grounded in Greek philosophical and pagan concepts . T. F. Torrance describes in detail where these ideas originated from and how they often threatened the integrity of the gospel . The churches in the first few hundred years were forever challenged with concepts and ideas that had no grounding in Scripture and tradition . By contrasting Jesus Christ as the centre for all our understanding about who God is and what God does against false concepts , Torrance very effectively shows how the church today has lost this vital focus . I would consider this book to be a masterpiece in bringing the cosmic reality of the gospel in the person and work Jesus Christ to a shocking and utterly staggering degree . If you dare to read this book , be prepared to be radically changed forever !
 This book is quite touching . It tells Dorie 's story of all the unbelievably horribe things she experience while growing up being abused both physially and sexually . It gives hope to those who believe that no one 's situation is as bad as their 's or those who think recovery is not possible . If you are looking for self help to enhance you own healing journey this book is probably not what you need if you dont fall into the above categories . However , it is a great testimony to be aware of .
 This is Dorie Van Stone 's complete story - the sometimes graphic details that were left out of her book , `` Dorie , the Girl Nobody Loved '' . This book gives hope to those who have been abused or who work with those who have . God had his hand on Dorie and brought her full circle to a place of healing where she is now ministering to others - an amazing true story !
 My friend told me about this book and asked me to read it . This is a great testamony about what God can do to help people in the low place . Doris story realy touched my heart and it woke me up about how many people are sexyualy abuesd and what terrible exspirience this is . We , I and my friend wanted to do something about it . We wanted more people to heare Doris story , so they would be able to get some help if this had happend to them , so we transleted her book from english into Icelandic . I have heard that it helped many people here in Iceland to get healing from God after they read this book.Arni
 This book is unbelievably sad . I could n't put it down . It opened my eyes to the child abuse going on in the world . It shows how God can make a difference in a life .
 I knew there was something missing from the first book when I read it , because it did n't match what I heard her say years ago when she came to my church to speak . Now I know , the abuse was so difficult for her to talk about even when she wrote a book about it . Later , with the help of a trusted friend , she was able to tell the most difficult and abusive parts of her childhood experience . This what the second book is about . The most wonderful thing about Dorie , is that she is able to forgive her abusers and move on with her life . She is still able to have a successful and happy life , in spite of the horrendous abuse of her childhood . This is what so many women need to hear . With the Lord 's help , it is possible !
 I had read this book when I checked it out from the library . After reading it I knew I wanted a copy for myself . It is an excellent book and I so appreciate the timeliness of my order .
 Another great book to keep in a library of counselor and clinical journals . Having an understanding of what a patient/client is referring to when they are coming to grips with sexual abuse is important to a provider of care and support . This is one of a set of books geared toward educating the person , the counselor , as well as the general public in the harms caused by sexual abuse , but it also highlights the resilency of the person who has gone through it .
 I read `` Trouble on Titan '' around 1970 , when the Apollo program was at its apex , and the human exploration of the Solar System seemed only a short step away . My review is based on old memories , but I can still remember a mining colony on Titan and jet craft using oxygen for fuel and burning Titan 's methane atmosphere . We 've learned much since this book was written , and Titan 's atmosphere has less methane than we originally thought . However , this book was well written , and I am sure will intrigue my son as much as it intrigued his father , who is now working at NASA on the Cassini/Huygens mission to Saturn and Titan . This book has that old-style sci-fi flavor that made another world seem more like reality than fantasy . I think if you enjoyed the Lucky Starr and David Starr stories by Asimov , you will enjoy `` Trouble on Titan . ''
 Twelve years after the first review , and Cassini is there . It 's Spring on Titan , and it 's raining methane . Hydrocarbons are lying about on the surface , in pools larger than the great lakes . Just by dumb luck , the place turns out to be almost exactly how Nourse imagined it . What a piece of work is Man . Especially that one.I read it in 1960 , and could see then that it 's not really about sports-rockets -LRB- although there is a cool one -RRB- . It 's everything a `` juvenile '' could ever be , with a father-son rapprochement , East-is-East friendships that grow between opposite equals , first love , labor trouble , industrial sabotage , and a rebellion conspiracy . When I first read Heinlein later that year , I thought he suffered by comparison . I was eight at the time .
 This book offers clear , concise information on the grants , fellowships , and contests that are available to writers . They have most of the listings marked with a letter code , such as J for Journalists , which makes skipping inappropriate entries a lot faster !
 This book is invaluable . It provides contact information for countless sources of funding , it 's easy to use , and the range of grants and awards is astounding . Writers of every discipline , and from every step of their career , I think , will find something suited to their needs .
 I bought this book a few weeks ago from the Pen American Center . I 've found over 100 sources of funding that I qualify for right now and about 50 more that I qualify for later . I am really loving this book . It is designed in such a way that it 's easy to scan all listings for ones that apply to you and easy to search for specific ones as well . In the back everything is indexed several ways , making things even easier to find.The information they provide you with is comprehensive and extensive . Kudos to the editor and researcher!If you 're a writer , be it fiction , plays , journalistic , non-fiction , whatever , this book is a great resource for you .
 What can I say about this book that has n't already been said ? It 's an invaluable resource for both published and non-published writers alike . The only complaint I have is that I would have liked to have seen a CN designation for `` Creative Non-Fiction . ''
 A bit outdated but full of very useful information , including writing contests , govt grants , overseas residencies , writers colonies and a few other programs.I found 6-12 very good items in this book and there were a choice of about 300 -LRB- i.e. about half are for magazine contests -RRB- .
 Dear Sirs
 Whales in the dreams of children , whale spirituality , whale sex and whale governance are all things we 'll not likely get from scientific researchers for decades , perhaps a century or two . That is one reason the new book by Mary Getten , a Naturalist specializing in the wildlife of the San Juan Islands and a practicing animal communicator is so brilliant . This is not for folks who think that actual communication with whales -LRB- or other critters -RRB- is impossible . Those folks are probably the same people who get angry at their dogs for not doing what they are told.Mary herself was once a skeptic , as she relates in `` Communicating with Orcas
 This book is one of the most profound and wonderful books I have ever had the pleasure of reading ! It 's a beautiful true story that tells of two animal communicators , Mary and her good friend Raphaela , and their conversations with Granny . Granny is a 92 -LRB- est. -RRB- year-old orca who lives in the Pacific Northwest with her family , J Pod . During Mary and Raphaela 's time conversing with Granny , they question her on many aspects of orca life from finding food to orca spirituality . Granny relays a very important message to the human race in this book . A message that MUST NOT be overlooked ! This book should be read and emabraced by all . Granny 's words certainly opened my eyes and made me see things in a different light . Open your mind and your heart . Read this book !
 When I first picked up the book , Communicating with Orcas by Mary Getten , I was mildly interested in learning about Orca whales . After reading the first few pages I found that I could not put this book down until I had finished reading it . This book is awesome , entertaining , witty , and written from a totally unique whale 's perspective which can not help but captivate you . Communicating with Orcas is skillfully presented to communicate points that Granny wishes to make about the life of whales , her profound observations of the human race , and the essential roll that the whales play in raising the consciousness of the earth . Before reading this book , I would never have entertained the idea that communication with a whale or any other animal for that matter could indeed be possible . One has to be able to accept that things do exist that are not readily proven or explained by Newtonian scientific theories . The insight provided in this book will truly astound you . Many past cultures had a closeness to nature that has been lost in today 's world . This book takes a refreshing step back into what was and is still possible if we are open to believing
 This is well worth the read if only to gain information about the pods of Orcas that are resident around the San Juan Islands . But well beyond that , whether or not one accepts the author 's ability to communicate with the orcas , what she relates about the wisdom of whales -LRB- primarily Granny , the 90 + year old leader of J pod -RRB- is a wake-up call for humanity .
 Whale naturalist and animal communicator Mary Getten goes beyond what other research has achieved in the way of whale study and communication processes
 I found this book amazing . I 'm from Michigan and we `` Michiganders '' tend to think about lakes not oceans . This book opened my eyes to a new way of thinking about the world . It also made me start to think about the oceans creatures in more than just a `` far away '' way . If you do believe in animal communiation you will find this book to be a wonderfully different type of perspective . If you think animal communication is a `` bunch of nonsense '' this book may seem really strange to you , but it also makes you start to think `` What if the whales do think , What if other animals think , what would they think of us and our running , running rather than enjoying and loving life '' I highly recommend this book to all !!
 I LOVED Mary Getten 's book `` Communicating with Orcas '' . I could n't put it down . Reading it , my sense of life 's inter-connectedness was profoundly deepened . After I read this book I looked at all life with new eyes and a new heart.I was touched by Getten 's love and respect for the Orcas and her courage to share this information with the world . I mean , where else are you going to learn about , among other things , whale sex from their perspective !!!? Her conversations with Granny made me laugh at times , cry at others . They changed me.I have given this book as a gift to several friends and find myself lending out my copy frequently . Reading this book fosters a new reverence for life . Sharing this book with others is one way I work to bring healing to the earth .
 i guess there are still come people out there who feel that telepathic communication with animals is impossible . They must not live with pets ! I live with 3 dogs and i KNOW we communicate . One thing that is great about this book is that Mary Getten is a scientist , and brings that objectivity to her studies of the orcas . She enlists another communicator , Raphaela Pope , so that they can confirm each other 's information . I found this book to be a very well-rounded piece of scientific journalism , they interviewed their subjects on many different topics to present an in-depth view of life from a whales 's perpective . I have n't spent much time with whales but this book was a great introduction , probably the best !!
 The book came within 5 days Yeah !!! It was in perfect condition . This is a great read !
 Hearing straight from the whales . . who knew !! How refreshing to hear the whales speak through Mary Getten . This book is informative , funny , insightful and filled with the kind of respect all the sentient beings deserve . Her book is a glimpse of how well Mary `` listens `` not only to the cetaceans but all her animal clients . It 's heartfelt and honest.Mary 's encounters had me steeped in the experience . . It was as if I was right there.I could feel the whales on every page and it made me cry.If you love whales this will take you straight into their world !!! What a great ride !! Thank God people are finally waking up to the truth about communicating with animals . . It 's about time . . they have so much to teach us . . certainly we ca n't be that arrogant !!!
 This book contains some 25 chapters of a woman and a female Orca communicating telepathically . It changed my entire perspective on animal intelligence , and opened me to greater human possibilities that I had been denying but now know are possible.So dont listen to the nay-sayers . Pick up this book and decide for yourself what you really think about this phenomenon.George Denniston MD
 Jill Malter gives a terrible review to any book that dares to say , even in the most timid way , that the Palestinians might have the teeniest bit of a point . The pattern suggests that this is her automatic reaction to any book that does not agree with her prejudices . So please disregard her reviews ; they are biased in the extreme .
 I surft on this book out of mild curiosity . But reviews like the three posted here convince me that the book must be well worth reading . So I 'm buying it . Thanks , team ! -LRB- I apologize for the 5 stars , since I have n't read it yet . But the program would n't let me post this comment without a rating . I 'll get back to y' all when I 'm finisht reading the book . -RRB-
 This is , all-around , a pretty good lawn book . However , there are a few cases where the advice is a little outdated given the latest research on the subject.One is the subject of using a mulching mower ; research has shown that using a mulching mower does not contribute significantly to thatch buildup . Finely chopped grass clippings from lawn grasses decompose very rapidly . I guess you might get in trouble if you have lots of aggressive weed grasses that grow extremely rapidly , leaving much larger amounts of grass clippings . It is also possible that using a non-mulching mower could get you in trouble ; it sounds like Mr. Baker might be using a reel mower , which does n't pulverize the leaves . The research that I have seen studied the effects of using a mulching mower on lawn grass only , so if you have loads of tall weed grasses , or are using a non-mulching mower , you might have trouble.Another is the subject of aeration . From what I have read , spike aeration -LRB- Mr. Baker recommends the use of those spike aerator sandal things -RRB- is not very effective . Core aeration , which is admittedly more difficult and expensive , is what gets the best results , and is actually effective at controlling thatch.Here is one of the many pages on these subjects :[ ... -RSB-
 I bought this book as a present . They loved it . It was in perfect condiotion . This is one terrific backpack . Trust worthy seller . Will buy from again .
 This book is a godsend for the layperson . It contains many straight-forward and informative chapters regarding all aspects of lawn care from starting from scratch to rejuvenating a tired lawn and everything in between . Very easily read and understood . I recommend this book highly to anyone interested in a great lawn .
 After reading through this book twice , highlighting various tips and tidbits , I realized that I could n't put it all together into one organized plan . So I went through the book a third time , taking notes , and trying to categorize the author 's advice . Guess what ? It 's not possible . This how-to book IS very disorganized , and worse , internally inconsistent . However , I concluded that if I just took a stab at using parts of his advice , formulas , when-to 's , etc. , that my lawn would probably improve . It did . No question . I like the fact that his methods are easy and inexpensive . I got much better results than I did with my previous 6x/year TrueGreen lawn service for $ 250 . If you 're interested in understanding what your lawn wants , this book has the advice if you 're willing to sift through the disorganization .
 I bought this book for my husband . He follows it faithfully , and you can see the results in our yard . We have the most beautiful , lush grass in the neighborhood - which seems to be a miracle , since our yard was an overgrown field just two years ago . Jerry Baker provides simple ways to establish and maintain your lawn . I also appreciate the fact that we do not have to go to a gardening store to find the items recommended in his book .
 This book is not a detailed lawn program for lawn care . It is more or less a collection of articles and tips on lawn care . I certainly found many useful tips and helpful advice as I read through the book . However , in reading it front to back you will find that Mr. Baker differs in some small details from one presentation to the next , but his overall conception of what goes into a good lawn remains quite consistent throughout.Mr . Baker offers several of his famous tonics that I look forward to trying . Some of the advice seems a tad dated - he talks about buying things from Brookstone that are n't offered on their website anymore and he does n't mention his own website www.jerrybaker.com that does offer many of them and more.The book discusses different types of grass and weeds , but does n't offer much in the way of pictures . There are books that do and I find the pictures of the weeds very helpful in identifying them . But this book does offer state-by-state help on certain things and resources you can tap to get more information - very helpful.This book is certainly worthy the price I paid for it and I like the tips I picked up . It is n't perfect , but deserves a place on your shelf .
 I have never enjoyed caring for my lawn before . This book makes it fun , the results are gratifying . If you love being outdoors and tinkering in the yard and garden -- this is the formula .
 Jerry shows you very simple and inexpensive ways to improve your lawn and garden . Though some of the items he uses , mostly household products , seem starange at first ; the results are OUTSTANDING ... . We no have the best looking lawn in the entire neighborhood.I am not letting my neighbors know about this one : -RRB-
 I 've read so many lawn books that beat around the bush -LRB- no pun intended ! -RRB- This book has the simple , and effective techniques clearly spelled-out . And it 's entertaining , too . Highly recommended for anyone who has a problem lawn -LRB- like mine USED to be -RRB- .
 This summer we had a lot of extremely hot days here near Chicago . The book explained how to make the best of the hot days to save my lawn . Got to say they worked . Wish you could see my lawn now , it looks great .
 What a wonderful book ! As an interested layperson with no background in philosophy or ethics , I 've been trying to answer the question `` What , exactly , does it mean to live a moral -LRB- Christian -RRB- life ? '' . While this clear and highly readable book is n't meant to give superficially pat answers of the Chicken-Soup-for-the-Soul genre , its thorough explaination and assessment of the dramatic changes of thought of one of the most influential Christian theologians of our time allowed me to understand why Roman Cathohlics currently believe what they -LRB- we -RRB- beieve and how they got there . This book , while not taking sides , gave me the background to think more productively and clearly about my question .
 An excellent work on one town 's experience in the Holocaust . It contains an excellent array of documents from the time , hidden at great risk by the inhabitants . This book should dissuade any reader of the notion that the Jews of Europe did not fight back .
 This over-sized 255 page volume is based a November 1991 through October 1999 U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum exhibit on the experiences of Kovno Ghetto residents during World War II , as they secretly photographed and artistically recorded them.In addition , the volume contains many images of Ghetto work documents and other Nazi-issued papers , and even the luggage tags of Jews transported from Germany and Austria for murder at `` Fort IX , '' a fortification built near Kovno specifically to murder Jews , which executions began on June 24 , 25 , and 27 , 1941 , following the Nazi invasion of Lithuania.On October 28 , 1941 , the Germans separated 30,000 Jews from the square in Kovno , those to the left survived at least temporarily , and those to the right , were immediately marked for brutalization and ultimate death . for the time being , 20,000 remained . Everyone left lost a family member , and mourning set upon the community.Needless to say , their lot was not easy , and most ultimately succumbed.This is a valuable testament to horrors suffered in the Holocaust by one community , horrors that were repeated in every other ghetto across Lithuania , Estonia , Latvia , Poland and so on.Heartbreaking . -- Alyssa A. Lappen
 This book was in my library 's Genealogy section , and you 're not allowed to take Genealogy books out of the library . But I liked it enough to sit in the library and read it , in two sittings.This a quick read , because it has loads of pictures
 Over 3000 years old , Chinese medicine is based on the Taoist holistic vision of balancing all the body harmonies . This book is a lavishly illustrated and complete guide to every aspects of this tradition . It is not a self-help book , but a guide explaining the concepts and principles and providing a detailed description of certain therapeutic exercises that everyone can use to optimise health.Part One explores the theories behind the medicine , including basic principles like Yi and Yang , the basic substances like Qi and energy flow , the meridian system , the zangfu system and the causes of disharmony.Part Two considers the Chinese approach to diagnosis , including diagnostic techniques like looking , hearing , questioning and touching , and includes an overview of the patterns of disharmony.Part Three deals with Chinese approaches to treatment , including the principles of treatment and diagnosis and specific modalities like acupuncture , herbalism , qigong and lifestyle factors such as exercise , diet and feng shui.The Further Reading section consists of bibliographies under headings like general , herbal , diet and others . A list of useful addresses in various countries is supplied and the At-A-Glance Directory is an illustrative index to finding treatments . The book concludes with a glossary and index and contains full colour illustrations and photographs .
 As a physician who is studying and doing acupuncture , I find this a good basic introduction to Traditional Chinese Medicine . It is heavily illustrated , which helps the reader to understand some very difficult concepts , which are alien to the Western mind , especially for medical personnel . I can highly recommend it for someone who is interested in becoming familiar with Acupuncture and other Traditional Chinese Medicine .
 This book was loaned to me by a fellow physician and I had a hard time giving it back . It 's a great resource for information that covers a little of everything in Chinese Medicine . I practice acupuncture and have found much of the information useful for preparing lectures , not only for the general public , but for other physicians as well . It 's a versatile book good not only for it 's comprehensive content , but also as a coffee table book as the illustrations are great . Would heartily recommend it to anyone interested in understanding the vast offerings of Chinese Medicine .
 My partner is a Chinese Medicine Acupuncturist and Herbalist . Her basic education took 5 years to complete . Five years later , she still takes many supplementary courses each year to continue her education . Most of her free time is spend with distance learning courses or reaching herbs . Chinese Medicine is vast and deep . A 5 year basic study is not nearly enough time to understand this medicine . In Chinese Medicine , they say even a lifetime is not long enough to understand this medicine . Thankfully for the lay person we have this book!I personally own 2 copies of this book . One I have at home , the other is in our Chinese Medicine office . Many of our patients have purchased their own copy of this book after reading our office copy.The Complete Illustrated Guide to Chinese Medicine is the best book that I have read to understand what my partner practices . I have read other books , likeThe Web That Has No Weaver
 This is an excellent book to have as a reference fo eastern methodologies in medicine and healing . Unfortunately it is long out of print , but if you can get your hands on a copy of this text , you will not be dissappointed . In fact , if you are unhappy with it , I will be happy to purchase it from you as I have many peers that would happily use it .
 By this I mean that the illustrations are beautiful , sure , but that they show so much . Color illustrations on every page
 As someone who has been practicing Chinese Medicine for 16 years in San Diego -LRB- www.bodymindwellnesscenter.com -RRB- , I find this book an excellent resource for anyone who wants and in dept primer into the theoretical basis and practical application of a system of medicine that originates in the Chinese philosophy that emphasizes the natural balance found in Nature and agriculture .
 This book is great . It is very informative . It is easy to read and understand and has alot of pictures . i would recommend this book for any one wanting to learn about Chinese Medicine .
 Concise and clear introduction to Chinese Medicine . Easy to read and understand .
 I wanted a book that could give me a guide to Chinese Medicine that would help me understand what it is and how it linked with the things I have picked up in my life . Thank you for the author and producers of this book for going a long way to helping me achieve a basic and fundamental understanding of the subject.There may well be other books on the topic of equal merit , I simply have read few.In Love and Light
 emsl this was a great book to have as a reference for a practitioner . with that low price you ca n't beat it
 If you are a pilot and or sailor I would reccommend it highly . It was intriguing since the novel was action packed with various twists and turns and a touch of reality . I am a pilot and a sailor and his depiction of both activities was refreshing . Also , if you have travelled the Caribbean as I have you ; you will find that the author captures the essence of them and brings back vivid memories . The story covers many areas such as Romance , Mystery , Suspense , Action , and Adventure .
 How the world has changed since Harvey Cox argued that there is an inevitable and inexorable process of global secularization which is leading to a total separation of the political and religious . Cox 's argument was that urbanization and secularization go together , and that they empty the world of mythic and traditional religious power.Today forty years after the publication of his book the world is in the midst of a global struggle in which the forces of Western democratic society are pitted against a radical Islamic revivalist fundamentalism . Moreover within the realms of other religions including Christianity there has been a kind of ` return to religion ' which was certainly not dreamnt of in Cox analysis . He did not have a clue in regard to the Evangelical revival in the United States , and the prominent place it would come to play , -LRB- Perhaps unprecedented place -RRB- in American politics.This does not make Cox 's analysis wrong for his time . Nor was he mistaken in seeing the important trend to secularization . He only made the mistake most of us make of seeing the past and future of what seemed to him the predominant and irreversible trend of his time.But History and the development of Mankind have a way of surprising us all.As a footnote I would say that the one area of the world in which Cox analysis does seem to be largely correct today is Europe . ` Post-Christian Europe ' however does not seem the apogee of human enlightentment , the wave of the future . Rather it seems more a declining island already invaded by those kind of ` religious forces it expelled as Christian and is receiving as Muslim ' . Irony of ironies , that the very heart of the ` secular city ' today seems as if it will in a matter of generations take a great fall into backwardness . But again this is an aside , and I would instead make the more general caveat , that no one should fall so readily into the underlying assumption of Cox 's analysis i.e. that there is a predominant historical trend for the future which we can clearly discern.Wisdom and humility would suggest that we rely more on our powers of future observation than of extrapolation from the Past .
 It was encouraging to find a book dedicated solely to the Audi Quattro in the first place -- but then reading and looking at the photos inside encouraged me to write my brief words of praise here . And just wait until you see some of the older Quattros pictured in this book ... The Audi Quattro has finally been given the time in research and documentation that VWs have had for years , and now , hopefully , we will see more interest taken and given within the auto restoration world in these fun-to-drive and collectible cars . Now if Meredith would just turn his talents to the Saab 900 ... -LRB- or has he and I simply do n't know !?! -RRB-
 A good book for Audi owners , and fans in general.The book dose n't just focus on the quattro itself , but the surrounding models as well.Not too much of a technical book , but more of an enthusiasts read .
 Kerri is a genius at her craft , not only am I getting an informative overview of the world 's natural wonders , but I 'm also learning how to use metrics ! The design of this book is great as well . Love , love , love it !
 A friend gave me this book a couple of years ago and I find that I return to it again and again . It is a series of 365 short meditations on being in relationship with God . The meditations can be , at times , astoundingly difficult to understand . But every now and then one pops out that is so perfect I am convinced that this crazy Spanish mystic must have been on to something.If you are trying to deepen your relationship with the Divine , do yourself a favor
 If sometimes the meaning is inaccessible the emotion and spirit is not . Here there is a strong mission-minded and mystical insight into the reflections of one of the great minds of medieval Christianity . Llull , who is known as a missionary , poet , novelist , mystic , philosopher , father and husband , and even perhaps an alchemist , strongly connects tribulation-suffering with the greater experience of God 's love . A challenging message .
 This is 1 of da bst books dat i have EVER read ! @ my school , we are doing a play on this & im playin Mary-Lynette . i cant wait 2 get to the last chapters when they finally give in 2 each other ! Gr8 books !
 first of all i thought that this was one of lj smith 's best books she has written adn also the funniest . i love all the characters but my fave one in the book is Ash . he 's really a hottie and a babe i just love him 4 trying 2 be real . so far ash and thierry are my 2 most fave male characters in the night world series . anyways this book is about 3 sisters who are fugitives from the night world trying to live normal lives with humans but finding out that theyre brother Ash wants them back home . and meets up with mary - lynnette who turns out to be his soulmate but doesnt want it as much as she doesnt want it either . anyways i thought Ash was a much better character in daughters of darkness than in secret vampire i thought he acted like a jerk in the 1st night wortld book . it tells me that he has gotten better and that not all humans are bad to live by . i would love to have a guy like Ash for a bf . he 's a total babe . funny 2 . well g2g also if anyone is waiting for strange fate 2 come out it wont be coming out til 2004 .
 The plot and characters are incredible . Everyone that likes the supernatural should read this book , and all the other Night World books . I think I 'm in love with Ash !
 This book is O.K , even though it does n't match The Chosen . Ash is so much better than he was in # 1 , even though you can tell he has n't really had a personality makeover . I loved the bit where Mary-Lynette is taking STRIPS off him for patronizing Jeremy , and he suddenly screams '' For G-d 's sake , do n't patronize me ! '' G-d , he 's cute -LRB- Quinn 's cuter though , thank G-d she mentions him ! -RRB- Please E-mail me - honestly - if you want to talk about Lisa 's ADORABLE characters -LRB- male or female -RRB- . By now , Natalya
 The plot , setting , mood and atmosphere in Daughters of Darkness was very potential . Ms. Smith developed the characters very well . The only improvement for this book should be the style and wording of the text . Even though L.J. Smith describes her characters well , she tends to repeat things more than necessary . It is good to remind the readers what a charater looks and acts like , but it seems that every other page she repeated the same thing or switched the characters in the content like she could not think of anything else to say .
 This book is the best book I 've ever read -LRB- and I 've read ALOT of books ! -RRB- in my entire life . It 's so real . If I had one wish , it 'd be to meet these people . Ash is ... amazing , and I really admire Mary Lynnette 's strength . It 'd be interesting -LRB- if scary -RRB- if the Night World were real .
 This is the second book of hers I have read , and I didnt want it to end !! Ash is a well written character , so is Jeremy !! Like the others I have read I think this would make a pretty fair movie !! This is an absolute must read !!
 Hey every one how did you like this book . It was the best book I have ever read of the L.J Smith .
 This is my favorite out of all the Night World books I love how Mary-Lynnette and Ash did n't get along at first i thought it was funny and cute . I recommend this bok to anyone It is really a must reader . Ciao All , Sky
 Though the plot is much like that of Pride and Prejudice , this book has a real feeling and flow that the rest of the Night World books ca n't compare with . There is a depth of character in both Mary-Lynnette , Ash , his sisters and Mark that L.J. Smith can usually only spin in the three books of her earlier trilogies . The departure of Ash at the end of the book has left me , now more than a year later , still anticipating his return , and the furthering of the relationship between him and Mary-Lynnette . The characters seemed more down-to-earth and more easy to identify with , as the author did n't go into the somewhat fascinating but still pointless and shallow descriptions of every physical characteristic of the characters . Mary-Lynnette seemed a truly real girl , with dreams of her career in astronomy and her share of problems . Ash , although made a spectacle of with his good looks in the first novel of the Night World , was intelligent and portrayed well . I wish that Ms. Smith had chosen to chronicle this book into an entire trilogy as she has in the past ; I would have found Mary-Lynnette and Ash even more enthralling if we had seen their development over the course of a longer period .
 This is the all time best book . She mentoins in the book how anyone can be a vampire , who knows . Well anyway I like the idea of having one soulmate and one crazed werewolf crush . P.S I think that it is a good twist on the story about how anone can be part of the night world .
 I trust every girl is now inlove with Ash ?? We ll I sure am cause he is gorgeous and his eyes ... ????? Heaven . Ok now this book was well written I like that it included love springing between other characters -LRB- Mark and Jade -RRB- The part I LOVED was when Ash was leaving and was saying he wanted to become human and everything that was so ... romantic.he wanted to become something he has always hated in order to be with her ... -LRB- email for chats -RRB- Who has irc ?? Cause we have to make a channel for all us soulmate wanters !!!
 I have read just about everything L.J. Smith has ever written . It all started when a friend of mine gave me The Strange Power - Vol . 1 of my favorate L.J. trilogy entitled Dark Visions and I loved it ! I read everything I could get my hands on by her !! Before I discovered these books I never read anything due to sheer boredom . Now I feel that these books have helped me immensly ! Anyway , I really should get on to my comments concerning the book . Daughters Of Darkness is really one of the best Night World books of all . It is sweet , suspenseful , and well written all in one great package . Unfortunetly , though these book literally melt my heart , I am afriad I will never find a man worthy of my all time favorate L.J. Smith badboys such as Ash -LRB- Daughters of Darkness -RRB- , Gabriel -LRB- mmm . . oh ! um Dark Visions -RRB- , Nick -LRB- Secret Circle -RRB- , and Quinn -LRB- short but sweet ... from The Chosen -RRB- . Oh well !! Anyhow read the books , people !! Then you 'll know what I 'm talking about !! OK !!???
 This is the best book L.J. has written , and I 've read all seven -LRB- they 're all good -RRB- . I 'm still waiting for Black Dawn to come out . Mary-Lynnette and Ash are so realistic , besides that he 's a vampire . My favorite part is when Mare keeps kicking him in the shins . It 's funny , because it also tells us -LRB- this is what I interpreted -RRB- that it does n't matter what race you are , it matters whats on the inside . Afterall , like Jade says , `` You ca n't be soulmates with vermin ! & quot
 Set in Briar Creek , Oregon , `` Daughters of Darkness '' primarily follows 17-year-old Mary-Lynnette Carter , though the book is supposedly about her new neighbors , three vampire sisters
 I 'm sorry , but I just find the way Mary Lennette treats Ash to be just hillarious . Mary Lennette is like a Nancy Drew . Ok , actually I never liked the Nancy Drew series and never read them , but the book kind of starts out with a mystery like that . She 's just a character who if Iknew her in person , I 'd probably like her . She 's smart , and stands pretty much up for what she believes in and really does care for people . She 's just totally not the person I could ever picture Ash with . I still can giggle at that part where she realizes he can see more in the dark and without thinking just shines the flashlight into his eyes . She discovers horribly diliated pupils , and Ash is just screaming out in pain . Then , right after that she asks him to tell her how many stars he can see , and he 's just like `` None . I 'm blind ! '' I do n't know , maybe the way I said it is n't that funny , but I thought it was hillarious . Ash is hillarious with his little side comments and he 's simply a very interesting character . It took me awhile to get myself to finally buy it , but its definetly a good read .
 Daughters of Darkness , the second book in LJ Smith 's Night World series , is probably the best book in the series.Mary-Lynette is the intellectual heroine in this book . She 's a human obsessed with astromomy who 's stumbled across a strange , supernatural secret about the new girls next door . Rowan , Kestrel , and Jade are beautiful vampire sisters who have escaped from their strict home across the country . Mary Lynette and her brother , Mark , become quick friends with the sisters , but someone does n't want them to live in harmony.And then there 's the slight problem that the girls ' brother , Ash -LRB- who appeared in the first Night World book , Secret Vampire -RRB- , who has come to bring his sisters back . Ash is icy cold and ruthless , but Mary Lynette might just be the person to melt his heart.This book is so awesome that you wo n't want to put it down until you 've finished . But I would definitely recommend reading the Night World series in order , since the characters reappear and the events link together , so if you have n't read Secret Vampire yet , do that first . But if you have , definitely read this book !
 This is the best book out of the Night World series . At first , in the first book , u think Ash is the bad guy , but that opinion totally goes out the window when u read this book . -LRB- The same thing w / Quinn , but that 's another book -RRB- I have all the Night World books and love them all . I 've read them all over and over , but this is my fav . I can totally relate w / the feeling of longing Mary-Lynette felt at the beginning , and like her , I am looking for someone to share the night w / -LRB- even though i know only a little about astronomy -RRB- Ash is definantly a character . He 's strong-willed , and has a smart mouth , but is vulnerable like a hurt child underneath it all . There needs to be another book that continues the story of Ash , Mary-Lynette , Mark and the sisters . Ash had small parts in Dark Angel -LRB- when he got Gillian out of that club Angel lured her in -RRB- and in Soulmates -LRB- when he was in Circle Daybreak when he met Hannah and told her about his soulmate . -RRB- If you have n't read this one yet , it is a must read . I beleive in soulmates and it makes me wish for mine even more If only the Night World really existed ... but oh well . I hope you bring in Mary-Lynette and Ash again , I would really like to know the outcome .
 Ca n't believe I have never reviewed this book before . First read this back when I was 13 . Like a lot of girls wanting the mysterious boyfriend and believed in soul-mates which drug me into these books . Rereading it over time years later still stands the test of time for me . Ash is that bad boy you want and your parents want you to stay away from even though he seems like a jerk there is just something about him that make you wan na root for him .
 I loved the first book . the secondone I read in a day . I could not put it down . Ash really suprised me
 Let me start by saying that this was a great book like a lot of other Smith fans do hope that this book does have a sequel because i really really what to know what happens with Ash and Mary . I have read all the Night World book up to Witchlight , and for those of u how are tired of the soulmate principal then do n't read the books ! This is my fav book out of the N.W. series , -LRB- along with Soulmate -RRB- but i hope that Ma ` lin changes her mind and desides to become a vampire . anyway if u people like romace , action , and humor then read this book . end
 This has got to be one of my favorite books of the series and I have all of them but one . Mary-Lynette is one of my favorite characters in the series . I love the whole idea of vampires , witches , and shapeshifters existing . I love looking at the stars like she does . If you enjoy this book , you HAVE to read the other books in the series .
 This has got to be the best book I have ever read in my entire life . I thought it was really different how Mary-Lynette and Ash tried to ignore the fact that they were soulmates , and it made the story much more interesting to read . Personally , I never would have guessed that it was Jeremy who had killed the girls aunt 'cause he seemed like a relly nice guy , but I guess you should never judge a book by its cover . I really wish that there was a sequel to this book 'cause I really want to find out what happens with Ash and Mary-Lynette . This is definately the best Night World book - although they are all excellent . ~ Mary
 I loved this book so much ! I could n't put it down for a minute . I 've read almost all of the Nightworld series , but this by far is the best . The humor and the romance that brings Ash and Mary-Lynette together is great . The ending was kind of sad though . I would definitely read any sequels to this book . I hope that there is one . For those people who think the soulmate principle is getting old , I disagree . The author should keep the theory , but add a few new twists or plots to provide conflict and interest .
 This was the first book that I read in the series and I loved it ! I 've read it about ten times . It 's such a great book . I like how Ash is suddenly turned into a complete sap after meeting his Mary-Lynette . Did anyone notice that in the other two appearances that he made -LRB- in Dark Angel and Soulmate -RRB- , he talks about his soulmate ? Just something to think about .
 This book beats all other books printed in the age of humanity . I love the fact that she made Ash sound so sweet , even tough in the book Secret Vampire he sounded like a meany . She makes them sound so real I 'm looking for people with black flowers on an item of their clothing . I 'm actually looking for vampies !
 I usually hate teenage romance books , but this book is great . I love the transition the characters go through and the romance . This is my favorite Night World beacuase of its characters and sitiuations . She mixes charm , romance , and humor . This book feels like real , even though it is horror , which makes you wonder . My favorite line in the book is `` This is a paranormal disaster area ! ''
 This book was outstanding ! I could n't put it down for a second ! I could really understand and identify with the characters . I love how it all leads up to something , and the irony is great .
 This book was outstanding ! I could n't put it down for a second ! I could really understand and identify with the characters . I love how it all leads up to something , and the irony is great .
 I have read all of the Night world series up to number 9 -LRB- 10 is n't out yet -RRB- and i really did like this one the best . I liked the rivalry between Ash and Jeremy , but do n't think it should really be that severe . How could the two races get along , even if the vamps were more powerful , or the wolves are stupid ? I have to admit the only corny part is the fact that the two pairs of soulmates are related . I just really liked this book , and think it is the best yet . I do want to see what happens to all of them later on , like say at the begining of the the battle to save the world . I just want to come back to see that Mary-Linnette and Mark are vamps , etc. .
 I just loved this book , like tons of other people . It was a perfect match-up : Mary-Lynette and Ash . Jade and MArk . Very cool !! I liked Kestrel the best and wished she could be featured in her own book . I like the family history and all that . L.J has really thought all this out it seems . I also the like the plot and clonficts and how it 's rexolved . I am glad that Mary-Lynette is going to do her own thing for the time being . I do reasllly want to know what happens with them though .
 I asked my sister one day to go and buy all the L.J SMITH titles I do n't have.She is my favorite author because she is original and her books are spellbinding.Anyways , I got the NIGHT WORLD books . I read THE SECRET VAMPIRE and I really loved it . Then I read DAUGHTHERS OF DARKNESS and loved it more . I am a hopeless romantic and I love stories about adventure and death . I like the way she mixes both of them together without going overboard . She is my favorite author but I really wish that she could make her books come out monthly.And I wish that she could include other stories besides the soulmate principal . Like maybe a vampire killer as the main character.A totally wicked character that loves to kill . Maybe she could bring us what she feels goes through a killer 's mind . There 's a lot of other ways she could make us love her books , maybe if she described the NIGHT WORLD more . Maybe stopping and making the females a lot stronger instead of pitiful weaklings . Maybe they should be open-minded about becoming a vampire.Anyways , she 's my favorite author and I love her books .
 It was dangerously funny . It mixed love in horror in a way Ithought never possible . I LOVE the character Ash . Actually , all thecharacters were facinating with a touch of there own . I hate the books that all the characters have the same , identical personalities to the point you 're about to throw-up and this was not one of them , . My favorate part was when the sisters are hissing at Ash and Mary-Lynnette goes right up to him and kicks him in the shin and she descrides that her brother stared at her as if she had just stripped down naked and started to dance the Tango . END
 I was sceptical about this book at first , I had never read L. J. Smith before , but my friend told me to read it and let me borrow her 's . It was soo good . That was about a year ago . I have now read up to Black Dawn in the Night World series , and ca n't wait for more . I recomended these books to my other friends and they loved them too . I recomend ANY L. J. Smith books to anyone .
 I was sceptical about this book at first , I had never read L. J. Smith before , but my friend told me to read it and let me borrow her 's . It was soo good . That was about a year ago . I have now read up to Black Dawn in the Night World series , and ca n't wait for more . I recomended these books to my other friends and they loved them too . I recomend ANY L. J. Smith books to anyone .
 Daughters of Darkness is the best yet !! I happened to pick it up by mistake in the Library and I Got hooked right away ! I must have read it 50 times !! I loved the way Ash Tried to protect her from Jermey but she saved herself . I really hope there 's another book on those two !
 Excellent . The best pair of soulmates yet . Ash is LJ Smith , s sexiest character .
 If I could , I would rate this book an 11 . It was L. J. Smith 's best ever . I have read up to Black Dawn and ca n't wait for the next
 I just re-read Daughters of Darkness for about the 100th time and I just enjoy it more every time I read it . It has everything that you could want and more . Just one questionAre Mary-Lynnette and Ash ever going to find happiness together or will they be forced to spend their lives apart , longing for the one person who can make their life complete?To find out keep reading !!
 I 've ready all the Night World books up to date , and this , I must say , is my favorite . All the characters are so realistic ! They 're people I can relate to and want to meet.Happy reading and happy hunting
 I totally love Ash ... but as for the rest of the book . . it was ok ... there was a false clue in the book about who the bad guy really was ... the one about the short blunt sticks ... and also the whole vampire thing sounded like a wannabe christopher pike thing ... especially the whole idea about `` forgetting '' ... anyway ... i love ash and i 'd definitely read it again just to read about his character ... i love all these misunderstood guys ...
 i really liked this book although it 's only the second nightworld book i 've read ... it is really interesting and it 's definitely worth reading !!! i 'm wondering why it 's so hard to find this series in Singapore .
 This was my favorite book until I read Huntress . It 's so good . All of the characters are so well written . Ash is divine ! M P & M M A.
 Oh , gosh , Im in love with Ash ! Pick me , Ash , please ? Mary-Linnette didnt like you the way you were anyway ...
 I have loved all the Night World series , and this is another great installation ! I loved Ash so much in this book . The entire series is great , but `` Daughters of Darkness '' definitely ranks within the Top 3 of the series !
 This bok has got to be L.J. Smith 's best yet ! I could n't put it down , and Ash is the best male character she 's introduced yet !! I hope that there will be a sequel where Ash and Mary-Lynnette are reunited . THIS BOOK IS A MUST READ !!!
 This book was so amazing ! Mary-Lynnette is a character who I can really relate to , myself being obssessed with astronomy also . I loved Ash , almost as much as I do Julien from the Forbidden Game Trilogy . L.J. Smith is a terrific writer !
 I love Lisa Jane Smith 's books ! I especially like the way she carries the soulmate principle throughout all of the `` Night World '' series . I really liked this book and I think anyone who reads it will too .
 I loved this book very much!It was excellent.I absoloutly fell in love with Jeremy.He was such a sweet , nice guy.I thought it was unfair that he died.The last few times I read this book I had tears streaming down my face.I really do n't think he was crazy just misunderstood.This is a must read book . Once you pick it up you ca n't put it down .
 I loved the action part !! Also , sometimes I wished Mary-Lynette could just embrace the fact that she loves Ash ! I could fall in love with Ash myself ! haha !
 Daughters of DarknessL.J . Smith1996I continue to be surprised by how overally well-written the `` Night World '' books are , collectively . For young people in particular , they are quality fiction.Three young female vampires come to tiny Briar Creek , Oregon , to live with their also-vampire elderly aunt , but homicide is the word of the day , and curious neighbors Mark and Mary-Lynette quickly find themselves ensconced in the dangerous waters of the Night World -- and the even more unpredictable currents of love.I did n't quite like `` Daughters '' as much as `` Secret Vampire '' , the first book in the series . The tale had a bit less ... urgency ... than its predecessor , and while I did like the redemption of Ash , bad-boy blonde from the first novel , the character development was again a little underexplored . But the world-building is pleasant and well-done , without info-dumping on young readers with potentially short attention spans.Again I ca n't help but wonder what a greater length could have done for the series -- `` Daughters ' `` plot is a bit simplistic . The ending felt ... unsatisfying.But without doubt worth a read , as I will wager the entire series will be .6.8 / 10
 I have read nearly all of the books in the Night-world series , and I have to say that this one is my favourite , without a doubt ! It is Ash of course that just makes this book , he is irrestible , I became hooked on him from the very first , I guess it 's the whole ` bad-boy ' vampyre thing he 's got going on that you become addicted to him ! I started reading these books years ago , but they went out of print , I would love to get the last few if anyone has any idea how I can get them ! I would recommend these books to anyone of any age , I mean I 'm 21 now , and I still love them !
 It was this book nearly 10 years ago that made me fall in love with L.J. Smith and her writing . I have read nearly everything by her in the years after my first encounter with Daughters of Darkness , yet this book remains dear to my heart . The characters pop out of the pages and you fall in love instantly with Rowan , Jade , and Kestrel ... but you will especially fall in love with Ash . Look for Ash again in the 6th book of the series when he makes another appearance . This book is fantastic !
 LJ smith is a fantastic author who inspires others to create stories and poetry that shows their true brilliance . Daughters of Darkness has a special quality about it which induces feeling of love and adventure all at the same time . I would not be surprised if people respond well to this novel !
 I thought this story was amazing , even better than the first . I was happy to see Ash return and a lot of charecter development happen to him . He 's now one of my favriote charecters . And Mary-Lynette is definatly a strong Female charecter ! If your looking for some twisted Night World romance this is the book to read . It 's full of vampires and magic unlike ever before !
 Truthfully , I first started getting into L.J. Smith 's bookswith Vampire Diaries , but this book puts itself at the top of my listof cool books . Most of the appeal is in the way Mary-Lynette treats Ash Redfern . At first she REALLY does n't like him , but after a while she realizes he 's her soulmate , though their relationship does n't magically become all right .
 I think this book is one of the greatest of all times ! I hav n't read any other L.J. Smith 's books but out of all the books I 've read , this is the top on my list . It was romantic but funny . I hope L.j. smith goes back to the writing ... V.S. Read it !
 this book is kinda different from the other ones . why ? because there are two couples of the soulmate thing . rowan , kestrel , and jade -LRB- who finds their aunt murdered -RRB- has moved next door to mary-lynette and mark . later , ash , their brother comes along . together , the two families try and find out who has killed Aunt Opal . meanwhile jade and mark are instantly attracted and mary-lynette and ash are slowly , but strongly pulled together too , but they sort of have problems since their characters sort of clash . ne wayz , it 's really good book . read it !
 i think that this is probebly to me the best night world book i have read . My favourite characters were probebly Kestral and Ash but they were all really good characters . i think this book is a brilliont read and recomend it to any one its kind of a romantic horror . I really enjoyed this book it was the first night world book i read and now i 'm hooked so if you buy the book i hope you enjoy it .
 DAUGHTERS OF DARKNESS was the first book by L. J. Smith that Iread and I was hooked after that ! I loved the way L. J. Smithdescribed all the characters , especialy Ash , and gave them all completely different personalities . This is , by far , one of the best books I 've ever read and I ca n't wait for STRANGE FATE to come out . For anyone who is looking for another good series by L. J. Smith I suggest the Vampire Diaries and Dark Visions trilogies .
 This book was great and I just loved Ash . It should have 5 stars from everyone . And you have to read it . It was great . I did not like what happened to Jeremy but it was still the best book in the Night World series ! It keeps you reading to the end . You will not put it down . I hope you read it for your sake . So read it !!
 Jade , Kestrel , and Rowan , three vampire sisters , have left their home in secrecy . Tired of living in a society that acts as though it 's stuck in the 16th century , they decided to go live with their great-aunt . Unfortunately , she 's been staked , and they have no idea who did it . Things are further complicated when Ash , their brother , comes to take them back . Ash gets something of a shock , however - he finds his soulmate in the small town of Briar Creek , and she 's human.If you 've read the first Night world book , you 'll remember Ash . Believe it or not , he gets even better in this book . It 's hilarious watching the usually confident Ash try to figure out how to deal with the reality of having a human soulmate -LRB- one who kicks him at every opportunity -RRB- . This book is different from all the other Night World books , in that the soulmates here do not like each other and would like to find a way not to have that bond . I consider Ash to be one of the more complex characters in the series , and this book peels away a lot of the layers . Mary-Lynnette , his soulmate , is great , because she does n't just let Ash walk all over her - she talks back , and , like I said , she kicks him a lot . The mystery element of the book is pretty interesting , and I liked the three sisters , although the author does n't really go into as much depth with their characters as you might think she does from what the back of the book says . This book is less about the sisters and more about the murder , Ash , and Mary-Lynnette .
 Personally , I feel this book is the best in the Night World series , because I love the character Ash . He is such a hottie , though he has many personality flaws and actions to be ashamed of . That just makes him a more realistic character . Mary-Lynette and the rest of the characters are well thought-out also , and I hope to read about them in the future . This is my favorite series of L.J. Smith 's , because in incorporates all creatures of the night . I look forward to reading Huntress and Black Dawn , since I 've read all the other Night World books numerous times already , to indulge my fantasy craving mind . My only disappointment is that there are no shapeshifter soulmates . They must be just as intriguing as witches and vampires . And why ca n't I find Volume one of the Vampire Diaries anywhere ? That series must be out of print , though it is n't old
 Book 2 of the Night World series , Daughters of Darkness , shifts focus to a new set of characters of the secret society . Relatives of James from the first book , we meet Rowan , Kestrel , and Jade . They are three vampire sisters who snuck away from home . Tired of the secret society , they want to try to live as humans out in Oregon . They move into a dilapidated old home , next to Mark and Mary-Lynette Carter . As Jade and Mark get closer , their brother Ash comes to town to bring his sisters back . Of course , he meets Mary-Lynette and things get interesting ... Ash , the handsome blondie who we remember from the first book as being a conniving , selfish , and manipulative , experiences a bit of growth in this book . In the first book you would have never thought it would happen , but I was glad to see the character development.What I like about the Night World books is that while you could read each book separately as a stand-alone , it 's great to see prior plot lines and character weaved into the current story . It makes you feel even more connected to the story and the world.These books are short reads , but I find them pretty satisfying because the plot moves along and it focuses on what you really want to see .
 Mary-Lynnette 's wants seem simple enough . She likes her quiet life , stargazes as a hobby , bases her life around becoming an astronomer , and hopes the three new girls moving in next door with the kindly , if eccentric , Mrs. Burdock will help to bring her shy brother , Mark , out of his shell.Unfortunately , what she ends up with is a murder mystery , romance she does n't want , and oh , yeah , those three new girls are vampires with a dangerous older brother coming to drag them back home.There are a LOT of characters to focus on , as per usual with a murder mystery . We have Mary-Lynnette , Mark , the three sisters Rowan , Kestrel , and Jade , their brother Ash , and the local werewolf , Jeremy . And those are n't even the suspects . The endless supply of characters in such a short amount of pages is a little overwhelming , with so many aspects of so many characters not fully explored . But what really gets the reader , even the fans of over ten years , is the star-crossed attraction between Mary-Lynnette and Ash.It 's a bumpy road , to put it lightly . Mary-Lynnette is a simple , if nosy , human girl , while Ash is a dangerous , well-known vampire -- and not well-known in the good sense , in Mary-Lynnette 's book . Understandable ; in Secret Vampire and Daughters of Darkness it 's implied he 's killed human girls and worse . There are very subtle hints at sexual abuse toward human females that younger readers may miss , but the words are enough to paint a picture that Ash is Very Bad.Many fans complain at the ending , but it is the ending that keeps them so captivated with these two . Mary-Lynnette wants to finish high school . She ca n't see herself with Ash as he is now , knowing his past . Ash is sorry and wants to repent , by the end of the novel , but wanting is n't enough . Mary-Lynnette is dealing with a soulmate who is potentially mentally unstable , definitely cruel , and by all human means , a classified felon -LRB- if he could be traced , that is -RRB- . L.J. Smith did well in ending the story with no conclusion -LRB- which she has promised the fans would come at the end of the series for years ; ten years later and still nothing -RRB- . Ash needs room to grow in order to be someone Mary-Lynnette will not regret willingly falling in love with.This is a good book , by no means the best , but excellent for the series . It was the second book I read -LRB- no , Secret Vampire was not the first -RRB- and ultimately the one that got me hooked.Here 's to hoping the Mary-Lynnette/Ash fans get closure in the near future . Publishers , do n't keep faithful fans in suspense !
 I , LOVE this book . It is by far the best of L.J.Smiths Night World books . I can only find one flaw . No-one , and i mean no-one would just let a hunky guy like Ash just walk away ? I mean Come On ! As if . OK so what he 's done some bad things but hey , you 'll get over it . What if something happens to him while he 's away and the last thing you said was `` nice line '' . But okay that 's fine , you wan na let him go ? OK . But when do we get to find out if and when he and Mary Lynette get back together ? That 's just mean not telling us that . But besides that downfall the book was excellent and I love the way L.J.Smith described how they all turned really beautiful after they had fed . Heeheehee.Neways got ta go , hope you all enjoy/d the book as much as I did.Jess
 This is my favorite book in L.J. Smith 's uniformly excellent Night World Series . I 've read it about a million times , and it never gets tired . I love the romance between Mary Lynette and Ash . The idea of soulmates is very exciting , and the scenes between the two of them are perfect . My favorite part is when Mary Lynette quotes Pride and Prejudice and Ash responds the same way , shocking her . Sigh . If you have n't read this book , get thee to a bookstore , a library , whatever and start right away !
 In Daughters of Darkness , LJ Smith outdoes herself . Three beautiful sisters hide a deadly secret that threatens to be discovered by the inhabitants of a sleepy town . Rowan , Kestrel and Jade are on the run - from their families and from the Elders . They know that their brother Ash -LRB- James ' cousin from Secret Vampire -RRB- is seeking them and that he is bent on returning them to the boring life they have led.Two siblings chance upon their secret and find themselves befriending vampires . As they learn more about the Night World , their own lives are turned upside down by a sickening deed . Who or what is it that stalks Briar Creek?Fantastic ! I enjoyed this book immensely with its portrayal of two very different and yet similar families . The obvious difference is the species but the vampire girls have never had true freedom before while Mary-Lynette and Mark have lived their lives in a small town in the country . The similarities lie in the older sisters . Both fiercely protective of their siblings , they will do anything to keep them from harm.I loved the conflict between Ash and M'Lin , especially when they first meet . The story progressed well and unlike some stories , had a more convincing ending , rather than the sudden death of the baddie . This was one of my favourites in the series and I am still waiting anxiously for Strange Fate , which is the 10th .
 I 've read all of L.J Smiths books up until TheHuntress , which of course is n't out yet , and Ihave to say , that Daughters of Darkness wasprobably the best Night World so far . I ` mobsessed with Ash , and Mary-Lynette was just awesomeANYBODY AND EVERYBODY MUST READ THIS BOOK
 Daughters of Darkness is quite possibly the best book in the new NIGHT WORLD series by L. J. Smith . It does not just revolve around one supernatural being or one singular person , it has interesting information on the werewolves of the NIGHT WORLD and the plot line is out of sight . I own all of the books in the series -LRB- Up untill Soulmate that is -RRB- and so far Daughters of Darkness is the best one . I only hope the following books in this wonderful series are as great as this one !!
 This second book in the Night World series does not compare with the first , but is good in it 's own right . The three sisters are intriguing , and Ash , who was introduced in the first book , does a turnabout and becomes a guy any girl would want to marry . Overall , this book was very good , and for the vampire lover , a must read
 Compared to the rest of the Nightworld Series it 's on a par with The Chosen , that 's to say it 's good but it 's no Witchlight . The best thing about this one is that it centres around everyone 's favourite Bad Boy Ash . His soulmate seems like a bit of a weakling at first but you 'll soon warm to her .
 Out of all L.J.Smiths works this is one of my most highly recommended . If you have read any other books in the Night World series you will have recognized Ash -LRB- one of the main characters -RRB- , who seems to pop up in many scenes . The heroine Mary Lynette is also one of my favorite characters . During the entire novel she dos n't appear as shaken as most would after learning of the Night World , finding her soulmate vampire and befriending 3 rogue vampires . Even if this series is unrealistic what better kind of book to lose yourself in . I find the whole concept of the Night World , wild powers and soulmates fascinating , this book is worth it .
 STARNGE FATE come out already ! i 've been waiting for this book for like a millenium . ! oh yah , where was i ? DOD is a superb book and i really loved Ash and ML . they are two drastically different characters except for their love for the night and as ML says , `` basically incompatible with each other ... '' ! well , i agree with that . they 're even dif . in terms of looks and thinking . one black one white . no wonder there is so much problems circling this pair of soulmates . even on the net , i notice most of the fanfics are about ML and Ash and their * swoon * neverending love for ach other . however , they are AWFULLY insecure bout each other . i really hope Ms. Smith will write a book about them to clear up the loose ends ... . well , not a boo maybe . but a loong part in a book to let us know the final of this love tragedy ? * HOPEFUL *
 This book was the best out of the whole series . The book was pretty much about Rowan , Jade , and Kestrel , three girl vampires that just had enough of the Night World . Mary-Lynnette is a small town girl who loves to look at the stars , but has nobody to look at the stars with her . Ash is a tall , lanky , and elegant vampire that has to find his sisters and bing them back home . But of course his sisters had told Mary-Lynnette and her brother , Mark , bout the Night World . Another twist in the story is that Ash and Mary-Lynnette are soulmates . If this story could n't get anymore exciting there is a vampire killer running around town . All six of them has to figure out who this vampire killer is and stop him . Meanwhile Ash and Mary-Lynnette has to figure out what to do about each other . If you like or are obsess with vampires -LRB- Like me ! -RRB- you should read this book .
 You might have read a lot of vampire-romance novels but this one certainly rates a 10 . The story itself has a good plot and amazing characters to suit their purposes . The three sisters , Rowan , Kestrel and Jade , uncannily beatiful , are actually fugitives from Night World and their brother Ash is sent to take them home . Both male and female lead role are superb . Their roles fit them perfectly . Ash , a vampire whose whole life changed after finding his soulmate is a human and Mary-Lynette a girl with a strong character who was n't really willing to accept the fact that Ash is her soulmate . And of course ... the way the authour tells her story and the words she uses . . it 's absolutely incredible .
 this is one of my faviotites from the night wolrd series . i luv all of l.j. smiths books . they have a ceartin twist that sets them apart from all the other books neweyz ... Ash hates humans he thinks their vermin and he is loooking for his three sisters that ran away from the night world ... his three sisters -LRB- not human either -RRB- went to live with there grandmother only to find she is dead and when they bury her secretly some one is watching ... a human saw them and can not believe her eyes but her brother -LRB- also human -RRB- thinks she is imagening things ... and they come togher to try to find out who killed the grandma but at a very high priceits a very good book i recommened it ! 8P
 I thought this book was cleverly written and very enjoyable ... and I just finished it 5 minutes ago ! Very good ...
 I loved this book !!!!! Both me and my best bud Sadia agree that this is probably one of LJSmiths best books.It has everything from romance to mystery -- and even though Ash was so terrible in Secret Vampire-you cant help but fall in love with him in this . I hope that we can read more about Ash later . Also , all the girls in this book have really strong characters and you can totally relate to them . Two thumbs up !!!!!!!!
 This book is incredible . It had me hooked from the very beginning . Why does everyone always say that they 're in love with Ash ? He 's a great character , but not perfect in any way . Okay , ehough chit-chat . Read this book , I am serious . Rowan -LRB- my favorite ! -RRB- , Kestral , Jade , and Mary-Lynnette are just about the strongest female characters I have read in some time . I can find no flaw in any part of this book , and if you have n't already , READ IT !
 This is like the best book of the whole Night World series . I 've read all of them and L. J. Smith is one great author . This is my total fave of the series cuz I just luv Ash . He has to be the hottest soulmate out of the whole series followed by Thierry . There just has to be another book with Ash and Mary-Lynette . If I were her I would definitely go with Ash . Mary-Lynette and Ash are perfect for each other both are so lonely and like the stars .
 This was one of the best in the whole Night World series , in my opinion . It was interesting , and kept you hooked until the very last page ! I hope LJS writes more just like this one !
 I loved this book . It was hard to put down . Ash has a weird attitude and is into nepotism but gets out of the habit . In secret Vampire he was sort of more into himself and kind-of portrayed as the relitive that you wish you never had . But in this book he mends his ways . I really recommend this book and the rest of the series . Gurgi
 In Secret Vampire you think of Ash as the villian but in Daughters of Darkness you find out that you 're way wrong . He is simply a little too self absorbed ... but he is very , very , funny . You want to smack Mary Lyynete for not going with . I also liked Jade the twit , Kestrel the fierce , and Rowan the wise . An excelant read .
 I love all her books every single solitary series ! This was the first of her books I have ever read and it got me hooked i am buying it as soon as I can to add to my collection -LRB- I almost stole it from the library ! -RRB- There has too be a sequal just to see waht happens -LRB- I have read other NW books but all it has is him mopeing everywhere trying to be good not evil -RRB- IT IS THE BEST IF YOU DONT OWN IT GET IT ASAP LIKE ME !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This is the funniest Night World book . Ash is just so funny and has really werid things t2 say , def . the weridest night world person around . If anything , you 've got 2 read it 4 Ash .
 I just loved Daughters of Darkness !! I must of read it about 50 times , really ! It 's such a good story line you just have to read it tunes of times ! But it did n't really explain how Jeramey got there . How would he how where they were going ?
 This book is my favorite one . I 've read it eight times . All of L.J. Smith 's books are fantastic ; she 's my absolute favorite writer . Her writing style is very natural and realistic and her characters are so real , you start looking for them in real life . I fell in love with Ash , especially in how , even though he 's a fierce vampire , he 's completely helpless when it comes to Mary Lynette . Smith writes the most wonderful characters . I never liked fantasy or romance novels , but her books are a notable exception . My friends think I 'm crazy because I 'm in college and I 'm still reading YA books , but , I 'm telling you , her books are ageless !!! If you have n't read this , you 're definitely missing out !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Thought you would never ever fall in love ? So did the hero -LRB- if you can call him that -RRB- of this story . Ash does n't particularly like the idea of having to chase his little sisters across the country after they ran away from home . And when he finds them he does n't exactly love the idea that they have also told humans about the Night World , a secret society of the supernatural . Or the idea that his youngest sister is in love with a human . But what 's worse is Ash 's soulmate is a smart , beautiful human from a hick town who hates him and everything he stands for . Also , what 's worse , his great-aunt is killed with a stake meaning that somebody knew she was a vampire . All this adds up to the worst thing that can happen to a teenage boy who wants to prove that he hates humans , loves fast cars and even faster girls . This is the funniest , most ludicrous book you could ever expect to read from L.J.Smith . The characters are SOO familiar , you might expect to see them in school the next day . A must read for readers of all ages and COMEDY CENTRAL lovers .
 L J really outdid herself this time , this was undoubtedly one of the best books she has ever written . if you dont have this book , or do n't like it , there is something serouisly wrong with your head , and you need to go see a doctor ASAP !!! I love the part where Ash and Beth are walking in the woods . What they both say and do are and is soooooo roamanitic . I always wish that the night world were real !! I wish I could have a vampire soulmate , the idea of becoming a vampire is really cool , i would love to become one . I do n't know whats wrong with Beath !! You can tell Ash loves her from almost the begining . . the first time I read the book , i didnt get one part , but as u can see , i 'm not dissing the book for it ... the part where ash says `` Look ... I might as well tell you . I did n't ask for this , and if somebody had said last week that I 'd be in ... involved ... with a human , I 'd have knocked his head off . I mean , after howels of derisive laughter . But . '' I doid n't catch what he was origenally goning to say ... I 'd be in LOVE , but he paused and changed the word love to involved . so while she sat there hating him , he loved her !! How blind can a girl get !! theres a fine guy there trippin over her , and she kickes him in the shin !!! twice!oh well . what I really want it a sequel though . I am just dien wonderin what happens . the lasy part where he said goodbye was soo good . If L J ever stops writing I am going to be sooooooo sad . but in conclusion , this was one of her best books . And hey , if u know any of her fan club addresses , e-mail me . I only just discovered the wonder that is LJ Smith . I only have 4 of her books , but am ordering the rest soon . THANK Y O U ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 OK I love L.J smiths books not to mention her name because its mine to but anyway She just has to write a sequel with Ash in it I mean who wouldnt ' want to be with ash ? And If I were Mary I would want to be a vampire I think she should change her mind I mean LISA Please write a sequil I mean You already know it will be bought by how many people wanting it Oh and if you do Thank you so very much.and if anyone has information about her fan clubs could you send it to me please ?
 I am hopelessly in love with Ash Redfern.I dream at night about being Mary-Lynnette and having him as a soulmate.I read this book 2 times a week , inbetween other books I try to read.I love all LJS books and belong to several of her fan clubs.If you want the address to one of her fan clubs e-mail me .
 Man if only it were real.I am totally into this.I spend ALL my spare time reading these books.This book was very cool!I am in total love with James , Quinn , and Theirry.L.J . SMITH should make movies out of these books.I would spend any amount of money to see them.My best friend is so in love with Ash .
 Why ca n't there be guys like Nick , Julian , Gabriel and especially Ash ? I am so in love with all of them !
 Why ca n't Ash be real ? I am so in love with him . I think L.J. Smith should stop writing the Night World series . Its watered down . The only really good book was Daughters of Darkness -LRB- the Chosen was good too -RRB- I think she should stick to triologies , so we can become really attached to those characters , i.e. Julian -LRB- still not over his death -RRB- Gabriel , Nick , and Stefan . Read all of her trilogies ... even better than all her Night World stuff .
 L.J. Smith is the best author in the whole world . I read this book a year ago but I ca n't stop reading it . It is beyond sweet . I love Ash.The entire Night World seris is the bomb . I read mostly everyone of L.J Smiths book and they all are awesome . I think Ash and Mary Lynetee are one of the sweetest soulmates . I loved how they tried to fight there feelings but could n't . There should be real guys like Ash , Quinn , Juliun , Damon , Gabriel and I can go on forever . I think everyone should read at least one L.J Smith book . If you do you 'll be hooked on them for life , like I am . L.J Smith is the BEST !!!!
 I 've only read up to Soulmate of the Night World series , but sofar Ihappen to be in agreement with almost all the other reviewers
 I 'm writng again to say that this book has so many correct details , and the other books in this series are correct too . For instance , Speelbound has it right calling the Salem witch hunts the Burning Times . real witches do to . Isis is a a major person in witchcraft , and Hecate was the first witch . L.j Smith might as well be a wtich or vampire or whatever else for all the right details she has
 This book is exciting It 's a turn pager you ca n't put it down.You think one thing will happen yet it does ` nt . I think Smith did a wonderful job on this
 Ash . Ahh . Such a great guy . Mary-Lynette , she 's a little wary -LRB- At first -RRB- and then at the end loves him passionatly . Ca n't blame her . Quinn sends him to bring back Ash 's 3 sisters . Mark , Mary 's younger brother , falls in love with Jade . She 's one of the sisters along with her two older ones , Rowan and Kestrel . I 'm sure you 'll love it . I did
 We 've fallen head over heels in love with Ash ! I wish he was real , minus his feeding habits . Possibly the best book that we have read , and definitely the best Night World book so far ! Every morning we check in the mirror for any signs of fangs . So far , none have appeared . Unfortunately . If anyone knows the way to join the Night World , let us know ! We 're DYING to be part of it . Literally . If you do n't read it , then we 're sending Ash after you ! Watch out , he 's very hungry tonight!Elf and Zelia
 Three beautiful sisters -LRB- named Rowan , Kestrel and Jade Redfurn -RRB- move into Briar Creek , Oregon right next to Mark and Mary-Lynette Carter.Then , Mary-Lynette and Mark follow the sisters into the woods and discover that they are vampire fugitives from the Night World , a secret society vampires , werewolves , witches , changelings and other creatures of darkness.And Jade breakes the Night World laws by falling in love with Mark.But Rowan , Kestrel and Jade 's ruthless vampire brother , Ash Rudfurn , has been sent to take his sisters back to the island where they came from.But when he falls in love with Mary-Lynette he wants to take her into the Night World
 Not only is this an amazing book , I believe it is the best book in the series that I have read so far . I am a huge admirer of L. J. Smith , and I ca n't wait until `` Huntress '' comes out . I just started reading her books last summer . I have since then tried to read all her books and recruit my friends to get hooked . Ash and Mary-Lynnette are extremely convincing characters , as are all the characters from the book . You can really see Rowan , Kestrel , and Jade from Lisa J. 's descriptions . You can totally understand the characters , and can almost believe they are real ! READ THIS BOOK
 In my opinion , Daughters of Darkness is one of the better Night World books . I have read all of them that have been published as yet , and I am an avid fan of the whole series . Great book
 THIS IS THE MOST AWESOME BOOK !! Well almost . Every Night World book iz very qool.I 've read everyone of them at least 20 times each , and i own every one of 'em . of and for you people who think L.J.Smith is a guy , SHE is n't . Her name is Lisa Jane Smith . I suggest you go out and read every one of her books
 L.J. Smith is a fantastic writer . In her Night World series second book `` Daughters of Darkness '' deals with Vampires and Werewolves . So those of you who are into the supernatural stuff I recommend this book
 I have been a fan of L.J. Smith ever since book one of _ The Vampire Diaries _ . With each of her books you can honestly BELIEVE that what she is writing about is the truth , even if the characters are ficticious . Dughters of Darkness -LRB- as well as any Night World book or the Vampire Diaries trilogy -RRB- should be required reading for anyone who believes in Vampires -LRB- or thinks they are one * grin * -RRB- . Happy reading
 I loved this book . I liked the story line , and loved the characters . Ash is my favorite out of all the Night World characters ! He rules . If you have n't read this book yet , you HAVE to . - Kat
 This is the 1st book by L.J. Smith that I have read and it was great , I just luv the way that Ash and Mary-Lynnette fight and then all of a sudden they just seem to fall for each other ! Hey L.J. , keep up the good work !
 the book was cool !! I have almost all of L.J. Smith 's other books !! I liked the story and the characters !! I want to read The Forbidden Game and Dark Visions trilogies !!!!
 When I read Secret Vampire I thought that Ash was evil and cruel . . he actually reminds me of Julian -LRB- The Forbidden Game -RRB- , but then when I read this book I loved him !! It showed a different side of him . I read all of the other nighworld books 1-9 but they did n't say much about what happens to Ash and Mary-Lynnette , I wish L J smith would write another book involving them . . but anyway it was great ... one of my favorites !
 I like it . It was very cool to read about vampires and other legendary cratures of the night .
 i HAVE READ ALL of l.j.smith books from the secert circle to the last nightworld book and I must say I love this book because she has strong female lead charcters . I love how in the end it is a woman who is the hero . And I hope her next nightorld book strange fate will be available soon .
 this book was one of the best i have ever read - it was sobeautiful and deep yet kind of funny and amusing in it 's ownway ... The discription of all the charecters especialy Kestrel and Ash was totally cool . Just keep up the great work Fiza
 I thought that this book was probably one of my favorites out of the whole Night World series . I fell in love with Ash , and I loved how Mary-Lynette and Ash acted when they were together . I kept cracking up over some of the stuff that they said when they were arguing . Plus , i really think Mary-Lynette should have become a vampire !!! Oh and one more thing . I LOVE ASH !
 It was a terriffic book . Ash found a soulmate , Jade found a soulmate , I only wish that Mary-Lynnete had become a vampire -LRB- or the vampires could stay there -RRB- and that Jeremy had n't been killed .
 This was the first book of the nightworld series I have read , from that moment on I was hooked . L.J Smith would have to be the best writer ever . Ash in the first book is kind of a jerk , but in this one you just ca n't help but like him.If you loved this book as much as I did you will love the chosen and huntress -LRB- also amongst my fave -RRB- .
 I loved this book ! It is one of the best vampire books I have read . It starts out when Rowen , Kestrel , and Jade move into their aunts house . Mark and Mary-Lynette live next door and want to know what is going on when they hear Aunt Opal just decides to go on vacation . I think Ash sounds like a nice guy . I hate books in which the vampires are the bad guys!I recommend all the books by L. J. Smith , Amelia Atwater-Rhodes , and Tamora Pierce .
 I 've read all of the Night World books , and this is my absolute favorite !!! A must read for any LJ Smith fans !!!
 Mary-Lynette was just a normal girl that loved the night . Until she meets three vampire sisters that are fugitives from the Night World . Then she meets their brother , Ash , a true vampire . He 's come back for his sisters . Then , when he shakes hands with Mary-Lynette , he finds his soulmate , a human , which he called vermin . He wants her more than anything , and he wont leave her . He asks her if she wants to become a vampire , to go with him , but she says no . The vampires aunt had been staked when they arrived , and then a staked goat shows up on their front porch . Who staked them ? Is it a vampire hunter or a vampire ? Will Mary-Lynette go with Ash ? Or had destiny made a mistake making them soulmates?This is a wonderful book . I couldnt believe who it was that was the killer . The ending I couldnt believe either .
 I just love L.J. Smith ! well her books . Anyways Ash is my favorite character and i love this book . it 's really funny how Mary-Lynnette and Ash hate each other . and i was thinking has anyone noticed that Ash turns up for a little bit in almost every night world book ? i ca n't imagine that LJS would n't conclude their relationship and maybe ash has a bigger part in this whole thing than we think . if anyone has any ideas about it e-mail me .
 This book left me in tears for days !!!! I loved it !!! Ash is well what can I saw but that he is the Best character Smith has created -LRB- next to Julien in the Forbidden Games Seris -RRB- Mary Lynette is realistic and easy to relate to . Her bravery towards the cat like ash blond boy is amusing and gives the story a great twist . Reluctant lovers . This book has humor , suspense , and a bit of a murder mystery . Oh yah and a pincushion goat . What more could you want . Oh yeah , I 'll mention Ash again ! -LRB- ohh and I have to say that the covers of the Night world seris in Europe do the book much more justice !!! -RRB-
 I admit , the story was great . But it was also tiring . I think it needs more description about the surroundings , and the characters . I admit , it 's nice to have little soulmates wandering the world blissfully , but I was really glad that in this book , it was n't the case . But despite that nice turn of events , it does not change the fact that , well , this book tends to asume everyone likes happy endings full of love . Those endings are great , but I felt this one could have used a twist , or unusual ending . Instead of the evil vampire being reformed and changed , maybe he should leave in a rage or something like that However , I still hope you 'll read it , after all , it is entertainment .
 This is my favoret LJS book ! I just love Ash and Mary - Lynnette 's relationship . They are soulmates , yet hate it . It is so funny how they handle this situation . I hope Smith will write more about them in the up - coming NW books .
 I loved reading this book , it was so awesome . All of Lisa Jane Smith 's books are . I was first drawn to this book because it involved three awesome sisters and they were all vampires . Plus I loved their older brother Ash ! You have to read this book .
 This book was so great ! I loved and read it so many times that i will soon have to buy a new copy because my last one fell apart . I just hope that there is a follow up on this story because I want to know if Mary-Lynette and Ash get together .
 `` Daughters of Darkness '' was the first book in the Night World series that I ever read -LRB- and the second book by LJ Smith -RRB- and it just got me hooked . I think it was Ash that did it . He 's so amazingly wonderful ! -LRB- Along with Gabriel , Quinn , and Julian . -RRB- L.J. Smith is a terrific writer , and all of her books have good character development and description -LRB- especially of the guys -RRB- . Not to mention that this book was hilarious at times . I was cracking up during Mary-Lynnette 's encounters with Ash . And to think , I almost did n't read this book after I took it out of the library ! It 's a good thing I had nothing to do that day ! Read it , and any other L.J. Smith book you can get your hands on ! - LEX
 These puzzles are also called `` paint by Number '' in the Games magazines . They are totally captivating . The paper could be a little stronger as I have to erase a lot . I have not found a single error in the book and I 'm almost finished with it .
 For those who are fans of ` Paint by Numbers , ' a puzzle that has taken the world by storm over the past decade , this book does n't disappoint . Filled with lots of different art puzzles with the simplest of clues -LRB- a series of numbers -RRB- , the final result never ceases to astonish.The one nit-pick I have is that the book is small , meaning the puzzles do n't get that big either . As the puzzle has grown in popularity , so has the size of the puzzle , creating a more challenging atmosphere . These puzzles , by comparison , feel more like a beginner 's version . But they 're still fun and the results are , as usual , cool .
 The brilliant historian Richard Hofstadter was working on this book when he died in 1970 . In eight highly readable chapters he presents clear discussions of several areas of Colonial America , among them
 This is a magnificent work of historical imagination . Hofstadter 's last book , it was what was to begin a much larger , possibly three volume epic on the social conditions of America at distinctive periods in our history . And while this book is missing the fuller vision of a more articulated society , the chapters that are present are truly alive with insight and understanding of the way things probably were . Here we see the slave trade not just from a one-sided arcadia , but from every side , from the profiteers and the oppressed , from the African kings selling their nation to the early-day abolitionists mildly arguing their case . We see the white slaves too , the pains and humiliations of indentured servitude to the hearts and minds of men believing themselves at the very least a step up from inhumanity.Then there is the middle class of the pre-revolutionary colonies , filled with religious fanatics and patriotic zealots , all of them looking to make a buck . We see that this class formed the basic foundations of the nation to come and how the politicians of the day catered mostly to this hardly regal , far-reaching group of normal , everyday folks . This chapter , perhaps , gives the fullest picture of the society that was that went on to create the society we are today.And then there is a long discussion of the church and the ` Great Awakening ' that plundered through the minds of so many post-witch hunting citizens . These chapters explain the foundations that led not just to a seperation of church and state , but to the required need for religious diversity and how this principle , above all else , came to found our subsequent ideas on American freedom.A glorious , neccessary book , it makes one mourn for this already celebrated historian and wonder what might have been -LRB- and regardless of that annoying cliche , one ca n't help but think in such basic praise dialect when finishing -RRB- .
 I find it fascinating that this wonderful glimpse into our nation shortly before the American Revolution could be thought of as stuffy , boring and a waste of time . Hofstader , a brilliant and yet very human scholar , has offered us a wonderfully concise , compelling and illuminating read - a rare and precious gift to anyone wishing to examine the evolution of our nation . He has done all the work , not only allowing us to form our own conclusions from the facts rather than spoon-feeding us his unsubstantiated opinion , but has presented this vast amount of data in a breezy , very readable manner . The only explanation I could arrive at of how anyone could find this great book a waste of time is that these reviews are as much a reflection of the reviewer as the book under review.Bravo Professor Hofstader . I regret that you did not live to complete your masterpiece .
 One of History 's saddest events , I mean in the discipline of History , was the premature death of Richard Hofstader.With this book , the last he wrote , not finishing it , he also was making a turn in his writing career . Most of his previous work was analytic social history , more like sociology than what the popular mind may consider as history . Although that work was excellent and he proved himself an accomplished essayist , with this one he proves he has an excellent touch with narrative history . He can still singe right through to the heart of what makes the period studied a period that , whatever our superficial technological guises , we still live in.We have moved past slavery , which was so entrenched in American social structure in 1750 . But the persistence with which Americans pursued slavery , as if they perceived it was the only way to build a nation and a new kind of nation , one built purely on self-interest , brings the reader to realize that the nation we live in now remains built on slavery . The vast semi-middle classes and lower classes remain slaves to their debased tastes , their lives must remain empty and out of their will 's control so that their master 's , the tiny set of property and power holders , may prosper and keep building , all for their own prospering only . At the same time , the masters tell these slaves it is all done for the glory of -- back then it was `` God , '' now it is sometimes `` God '' and sometimes everyday mammon.Hofstadter also lets us see the centrality of religion in everyday American life at the same , another factor which has altered only superficially . If America continues to punish the flesh and look to some vague point in the future when God will make everything right , the precedence was there at 1750 . If now we seem to live for today , it is not in terms of fully enriching ourselves within the potentials of this world below , but only in terms of momentary indulgences to keep us preoccupied until some dim future when all will be resolved and explained . Candy and candy music are the so-called indulgences , much as prayers and verse-reading were the momentary indulgences to keep the body bearing through this world until the next appeared.Always , Hosftadter reveals , without preaching . The reader can draw the conclusions , even if Hofstadter 's brilliant supply of facts leads the careful reader to see the connections between yesterday and today . Considering this book came out four decades ago , it teaches a hard lesson , that the more America thinks it progresses , the more it becomes its same old self .
 AMERICA AT 1750
 To give you a little insight on my opinion , I was assigned to do an `` outside reading '' for my U.S. History class and I picked this out of the list of acceptable books . This book really does pack a lot of information into it for you , and it breaks up the monotony of facts and locations by throwing in little stories , examples , and quotes , which give history a little more `` personal '' feeling . The first chapter is a real snoozer , dealing mostly in population figures and growth , but it picks up from there . I also found the last few chapters on religion and the Great Awakening a little redundant , but still interesting .
 Book 2 of the Night Warriors saga and a must read!This book is about a kid that , when he falls asleep , unleashes a great monstrosity on the world . Only a group of selected individuals , who put their lives on the line , can try and save the day . When they battle , they have to battle in the world of ... dreams!Graham Masterton , a true master of horror , is one of the best horror writers out there . You will not be disappointed !
 This is about a kid who , when asleep , unleashes something horrific . part two of the night warriors , it is a brilliantly done novell and i recommend this to anyone who is a gore fanatic and masterton lover !!
 A young boy becomes the portal for a ferocious Dreambeast and the Dream Warriors show up to do battle , but first they need to find help . Second book in the Dream Warrior series is a tad familiar , but still enough fun to recommend to Masterton 's fans .
 THE BEST BOOK I READ IN YEARS
 This book is a remarkable exposition of the importance of the information-theoretical concepts in the understanding of chemical analysis , as well as a guide for practical usage of these powerfull mathematical and conceptual tools . The main merit of the book is the clear and rigorous analysis of many laboratory metodologies and systems , which makes evident the adequacy of information-theoretical concepts in description and analysis . It covers a great amount of the analytical chemistry scope , with subjects like
 Unlike most travel guides on Chicago , Bill Franz 's Alternative Chicago is designed for readers interested in what Chicago has to offer the visitor regarding counter-culture and neighborhood eccentric attractions . Franz offers a neighborhood-by-neighborhood exploration of hundreds of distinctively Chicago places like `` Smuggler 's Row '' , `` Medusa 's Circle '' , `` The Ennui Cafe '' , and `` Dr. Wax '' . This superbly original compendium of addresses , maps , store hours , and telephone numbers will enable the reader to create a truly unique , memorable , off-the-beaten-path trip whether they are an out-of-town newcomer or a long-time denizen and resident .
 This book is a modern retelling of Sleeping Beauty with an emphasis on the power of family to help a boy through a terrible time . It is best suited for a mature , inquisitive child . War is a reality that parents should not shy away from talking about to their children .
 Note
 Every once in awhile , amazing , complex and believable characters are born - Annie Shannon is one of those characters . Most women can relate to her on some level . A real woman with regrets , who does n't have to be beautiful , rich or famous to be a central character in a book . I hope she will be a recurring character and that this wonderful new author will bring her back into our lives again and again.Stewart tells a gripping tale that hooked me from the first page to the very last . You get to know Stewart 's characters so well that you visualize them clearly without having to be told what they 're wearing that day or how they style their hair . She captures the essence of their personalities and makes them so believable that the reader buys into their motivations within the unfolding plot . The plot that unfolds is full of twists and turns keeping the reader guessing to the very last page . A remarkable accomplishment !! I highly recommend this new book - a compelling read . I hope we 'll see much more from Barbara J. Stewart .
 Publishing this book was a life long dream of my father-in-law , Abbott Spear . He spent much of his life working to make it a reality and unfortunately , he passed away shortly before it was released . The book should be read by those interested in a first hand view of the civil war as seen through the eyes of an ordinary man -LRB- 2nd in command under Chamberlain -RRB- . It provides great insight into what daily life was like during the war . I found this book to be extremely moving ... it made me proud of as well as grateful to those that lived through conditions most of us could never even imagine .
 John J. Pullen , in his seminal work `` The Twentieth Maine '' describes Ellis Spear as a determined man with a dry sense of humor , the kind to `` take the convervative view of men and events . '' Ellis Spear , a schoolteacher prior to the war , joined the 20th Maine Volunteer Infantry Regiment as a lieutenant in 1862 . He would over the course of the Civil War rise to the commissioned rank of Colonel and the brevet rank of Brigadier General , a remarkable performance for a man with no prior military training . His duties with the 20th Maine would take him everywhere the Union Army of the Potomac traveled from late 1862 through Appomattox in 1865 . As a Major , Spear was often the day-to-day commander of the 20th after August 1863 . The 20th Maine is rather more famous than most volunteer regiments , thanks to its heroic fight on Little Round Top on the second day of the Battle of Gettyburg , a stand dramatized by Jeff Shaara in the novel `` Killer Angels '' and in the movie `` Gettysburg . '' Spear 's recollection of that day varies in the details from the traditional account presented by Pullen but this probably says more about how confusing a battle can be , especially when recollected thirty or forty years later , than about any real contradition in facts . `` Recollections '' actually has three parts
 This is an extraordinary compilation of texts of environment and economics that constitutes a very helpful book to decision makers . I work for environment and always check this book to take the best decision , because its contents are wide enough for diferent topics of environmental problems .
 This novel is just fun ... not super serious literature but enjoyable.I would recommend this to anyone who loves Italy and food ... You can read it in a day ...
 A tale of tangled relationships and excellent food ! Laura is an American student studying in Italy , and has decided to take the advice of her Italian friend and will date only men who can cook . Tommaso and Bruno are friends who both have their eye on the beautiful Laura . Tommaso has lied , convincing her he is a chef and is dating Laura , while Bruno secretly cooks for them and looks on enviously in the background . The situation is bound to get out of control as the deceptions build.This novel is a trip to Rome through smells and flavours . I absolutely loved reading about the food , Anthony Capella describes the aromas , looks , and tastes so well it 's as though you 're right there in Italy . This is the main attraction of the novel for me , although the plot was interesting as well . Bravo !
 Longing for vicarious travel ? Imagining your college days , interrupted by an Italian adventure ... which turns into one of the romantic kind ? And full of the silly things that come with youth , attraction and confusion ? I just wanted to add my two-cents on this item , which I found , despite brief lapses in credibility , and hoppingly gullible moments , sufficiently engaging to remind me of my love of Rome . And now I have an even greater appreciation for the breadth and depth of Italian culture and character , and the wonders of eating their special dishes . Fun and satisfying .
 I bought this book for $ 1 at a Barnes and Noble clearance table . I shelved it for about a year while I read other books . I finally grabbed it off of my bookshelf one day last week after I finished another book and could n't think of anything else to read . It was worth the wait . I devoured this book in a matter of hours . Yes , it is an easy read , yes , it is not a DEEP book , but it is a fun book that makes me want to visit Italy and savor some REAL Italian food , drink some espresso , eat some gelato and stare at hot Italian men . I am glad to have read a fun romance written by a man . It is easy to tell that it was a male author and it is a welcome change from all of the drama of a female romance novel . The characters were predictable , the plot as well but I am so glad somebody wrote a book just to write something fun and not because of some hidden agenda with a `` meaning '' . This book is worth way more than what I paid for it . It is worth list price and I do n't say that often .
 This is a very fun book and if you love Rome , Romans , Romance and Food and Wine , you 'll be ecstatic over this read ! Enjoy and Bueno Appetito ...
 ... . or a lazy afternoon . This book is like watching a romantic movie . It is interesting , feel good and ` tasty ' . Capella has done a good job of holding the reader 's interest with fun descriptions of food , chefs , Rome , locals and the Italian countryside.I happened to pick this book up at a used book store and I am glad I did . You 'll like this book if you are a romantic / a foodie / love to travel / love Italy and Italian food or all of the above .
 First , it 's a juicy love story . Second , it 's an interesting off-beat tour of Italy . Third , and most important to me , it reveals once and for all that haute cuisine is not an exclusive property of the French . Italian cooking is tremendously varied and rich , and this book makes that clear . Read the `` Autobiography of Benvenuto Cellini '' and you 'll understand that the French court learned to cook from the Italians .
 Predictable ... nonetheless it 's a light-hearted , humorous take on the Cyrano story . I enjoyed it .
 I found the book to be light-hearted , fun and relatively fast-moving . True , it was predictable , but that did n't detract from Capella 's take on the triad of Bruno , Laura and Tomasso . In fact , it was nice to see how Cappella put his spin on the Cyrano story . The descriptions of the food and the locale enhanced the story and added to the atmosphere , though at times were a `` trifle overdone '' -LRB- pun intended -RRB- . The only thing that kept me from giving this a 5 was the author 's descriptions of the sex scenes which were at times too graphic -- too male , perhaps , like reading Playboy/Penthouse letters -- for my taste . In all , though , the book was entertaining and a fun way to occupy a few summer afternoons .
 This is a fabulous novel.It 's about two young Italians who fall in love with the same American student in Rome . The American 's a fox , knows it , and would normally be unattainable , but for the fact that she 's a fool for good food . So her handsome but shallow Italian admirer convinces his best friend , a shy and slightly morose chef , to dazzle the woman with some exquisite cooking , for which the callow one takes credit.This the shy chef does , with remarkable results , since he also falls in love with the American woman -LRB- gazing from afar -RRB- , and his suddenly-inspired cooking evokes the full range of emotions that she awakens in his heart.This segment also includes some wonderful discussions of classic Roman cuisine.So ... that 's the set-up , and the rest of the book does not disappoint.Unfortunately the book starts slowly , with some awkward writing . But if you hang in through the first twenty pages the writing suddenly turns crisp , the pace quickens , the plot takes some delightful and unanticipated turns ; and you find yourself at a banquet , savoring a remarkable meal that 's about the awakening and refinement of the only appetite that matters.It 's tragic that a book this good is already out of print .
 I loved this book ! Dating a chef now who is as passionate about his food and life as Bruno makes this book a complete treat . I was hungry with every page . The descriptions of the food and emotions are insipring and delicious.So worth the read ! Have to go eat now !
 This is a very sensual book , bringing to life the smells , sights and taste of Italy , while being held together and given flow by a romantic love story that is both touching and unusual.Capella writes as lovingly about food as he does about his the characters and the result is sumptious , warm and very , very readable .
 THE FOOD OF LOVE is absolutely amazing . From page one I felt like I was in Italy , smelling the smells , seeing the sights and above all , tasting the food.This book is for those who love life in all its sensual glory , who believe in recognizing your soul mate at first sight and who think that fairy tales can come true . I devoured the book -LRB- pun intended -RRB- from start to finish . It made me appreciate food and its preparation , and we 're booking a trip to Italy as soon as possible to discover some of the dishes described.What Water for Chocolate did for Mexican food , this does for Italian . There is magic in preparing food for those you love . This is a fable , a romance -LRB- in the medieval sense of the word -RRB- . It 's about the magic and wonder of food and love , the sensual beauty of the world .
 `` The Food of Love '' is a great book
 This is a fine blend of food , sex , travel and a good adventure in Italy . The writer has the ability to take his reader to the places and experience them in a fun way ! I recommend you read this debut novel !
 This book is better than ANY of the great trashy historical romances I have EVER read . I love to cook ; I love to eat ; I love my husband . This book made a great week for all three . It was an inspiration for me to perfect a couple of things , cooking and uhmmmm . If you want to get INSPIRED too , then read this book !! I 'd pair it with a couple of cooking books , like Cooking in the Nude
 If you enjoy Italy , food , wine , humor , and a little light romance then this is a book for you!A wonderful escape , with great recipes !
 Do n't take it too seriously . Some good tips on Italian recipes . Daft ending but sure that 's romance for you , chick lit .
 If you are looking for something that entertains , tells a great story , and inspires you to want to go to Italy and fall in love with someone -LRB- or with the food -RRB- this is the perfect book . I recommend it as mandatory reading for all groups I bring to Italy . All who have read it , especially women , love it .
 I enjoyed this book -- it was much better than the standard `` chick lit '' titles . It was a lightweight story , easy to read , and the Roman food , cooking , markets and people were fun . Did n't mind the creative cursing -- how very true to `` Roman young stud '' it was ! Maybe the Laura character was a bit underdeveloped , but I much prefered to read about Bruno.I liked this book SO MUCH more than `` Cooking for Mr. Latte '' - it was a fun read .
 I did n't like the ending , the characterization leave something to be desired , and the writing did n't make me think , but , oh I did n't notice any of that -LRB- Well , except for the ending -RRB- at the time , or even until substatially after it was all over . During , I read and read , bathing in the glorious food descriptions , not to mention the allure of Italy . Oh Yes !
 Food , especially Italian food , and love . Just the thought makes me drown in the shear yumminess . This is a very fun book , written with wit and sensuality and lovely , lovely longing . While this in no way compromises the joy of a book in which the descriptions of food easily overwhelm not only readers , but the characters as well , those same characters do become ever so slightly tedious late in the book . But read on ! There are near-recipes right through to the end . The writer looks forward to further food fables from author Capella , who demonstrates influences from Garcia Marquez , Allende , Esquival , Lily Prior , and Joanne Harris , all of whose readers would readily enjoy this book .
 What a great read = tips on cooking , lovemaking and Italian insults . Laughed and laughed . Thanks . Looking forward to film .
 This first novel by Anthony Capella is a fresh and sassy romp of a love story . Very Italian , very gourmet , very funny , very sexy , it 's a perfectly delightful summer read , a mini holiday in Italia . Witty , satirical in places , sad in other places , but ultimately satisfying , Capella has captured personalities with style and precision . It reminded me of nothing so much as a Shakespearean comedy , not so much in terms of literary value , but with respect to its bawdiness , its charm and its humor . Delicioso and molto buffo ! Bravo to the author - ca n't wait to read his next offering .
 Bruno is not just an Italian cook , who can prepare dishes from typical recipes , he is a chef who gathers ingredients and creates his own masterpieces of flavors . However , he is not confident in other areas of his life , such as love . When his roommate and friend , Tommaso , asks for his help to seduce an American tourist by secretely preparing wonderful meals for her , Bruno does n't see the harm in agreeing to let Tommaso take the credit . Little does he know that the American woman , Laura , is the same one he has been watching in the local markets . Bruno creates foods that show his feelings , but Laura believes that Tommaso is the chef . What is she really falling for ? The food that Bruno passionately prepares or Tommaso?It is a joy for any reader who loves food to read about the dishes that Bruno creates . This was a yummy book because of the delicacies and because of the love story . The author , Anthony Capella , really knows his Italian food ! I highly recommend it ! It is a great new addition to the food and fiction category .
 She put down the spoon , amazed . It was all gone . She had eaten it without being aware of eating , her mind in a reverie . `` Did you like it ? `` She looked up . Somehow she was n't surprised . `` What was it ? '' she asked . `` It does n't have a name , '' Bruno said . `` It 's just ... it 's just the food of love . '' -LSB- Page 255 -RSB- This romantic comedy , mainly set in Rome , is an enjoyable tale of two Italian men who romance an American student with food . Although a very different story , a part of the theme is reminiscent of `` Cyrano de Bergerac . `` Reading THE FOOD OF LOVE will leave you dreaming about a visit to Italy , a fine Italian meal , perhaps preparing a meal of your own , and the sentiments of romance.I enjoyed every single page of the story . From the moment I picked up the book , if I was n't chuckling , I had a smile on my face.The vivid description of characters , neighborhood , and locales reminded me of my time in Italy as study-abroad student . Each character was engaging and authentic - from the protagonists to the secondary characters.I loved the restaurant/kitchen scenes ; the descriptions of Bruno shopping and cooking ; and the scenes of the small Italian town where he found some solace.I got a kick out of the Italian sayings and their translations
 For any kind of foodie or to anyone who delights in Italian cuisine , this book is a must . Tommaso is a handsome , very Italian looking young man who attracts girls like flies to honey , but who especially appreciates the charms of blonde , non-Italian females . He works as a waiter at one of Rome 's most up market restuarants and shares an apartment with his old friend , Bruno , a rather plain looking man who happens to be a brilliant and inspired chef . Laura is an American art history student , in Rome on a scholarship , determined to follow the advice of her Italian girlfriend to find herself a boyfriend who is a chef , as they 're supposed to be `` good with their hands '' . When Laura and Tommaso meet , he introduces himself as a chef and a Cyrano de Bergerac situation occurs with Bruno cooking incredibly wonderful , sensual meals for Laura , for Tommaso to pass off as his own work . It 's an engagingly light read , full of descriptions of mouth watering Italian dishes , overlaid with love and laughter , perhaps not for those readers who are n't at all interested in enjoying good food ... and there are such people ... but for those who enjoy the use of all of their senses , a sheer delight !
 I had just finished reading ` The Food of Love ' by Anthony Capella since I had nothing to do , but read . Mind you , reading is one of my favorite pastimes.I had recently bought a series of books . The Food of Love was just one of the books I just picked up so I can get that ` three for the price of two ' deal at Waterstones in London -LRB- British 's equivalent of Barnes & Noble ;-RRB- . I was n't really interested , but it was one of the more interesting options I had . Well , I 'm glad I made the right choice ! I started reading it last night and I have n't put it down since.If you love food and a little romance , which I am both fond of , it 's an excellent book to read . Mr. Capella was remarkably thorough in his description of the rich and textured Italian dishes that the words assails you with a sense of smell and taste that leaves you hungry for more . This book took me by surprise and I 'm sure you would not be disappointed .
 What a fun book ! A treasure for anyone who loves Italian cooking - Real Roman Cooking - with flair and imagination that takes you beyond a great spaghetti sauce . Capella 's descriptions of the meals make your mouth water and inspire adventure with herbs , meats , and tantalizing desserts . His characters are spicy and entertaining . This would be a great movie . -LRB- Diane Kinman is the author of `` Franca 's Story
 My best friend , Joyce , bought me a copy of this book and sent it to me to read . Her note said she could n't stop thinking about me and my love of cooking , especially Italian food . We are both of Italian decent & grew up together in a mostly Italian neighborhoood as children ; and still friends today . This book hit home . It was so entertaining , I could n't wait to get home from work at night just to read more . Loved the little Italian phrases throughout ... I continuously laughed . I just might have to read it again one day ! Thank you Anthony Cappella and Joyce Sciarra Levin ... . Ciao , Paula
 I read this last week on a long-haul flight - perfect diversion on a noisy , crowded plane with indifferent plastic airline food!This is a take on the famous Cyrano story where an inarticulate man in love speaks to the love of his life through the only means at his disposal
 In Chapter 1 Gil Adrian walks into the Oaks Restaurant . Gil has been accused of bribing city and state politicians , and being connected to organized crime . A stranger joins him , and they begin to leave . Suddenly , Gil shoots this stranger and takes off in his black Mercedes . The police are called , and go to Adrian 's house . They find Gil 's wife outside , enter the house , and find Gil dead in the den from two shots to his head ! -LSB- Gardner always played down the background corruption in his stories . The idea of a double murder popped into to my mind . -RSB- Chapter 2 provides an example of wrongful conviction , which happens more often than the dramas on TV would suggest . This is an omen for Chapter 3 , where Mrs. Gil Adrian , the trophy wife , retains Perry Mason . Laurel does n't know much about Gil 's business , or of any powerful enemies . Does the political establishment want to hang the murder on Laurel and thus bury the scandal ? Mason learns the stranger Gil shot was unidentified ; all he had was cash , a phony driver 's license , and a .22 pistol strapped to his ankle . Was n't a .22 pistol the weapon of choice for hit men asks Mason ? Mason contacts David Niles , a Federal prosecutor , and suggests an alliance . -LSB- This never happened in the original series , to my recollection . -RSB- Chapter 8 tells of the beating that was given to Paul Drake Jr. after he questions Anselmo Costa in Las Vegas . Perry Mason also visits Las Vegas to ask questions , but learns little more . The preliminary hearing in Chapter 19 is as good as Gardner 's best . It tells why a defendant should n't wear sunglasses . Chapter 20 explains why getting testimony about ` Karl Braundorff ' was important . This led to Janet Coleman , a ` roper ' -LRB- like Raymond Schindler -RRB- , who told of Gil Adrian 's visit to Las Vegas . Then Anselmo Costa is summoned to the witness stand , but he asserts his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination . Perry Mason gets a clue from the artist drawings on TV . The bank is subpoenaed to find the last check written by Ralph Adrian , Gil 's son , before Ralph was murdered . These clues help to solve the puzzle , and Laurel Adrian is freed.This story brings in updated procedures -LRB- the defense gets a list of the prosecutor 's witnesses -RRB- , and mentions the terrible traffic in Los Angeles since the 1960s . But the flavor of the original stories has been lost . Paul Drake has retired , and Perry Mason would be an octogenarian , if still alive . What is missing is a younger lawyer , Perry Jr. or Della Mason , to carry on the father 's work . This story is like a good reproduction of an old master like Rembrandt , but in a modern setting . It lacks the dedications that were part of the original series .
 The Perry Mason stories by Erle Stanley Gardner were written in such a distinctive style that it is easy to recognize and hard to mimic . Therefore , any fan of Perry Mason will have to accept the disappointment of reading this Mason book by another author of another time . Gardner 's style and tone very much that of the thirties and forties , with different terminology and a different level of acceptance regarding how men looked at women.If you are capable of accepting the significant difference in style , then this book can be enjoyed . Some of the characters are changed , for example it is now Paul Drake Jr. doing the investigations and Ray Dallas has replaced Lieutenant Tragg . The hostility between Mason and the police has been replaced by a relationship of mutual respect , within the bounds of their professional rivalry ; Ray Dallas and Mason are friends.The story is formulaic of the Mason stories , a man is murdered and his estranged wife is falsely accused of the murder . Mason must piece together a series of sometimes-contradictory clues in order to unmask the guilty and free his client . In true Mason fashion , his questioning of a witness leads to a dramatic courtroom event where the murderer is revealed.Although Gardner wrote many Perry Mason stories and they follow a pattern , there are reasons to always want additional stories . Chastain 's effort is a worthy addition to this set , while naturally different , it is still within the bounds of what a Perry Mason story should be .
 Everything you ever wanted to know about management reporting but had no way to ask . The author presents clear , motivated examples of ways to do exactly what the title says
 This is a great book to have next to your `` Dictionary of Cultural Literacy '' and your `` Big Book of Beastly Mispronunciations . '' It lists several expressions , alphabetically , and includes not not a general explanation and easy to understand pronunciation , but also cultural context as well . There are also several excellent appendices , including polite phrases in several languages , common French ballet terms , and 13 ways to call someone a loser in Yiddish.My only concern is that it is somewhat Eurocentric . This is not too surprising since the majority of foreign words and phrases used in English are European in origin , but still - you can count on one hand the non-European phrases . The only Japanese words included are nisei and sensai , and I would have expected wabi-sabi and umami at least to be included as well . There are no phrases from Native American languages , none from Africa or the Middle East . There is a fair amount of phrases from Hindu and Sanscrit , but since there were introduced to the English language during the British occupation of India , I do n't know whether they can really be considered foreign phrases .
 I purchased this book not knowing much about it . Let me tell you ... I am sooo glad that I did !!! I am a single parent of a 5 year old little boy who is very stubborn - every conversation and request is a battle . I have felt like all I do is nag and argue with him and ca n't even remember the last time that we had a `` good day '' . I am very consistent with him and with disciplining , but he still constantly manipulates and argues over everything and it is mentally and physicaly tiring . It has been this way for about a year now and I have been at my wits end . I feel like I have tried every parenting book out there & nothing has worked . UNTIL NOW !! I read this book last week - it was a quick read , about 11/2 hours . This book has changed my life and it works !! I love this book because it focuses on only 2 or 3 skills that you can quickly learn and implement . Instead of the typical thick parenting book that is overwhelming and you are not sure where to begin ... this book spells it out for you . It gives you DETAILED examples of situations and what to say in these situations . I have only used the techniques for about a week , but it has already changed our lives . My son spent this entire last weekend without arguing with me . I ca n't remember the last time that happened . We actually were able to spend some great quality time together and were loving and affectionate instead of having a power struggle . My favorite strategies in the book are the `` I know '' , `` Nice try '' and `` I love you too much to argue '' . I told all of my friends to buy this book . I ca n't recommend this book highly enough !!! Thank you Jim Fay - I hope I can meet you to thank you in person someday !!
 I 've given this book to quite a few people . Basically , here 's what I got out of this book : It 's loving to let your children experience the consequences of their own actions . You WANT your children to become strong , responsibly adults -- so you need to let them develop the skills they need to succeed on their own.You also want to do so in a way that is LOVING and not coming across as punishing or the bad guy . It 's such a tricky act . But once you learn this -LRB- and you 'll find it VERY successful -RRB- you can apply it to your children , your SPOUSE , and your COWORKERS !
 I am a big fan of Love and Logic and have several of the books already . I enjoy sitting down with a 200 + page book , but not so my husband . I have been trying to get him on board with the Love and Logic program , but he will not sit and read a book for that long ! So when I saw this book , I thought it might peak his interest enough to get him to read it . This book is much shorter than some of the others and it thoroughly addresses problems associated with discipline . As with all of their books , there are lots of anecdotal stories with clear examples . He still did n't read the whole book , but he did walk away with a better understanding of the methods used . I found it a breeze to read and it was nice to have all of the discipline techniques in one easy to read book . I also think it is a nice follow up to the Love and Logic books . After using Love and Logic for awhile , I have noticed that sometimes I get a little lax and then discipline issues start to creep up again . I keep this book handy just to remind myself to keep up with the program . It is much easier to quickly skim this short book than break out the original love and logic book and search for discipline . since beginning the program almost 2 years ago , parenting has been a lot more fun ! I am also a teacher and these are great strategies ! Wonderful supplement or stand alone book for Love and Logic !
 Not sure what the other reader was talking about . I am an agnostic so I am pretty aware of that kind of thing . I was also a teacher . Not only does Love and Logic work in the classroom but it does amazing things with my kids . I have 2 toddlers and I think the Love and Logic books and videos are an indespensible resource . It seems to me that the previous reviewer was just looking for a forum to rant about something totally unrelated to these books . He also was n't reviewing this book - I guess some people will actually mislead people to try and get their voice heard . If click on `` see my other reviews '' under his name you will see that he has reviewed every book in the Love and Logic series with this rhetoric that is based on complete ignorance . Charles Fay and Foster Cline -LRB- founders of Love and Logic -RRB- are from Evergreen Colorado - not Colorado Springs and have nothing to do with the whole `` family first '' thing . There is no affiliation whatsoever . Again , not sure what the other reviewer was talking about - but it is a shame that he may turn people away from a resource that is the most effective tool I have come across to raise children who are responsible , able to make choices effectively , have great self-esteem , and to avoid all the arguments and power struggles that come with parenting .
 My daughter is now 14 years of age , starting high school , enrolled in all AP classes , straight ` A ' student . A polite , respectful , helpful and caring young lady . I read this book a few years back when we were struggling and when she started to get involved with the wrong crowd . I saw her almost slip away . This book had a great impact on my parenting style and even though I am far from perfect , I applied and still apply a lot of the very simple techniques described in Jim Fays book to my every day parenting . It is a small book , easy read that captures the essence and equips you with all the parenting tools you need ! No matter if you are the parent of a toddler or a teenager , this book will be inspiring and helpful . ENJOY .
 I not too long ago learned of the LOVE and LOGIC philosophy and I LOVE it !! I have since gotten my hands on as much of these books that pertain to my family and children as I can !! Jim Fay has really got some great ideas . And they work !! Even if you 're not really `` In Crisis '' with your family or a specific member , this is good to get to ` be prepared ' . And maybe if more parents used these ways early on then they would never get to the ` in crisis ' stage - would n't that be great ??!! The idea of this philosophy is to NOT make the parent the Bad Guy for punishing the kid . It puts it back on the kid - WHERE IT BELONGS !! They also have classes on this that you can take at schools taught by other parents and there are seminars by the authors of these books too .
 Jim Fay is the master of removing parents -LRB- as the reason -RRB- for bad decisions that kids make . He makes the process of parenting simple and effective . The sooner you start this approach with your children , the more you 'll love being a parent . He addresses most common issues
 At first I was disappointed that this was n't a longer book , but then I realized that it is great to give away to curious friends and parents as an introduction to Love and Logic . I just wish it was a little cheaper .
 Great book for all parents . You will need to use your own terminology when putting these ideas into practice as most parents or people for that matter talk like the author . If you use his ideas they WORK !
 These books are great for helping your kids learn to parent better . Excellent tips and ideas and suggestions ! My daughter really appreciated them !
 This book is awesome . Great tips . I ca n't wait to read more from this author . I highly suggest reading it .
 I have been struggling to have my children be more obedient and to stop arguing with and each other . They were unhappy , my husband was unhappy , and I was unhappy . This book gave us not only some general strategies but also some suggestions on what to say in various situations . We are making great progress and the children are using it at school . We are becoming a more happy family !!
 Really a simple book to read and simple guide lines on how to speak to your kids to get them to listen to you . GREAT BOOK !!
 Awesome book ! It really helped me a lot to get to discipline my kid without being loud or violent.I strongly recomend it .
 You ca n't go wrong with Jim Fay . I 've read most of his books and give `` Magic for Early Childhood '' out as a gift to all new parents . His material should be mandatory reading for all parents !!!
 I am a big fan of the `` love and logic '' method of teaching and parenting and this is a great introduction . It is a quick read and offers a lot of real life examples of how to implement this method . I would highly recommend this book !
 This is a book for all parents or parents to be , all people thinking of having children . Love and Logic is a program to help you be a more effect parent , raising responsible children . It can also be used on co workers and the rest .
 `` Dinner at Antoine 's '' written by Frances Parkinson Keyes is set in New Orleans during Carnival Season in January 1948 . It is a mystery that endures the generations . I first read `` Dinner at Antoine 's '' ten years ago in 1990 . I enjoyed the book so much that it inspired me to make a trip to the Crescent City . My love for the book has not died since that first reading.The mystery is terrific . When I began my second read of the book in May 2000 , I was quickly swept into the plot . I did n't want to stop reading . The book is so well written that the characters , plot and setting come to life before the reader . As Ruth Avery , the main character , sees New Orleans for the first time , I too saw the city for the first time through her eyes . The author gives a complete picture of New Orleans society in 1948 through the many characters that she develops . Joe Racina and his wife Judith are middle class residents . Joe works as a reporter and Judith maintains their home . Judith has chosen not to hire help as she grew up in Connecticut on a farm . To the opposite extreme you have the Lanlande family at the top of society . Other characters include Russell Aldridge , architect ; Vance Perrault , doctor ; and Tossie Pride , personal maid . `` Dinner at Antoine 's '' is an old fashion murder mystery that in the style of Agatha Christie is full of suspects . Once again I was intrigued until the end as I remained unsure of the murderer 's identity until it was revealed . This book is by far the author 's best and it makes you beg for a sequel.The added bonus to `` Dinner at Antoine 's '' are the physical descriptions of landmarks in New Orleans . The descriptions are so great that this book could almost be categorized as a travel essay . When I traveled to New Orleans , I used `` Dinner at Antoine 's '' as my guide . I quickly found Antoine 's Restaurant and in the restaurant I found the Rex Room , 1840 Room , and Mystery Room just as the restaurant had been described by the author . The French bread , tomato aspic , oysters Foch , flaming pressed duck with cream and brandy , cherries Jubilee , and caf&eacute; brulot all enticingly described by the author can still be found on the menu . I quickly moved on throughout New Orleans finding the Court of the Two Sisters , Caf&eacute; Du Monde , the French Market , Jackson Square , the cathedral , St. Charles Avenue , the Garden District , Audubon Park , and the Metaire Cemetery . My most recent reading of the book has me wanting to return to discover the River Road and to find out if the Bar None Restaurant exists with its barbecued chicken , onion rings and corn fritters . Even if I find that the River Road and Bar None only exist in the author 's imagination , she has so aptly described them that I will always feel as if I have actually visited.Reading `` Dinner at Antoine 's '' is the perfect way to spend a weekend when you want to take a luxurious vacation in the comfort of your home .
 Half soap , half Agatha Christie mystery , this story of New Orleans in the late 1940s is a charming and compelling story of love , deception , and murder . Populated by a complex and endearing -LRB- or repelling -RRB- cast of characters , this is an excellent story . -LRB- And why is n't it in print ?! -RRB- Starting off at the restaurant Antoine 's , it follows extremely rich playboy Orson Foxworth -LRB- yes , that is his real name -RRB- introducing his lovely niece Ruth Avery to the rich 'n' famous of New Orleans . Among them are the beautiful Amelie Lalande , a self-absorbed but very lovely widow that Foxworth wants as a lover but is willing to marry ; Odile St. Amand , Amelie 's daughter , who is suffering from a disease she tries to hide ; Leonce St. Amand , Odile 's philandering husband ; Caresse Lalande , Odile 's little sister who is on the brink of a full-fledged affair with Leonce ; Vance Perrault , a doctor who cares deeply for Odile ; Odile 's ex-lover , Sabin Duplessis ; Joe Racina , a brilliant journalist , and many many others ... After a fateful night where Odile 's shaking hands cause her to spill wine on herself -LRB- similar to a bloodstain -RRB- , Amelie refuses Foxworth 's proposal as she does n't want to leave her poor invalid daughter alone , and Leonce attempts a seduction . Motives are abundant when Odile is found dead in her bedroom - shot through the heart with a gift from her ex-lover . Many lives and destinies will change -LRB- some for the better , some for worse -RRB- before Odile 's killer finds justice of a sort ... The pace is pleasant and gradual , allowing us excellent insight into the characters . The descriptions of luxurious houses , restaurants and clothing -LRB- especially clothing ! -RRB- are evocative and entertaining . No threads are left untangled , and the question of motive and reason is , frankly , as excellent as that of the Grand Mistress of Mystery , Agatha Christie.There is only one thing that kept this from being a five-star book
 If you 've ever eaten at the wonderful restaurant Antoine 's in the French Quarter of New Orleans -LRB- with its many themed Mardi Gras private rooms -RRB- , you will definitely enjoy this book . And even if you have n't eaten at Antoine 's , if you 're interested in New Orleans society mid-way through the 20th Century , you 'll find this a delightful mystery.In addition , the home of the late author , Frances Parkinson Keyes , is open to the public in New Orleans . It 's actually called the Beauregard Keyes House after Confederate General Beauregard who stayed there and Frances Parkinson Keyes . And the author also wrote a novel about the house called `` Madame Castel 's Lodger , '' which is filled with the interesting history of General Beauregard . -- Phyllis Zimbler Miller
 This beautifully written novel in a gently used library copy now joins my little shelf of Unlimited Re-Reads reserved for just such special old friends as The Virginian , Until the Sun Falls , O the Brave Music , A Dance to the Music of Tim , Persuasion and The Final Reflection . The words are worn smooth by familiarity and give the pleasure of fingering a stash of precious stones . Dinner at Antoine 's is also touching as a memory of New Orleans in a former time among the privileged classes , with a sunny certainty that nothing will ever change -LRB- it is set in January-February 1948 -RRB- .
 What a wonderful book . Even though it was written in 1948 it captures New Orleans as it was then and is now . Mystery , fun , and romance all rolled into one . Wished I had read it before I went to New Orleans .
 Frances Parkinson Keyes wrote many good books . This is a personal favorite . It was also her best-selling book . It combines the color locale of New Orleans with interesting characters , romance , and a mystery . This is the only mystery novel that Keyes wrote , and she does a good job of keeping you guessing . I have read and reread this book over the years , and always enjoy it .
 ... a vintage copy in reasonably good shape of the edition I read in the 60s , sent very quickly
 Julian Winston 's novel is the most in-depth and informative discussion on homeopathy that I have come across . The book makes good on its claim to insightfully delve into the fundamental philosophy of homeopathy . Also , Winston tackles the important and controversial question of scientific rigor that plagues this medical breakthrough . He makes it systematically clear how the medical philosophy of homeopathy is scientifically rigorous . Also mentioned are the innovative medical thinkers known as the original homoeopaths , the decline of homeopathy at the beginning of the 20th century , and the resurgence of this medical philosophy towards the end of this same century . It is ideal for those readers attempting to gain greater medical recognition of homeopathy or for those just interested in the history of this innovative healthcare technique . If one is looking for in-depth inforamtion on homeopathy that is historical , academic , and interesting , then The Faces of Homeopathy is in my opinion the best book to buy .
 This is to correct the previous review
 I laid my hands on this book about 3 years ago when I was already an accomplished webmaster . People like me who already know HTML and supporting technologies like CSS will defenitely rue the fact that they did n't lay their hands on this book earlier . Beginners this is the only book you 'll need on HTML for a long while.My fundamentals were accumulated as a result of many books on this subject as well as the effort of scanning millions of emails on mailing lists . All in all sheer experience . The author has done it all for you . It 's all there in one place , follow this book and you 'll end up not making too many mistakes.I often get people asking me about something or the other regarding HTML / client side web development . I always refer them to this book . And no their queries are n't as simple as `` What are the params for an anchor tag ? '' . That any book on HTML can answer . It would be more like `` I just ca n't get this page to have the same gap between two tables . All my code is perfect , I 'm at my wits end ! '' . The answer would be something only an expert can point out , like `` Hey you have a newline between your tables in your code . Yes HTML does n't care about newlines but some browsers do . `` Truly this book will answer a lot of questions like that . If you ever are gon na work with HTML or have been working with HTML but have n't read this book , your eyes will be opened either by the fact that you did n't know so many things , or by the fact that a human being could stuff so many facts into a single book.If you are the type who needs a pocket reference maybe you are at the wrong place , but then perhaps you 'd demand a pocket reference for building a space craft too ! This book is a must for anyone who needs a sense of how web building works.I last encountered this book in 1998 but I just felt like putting it down now , and I still recommend it . There is n't a better book on the subject .
 The Complete Reference HTML is a solid reference for HTML . It covers HTML comprehensively as well as other issues like server side vs. client side programming , XML , putting together a website.In essence , it is a solid reference with some `` How to '' information thrown in for good measure .
 This is a book that I read at home , in chunks of 30-45 minutes a night . I highly recommend this book , as both an introduction to HTML , and as a reference for beginner-to-intermediate programmers . It covers HTML in depth , but also mentions CGI , Cold Fusion , ASP , Javascript , and XML , and the role these technologies play in delivering a complete website . The book contains extensive information about Style Sheets , including an entire appendix devoted to the syntax and parameters for Style Sheets .
 I find this book highly useful as a desktop reference for just about anything HTML/DHTML related . In addition , Powell does a great job of introducing topics that may be new to some people , like XML .
 Simple really ... Great for beginners to advanced authors
 I 've taken a few classes from Thomas Powell and , while I always thought this book was good -- now , as a more seasoned web developer , I find it to be an * excellent * reference guide . -LRB- If you 're in San Diego , try to take one his classes at UCSD Extension ... he 's an outstanding teacher . -RRB-
 I have other books on HTML , but this is definitely the best . As its title states , this is the ULTAMITE complete reference ... two thumbs up !
 I needed a comprehensive , intelligent guide covering HTML , DHTML , CSS etc. . This book provides that and more in a easy to understand manner , that is n't too simplistic for an advanced web author . A smart layout , and nice index helps you locate what you need fast . Color charts , CSS style references , tag attributes a-plenty , DHTML overviews and in-depth information is there when you need it . If you 're looking to spend on a clever guide to take you into the ever expanding world of web technologies , this book is a excellent resource !
 This book is a complete reference book with meaningful examples and lots of them . Of particular use are the notes that are included . This has practical tips for developing friendly web sites .
 Despite being over 1,000 pages this book really teaches html in a simple practical way . It has lots of examples for beginners and a great reference for more experienced HTML programmers . If you want to Learn HTML this book is the only book you will need . Once you read it you will ready to read the O'Reily series ' JavaScript book by David Flanagan and you will also have a great understanding of CSS1 and some understanding of CSS2 . I have read alot of HTML books in my day and this is the most complete of all the books and the easiest to read of all the HTML books I have encountered . It 's a hell of a BOOK !
 Many parts of this book are difficult to understand for the beginning and intermediate user . It is an informative , advanced reference ; the only one needed for an experienced website creator . There are no color examples of what the HTML language produces , making some of it difficult to piece together if you are not experienced .
 The Complete Reference by Thomas Powell is an excellent and complete introduction to HTML , clearly explaining the structure and content of HTML programming . It told me everything I needed to know to program in HTML . The index is also excellent .
 I should just leave it at that , but I wo n't . When I got this book I was completly blind to the world of HTML , but now I have mastered it . This book starts off teaching the basics , like how to start your HTML document with the HEAD and BODY tags , and goes all the way into using HTML tables to design your website and using HTML forms . By the end of the book , I knew everything , and was able to move onto more advanced subjects such as PHP or CGI-scripting . This book is the perfect way to get started if you 're interested in pursuing a career in web development or application programming . However , if you are not interested in learning HTML , this book is not for you . It is a complete reference and you need to read the entire book to take advantage of it . If you really want to learn HTML then buy this book , because it will be the first and the last you will ever need .
 I 've been using this book for a while now , and I have to say that its one of the best written computer reference books that I 've ever had the pleasure to use . Its extremely comprehensive and well organized , with lots of clear examples . It even covers some of the basics of JavaScript and CGI -LRB- though you 'll still probably want/need another book that covers those topics exclusively , if you 're interested in them . -RRB- Probably the only real complaint that I would have about the book is that its HUGE . There 's some sections in the book that probably could quite easily have been cut or shrunk down . I kind of got the feeling that they wanted to stretch the book out to 1200 pages as a marketting `` Look at how huge our book is ! '' thing . They probably could have made it ~ 1000 pages rather easily , which would have made the book easier to handle.In addition , some sections of the book are somewhat outdated . That 's an unfortunate fact of life with books of this nature , though . Overall , though , the book is still very accurate .
 I 've made several web sites , and I am pretty much fluent in HTML , Javascript ... and have learned a great deal about producing a decent site . This book has is not just a reference , it has site theory which will open a lot of peoples eyes ' whom have already produced web sites in the past . I consider this book more of a course instead of a reference book which one refers to when they need to know a certain tag or command to get what they want . The reason why I gave this book 4 stars , is becuaes this is the only html book I thought was worth buying -LRB- esp . compared to other HTML books which ran up to 60 dollars -RRB- and have not read any other books on this subject . I would suggest this book to anyone who is interested in Site design ... I think the name is wrong when it says html complete reference , it does have an excellent reference section but the material in it is invaluable to any type of site your making and with any type of language/script you are using .
 Powell put it all together and made a heck of a book . I have read many books on HTML 4 , but this outdistances all of them by far . Two thumbs up !
 I will add to the list of omissions in the HTML reference of this book . The WIDTH property of < TD > is listed to be in pixels but the example shows % age . Maybe not significant but enough to seriously trip up beginners ...
 If you can only have one book on HTML , this is the book to have . No other book I 've seen covers HTML and related subjects as well as this one . In addition to HTML , the author covers XHTML , briefly discusses XML , covers basic JavaScript and both CSS -LRB- style sheet -RRB- specifications as well , in addition to DHTML , which has permeated the Internet.Despite its size and the magnitude of the material presented , the book is logically organized and well thought out , starting from basic and easy material and progressing in difficulty . There are several ways the material could have been organized , and as an experienced HTML writer I would have organized it differently , but I believe the author 's organization makes the material more accessible for new and less experienced developers.Any criticisms I may have of this book are very minor compared to the excellent job the author has done with this book , and I would recommend it for anyone who has to write HTML , with or without the aid of an HTML editor .
 There are still some folks around like myself who prefer to design Websites and pages using raw HTML `` coding . '' Windows Notepad is still my top HTML editor of choice . However , whether folks prefer to `` code their own '' or use standard HTML editing programs , there are clear advantages of becoming familiar with the basics of HTML programming that will pay dividends in the long run . Not all HTML editors are created equal and sometimes inside knowledge is helpful in the Web development process.HTML
 When I decided I wanted to learn all I could about HTML I went looking for a good book on the subject . I never buy the first thing I see and I spent many hours researching for the best I could find . My search narrowed down to just a few and this book won the toss . I am truly impressed at what I found here . I purchased several books on related topics -LRB- javascript and such -RRB- and after reading all of them , this book was , by far , the easiest to use . Mr. Powell 's writing style allowed me to retain more than I expected I would . I immediately put into use many of these tags to take my website from average to very efficient -LRB- and cool if I do say so myself -RRB- . The reference section allows me to quickly find more about the tag I am trying to use . Do n't let the enormous size of this book intimidate you . It reads easy and a great deal of the book is reference relating back to what you learned earlier.If you are using a WYSISYG editor to make your website and want to get past those limitations . This IS the book you want . If you do n't buy this book RIGHT NOW , you will someday wish you had . Do it while it 's fresh in your head .
 When learning a new subject , I sometimes find it helpful to begin with a Visual Quickstart or Sam 's Teach Yourself , then an intermediate text -LRB- if needed -RRB- , and finally an O'Reilly Nutshell or Wrox Professional to deepen understanding and use as a reference.Powell 's Complete Reference on HTML performs the task of all three levels.The first 212 pages , `` Web Basics , '' save beginners the need for an `` HTML for Dummies . '' The next 475 pages provide a well-organized presentation of HTML mechanics including presentation , layout , cascading style sheets , client/server side programming , DHTML , XML , and web hosting . Throughout this material , sample code is presented and explained to illustrate the concepts presented . Finally , 430 pages of appendices provide reference level detail that will remain valuable indefinitely.The later chapters -LRB- programming , DHTML , XML -RRB- are overview in nature . -LRB- ASP is discussed in five pages . -RRB- This is appropriate , for each of these subjects requires a text of their own . The overviews are valuable as they present these subjects in the context of HTML and how they can work together . They also give the reader a basic platform from which to study in greater detail.Certainly worth mentioning also are the numerous tips and valuable remarks sprinkled throughout the book . In my case there were several one-line statements worth the purchase price.This book is a well-written and thorough text that a beginner can use to learn HTML and an advanced web developer can use as a reference or to polish up . I ca n't compare this with others books on the subject . It has n't been necessary to read any .
 and I have been quite satisfied.Although I do n't think a `` Complete '' reference book on programming , especially HTML , can exist , this is as complete and updated as it gets.Being a professional and advanced programmer I might be tempted to claim this as the best book there is , but for beginners I suggest they start with a book which is more of a `` tutorial '' than a `` reference '' . A smaller book that puts more emphasis on `` teaching '' the basic concepts than providing an extensive reference resource . But after that I strongly suggest they get this book.Remember , no single programming book can ever be a good reference while being a good tutorial . And we need both .
 `` HTML
 This is ABSOLUTELY the Best HTML book . I got this book at the same time I got my first job as a web developer . My main job was to layout HTML pages for companies including GE and Sherwin Williams . I found this book indispensable . This book is great for a beginner and a superb reference for an HTML guru . The tutorials are great and the appendixes are wonderful . Although , the only HTML book you will need ; you will need other books to cover topics such as CSS , JavaScript , and XML . The book gives you only a brief introduction to these branches of web development . If you use or want to use HTML buy this book !
 This book is simply great ! If you build sites for a living you probably struggle with books that trivialize HTML and present its syntax willy-nilly . This book is the ONLY book I 've ever seen that actually seems to be written by someone who builds sites professionally and wants to know all the markup . It explains logical and physical tagging styles well and does a really good job showing how to hook HTML with other technologies without trying to teach CGI , CSS , etc. at the same time . The only thing I wish is that this guy would write a JavaScript or DHTML book . I 'd buy that right away .
 This is a great book but I did n't think it was as good as the previous edition.Firstly I found a few too many errors that would trip up beginners to HTML/CSS . I checked the errata section of the website but not a single error in the book was listed there -LRB- at the time of writing this -RRB- . I ca n't believe they are unaware of them , especially as this book has been out for several months now.Secondly the author keeps plugging his other book , so much so that he includes an entire chapter from that book here . Although it may of had some relevance I do n't think it should of been added , as in my opinion it was clearly intended as a promotion of his other publication . I certainly do n't object to being made aware of an authors publications , for instance in a list at the end of the book , but not like this.On the plus side this book does cover HTML exceptionally well , all the expected stuff like frames , tables , layers , forms , links , media types etc are explored . XHTML is also covered but do n't expect much , the differences are only in the rules of writing the language , which are explained . Note that there is n't a chapter dedicated to XHTML but you are made aware of the differences between HTML mark-up and XHTML mark-up when necessary.Like previous editions this book does cover a lot of theory , e.g. logical versus physical mark-up , protocols , mime types , parsed html etc.There is also a chapter dedicated to CSS1 and CSS2 which is pretty complete . The CSS2 section includes coverage on the various new pseudo elements and selectors introduced in CSS2 . There is also a reference section covering CSS1 and CSS2 at the back of the book , and it includes proprietary properties for Internet Explorer.SSI is also covered in this book . There are also very basic introductions to XML , JavaScript , server side technologies and DHTML . These are more about what they can do as opposed to teaching you them.The reference section has been organised alphabetically this time , so it is much easier to use than previous editions . They include coverage of XHTML , additions to WebTV , JavaScript event handlers and the usual HTML stuff . There are also reference sections for colour codes and character entities.Finally this is the first Complete Reference book I have purchased that did n't fall apart , so there is no need to buy a binder this time around .
 In all of my web work , this book is indispensible . Nine times out of ten I open the book to the HTML tag section . Every tag you can think of is thoroughly documented , listing information on how each attribute is used , which browsers they work in , and any special issues . Every single time I have had problems with a tag , I have been able to open the book and find the answers I need . The tag section alone is worth the price of the book .
 This is a reference book that any web developer , junior through advanced , should have in their arsenal . The coverage of various aspects of HTML is both succinct and thorough . If you need a very readable book that gives you worthwhile content in areas such as HTML , authoring tools , cascading style sheets , frames , JavaScript , etc. , then this reference book is for you .
 I am a system analyst with IBM background , client server is totally new for me and being a novice in this area I found this book of immense help . The topics have been beautifully explained . HTML , XML , CSS , DHTML are no longer nightmares for me . I must say that from day one itself I started writing HTMLs . This book is simply great for anybody who would like to learn about HTML . I would recommend this books to beginners as well as experts for reference . The book is worth buying . This is worth 5 + star rating .
 This is just the best HTML book I 've got my hands on . Just about everything about HTML techniques you could think about is covered in this book . StyleSheets , DHTML , forms , frames . . it 's all covered . a MUST have for the HTML-creator The 99 edition is even better than the 98 edition , because the overviews are now sorted by browser , instead of alphabethically .
 If you think Microsoft FrontPage is an HTML editor , do n't read any further , go look for something else . For those who really code HTML , this book is a must . It is THE COMPLETE HTML REFERENCE . The book contains both teaching and reference chapters . It describes which code is going to work on Netscape Communicator 4 and 4.5 , Microsoft Internet Explorer 4 and 5 , and WebTV . Buy it , it 's everything webmaster needs to know .
 This is an excellent resource for all levels of web developers . If your goal is to code your first home page , however , I would recommend Elizabeth Castro 's HTML 4 FOR THE WORLD WIDE WEB . After you read her book , move up to this book . You 'll be an expert coder with professional results . Buy this book . It 's worth twice the price !
 I 've taken classes with Thomas Powell as the instructor and I must admit that this is a MUST HAVE BOOK for anyone who does web page design . It is full of examples as well as detailed descriptions of the inner workings of HTML , DHTML and XML .
 Without a doubt , the most complete , well organized , essential tool for anyone involved in Web development . Thomas Powell 's book has been instrumental in the design , development , and implementation of our department 's Web projects . Having researched numerous books on the subject , and disappointed with the results , I highly recommend Powell 's book . By far , the best book around !
 I beg to differ with some of the other reviews . I started off pretty much from scratch when I came across this book . Some of my first pages were made with Microsoft FrontPage , but when things did n't work -LRB- because of sloppy code , etc -RRB- I turned to The Complete Reference . I still use editors as a crutch , but this book is steering me towards understanding bugs and giving me the knowledge to write my own code if I should ever be so inclined/crazy !
 Before reading this book -LRB- this was the required text for a class in HTML -RRB- , I had some very basic experience with HTML . I found it easy to read and remember the concepts , as they are presented in a straight-forward way , with an emphasis on real-world scenarios . The tips the author provides are valuable ... I found myself using them a lot at work and on several projects . Because my previous HTML knowledge was so scattered , reading the book put my thoughts into place and provide a more formal picture of HTML and css . This book also addresses cascading style sheets and is loading with information . At this point I use it as a reference , the css appendix is comprehensive , tho I think the layout could have been done better -- some area are tough to read .
 Before reading this book -LRB- this was the required text for a class in HTML -RRB- , I had some very basic experience with HTML . I found it easy to read and remember the concepts , as they are presented in a straight-forward way , with an emphasis on real-world scenarios . The tips the author provides are valuable ... I found myself using them a lot at work and on several projects . Because my previous HTML knowledge was so scattered , reading the book put my thoughts into place and provided a more formal and structured picture of HTML and css . This book also addresses cascading style sheets and is loaded with information . After reading the 1000 + pages , I use this book as a reference , the css appendix is comprehensive , tho I think the layout could have been done better -- some areas are tough to read .
 One of the flaws of this book is that the author has to make every point two times . For example , the structure of an Internet Protocol address is covered twice in two separate sections , for a total of 10 + pages . I find that addressing has been adequately covered in other HTML books in 2-3 pages . As another example , the author mentions a trick of prefetching an image by rendering it with a height of 1 and width of 1 . This trick is mentioned in full detail -LRB- paragraphs -RRB- twice in two seperate sections.The author seems to feel that every chapter should be complete in that it covers all tricks . For a reader who reads several chapters at a time , sections become redundant . I agree with the reviewer who said that the book could have been shortened ~ 100 pages with no loss of value or continuity .
 For such a fat book , I never dreamed I would read it from cover to cover . Everything you ever wanted to know about HTML is in this book . I am a beginner and this book has given me a great start .
 Dear Sirs , Your service is great . The book was in brand new condition and everything touted to be.However , the book binding failed and has completely fallen apart . I have had to put it into a loose leaf binder.I can not return the book because I have all of my research marginalia in it . The book would have been much more useful is it was still in one piece.Thank you anyways for you excellent service . I hope that my next book that I order does not fall apart.Again , thank you for your service.Sincerely , Joe Whittenberger
 wait , is this really the * complete * reference ?
 This book should rapidly become a standard reference work for anyone working with HTML . Given that the World Wide Web is something of a moveable feast , and given that HTML will probably be very different in ten years time , nevertheless Thomas Powell has put together a superb manual that presents information in a clear and concise fashion . His writing style is clear and articulate without the verbosity that is sometimes associated with what is , after all , a potentially complex subject . Information is easy to find and well indexed and the examples are copious . Mr Powell is also to be congratulated for creating a work that should appeal to beginner and expert alike . In short , just about the best work on HTML around - I just wish I 'd bought the hard-back version as my copy is looking decidedly tatty because of the use it gets !
 This book was the first HTML book I ever purchased , and unless a change is made to the language , will be the only one I ever need . I was a newcomer to raw HTML coding before I bought this book , and it has proven to be an invaluable learning tool and reference . The coverage of the language is excellent , and the section on Style Sheets is very in-depth . Also , the appendicies at the end of the book contain complete information on every HTML tag and their associated attributes for quick look-up . Although this book can be a little difficult to get started , once you get past the introductory chapters and into the section on actual HTML code it is very straighforward . It provides many code examples along with the results produced , which in my opinion is one of the best ways to teach any language.I would recommend this book to anyone wishing to learn HTML as a hobby or for business - it covers everything you will need to know .
 In the computer industry the internet is an enormous entity . Web Pages and web page development drive the internet . Everyone developing web pages wants to make their page better than everyone else . Thomas Powell has taken a great deal of time and given the go to reference book that makes that job easier.The book will help to develop the simple web page or if you are a web master you can use this text to create a work of art . You have the opportunity to learn DHTML , XML and integrate your work with Cold Fusion and other web applications.Powell gives you a breakdown of each tag , form , frame layout , table setup , font reference , sheet styles and so much more . There is a never-ending use for this book and from the novice to the expert . Everyone can learn something.A small edition to the book might be a cd-rom with various web utilities and special effects for pages , but other than that you will be hard pressed to find a more complete reference manual . This book needs to at your side from beginning to end and every step in between .
 My first `` The Complete Reference '' book was for Java 1.0 . I was so happy with that book that when I went looking for an HTML manual , the first one I looked at was this one . And it 's a good thing I did , because it 's the only book I ever need to look at for a reference . It really does contain everything I can think I would need to write HTML code at any level of complexity or depth , and I 've been writing HTML code since 1994 , professionally since around 1997 . If you 're a beginner , the book spends some time in the beginning teaching you the basics and concepts , everything you should need to get started on your first pages . And if you 're a novice or expert , the book will scale to your level of knowledge gracefully , it covers the gamut , even extending into Cascading Style Sheets , Dynamic HTML and a brief introduction to XML -LRB- if you need an XML manual you should get one dedicated only to XML , this reference is not complete for that purpose -RRB- . The title could n't be more appropriate , as inside the book , there is a complete reference of every single valid HTML tag and attribute you could use , even including explanations for what each attribute means ! If you get just one HTML book , get this one.Keep in mind that this book does not cover any WYSIWYG tools for creating HTML pages -LRB- such as FrontPage or Dreamweaver -RRB- . This is just for writing the HTML yourself with a text editor , or to assist you in using the WYSIWYG tool of your choice , as most of them allow you to manipulate the HTML and attributes manually .
 It is a great book for all new arrivals to the Web development and design world . The book 's title does n't indicate the real content , it is not just HTML , it is an introduction to web design covering HTML , JavaScript , Client-Programming , Server-Programming , CSS , XML , and many other topics . I recommend it to all beginners but wishing to become experts .
 This book is just spectacular!I have been a web developer for several years now , and I have read many books about HTML and related subjects . This book covers it all . But not only does the author cover HTML extensively , but he also covers XML , XHTML , CSS -LRB- extensively -RRB- , CSS2 , JavaScript , CGI , SSI , ASP , Coldfusion , and fonts.Many examples are given in both code and URL , discussion , and the thoroughness of the author 's coverage , makes this a first-rate book , in my opinion.Most remarkably , the author discusses this subject matter very simply and in a way that anyone can understand -LRB- probably -RRB- . I 've honestly never read a technical book as lucid as this one . I highly recommend it!If that was not enough , the book contains about 500 pages of appendices , covering extensively every topic related to web development that one might need . I 'm not saying you wo n't need any other books to make fabulous web pages , but this book is amazingly comprehensive . The author 's web site is nice too .
 The first thing you 'll notice about this book is its size , over 1000 pages for HTML , a bit much I first thought . However only the first few hundred pages cover HTML , and it 's covered extremely well to . If you have read any other book on HTML then you wo n't believe just how much has been missed out until you read this book . HTML is much bigger than you would have ever thought.The book teaches you a lot of theory , areas such as logical and physical structure , doctype definitions , media types , encoding types -LRB- to name but a few -RRB- are explored , and the usual tutorials on tables , frames , linking , image maps , graphics , meta tags etc are all there , but more information is provided.There is also a chapter dedicated to style sheets which covers both CSS1 and CSS2 . As HTML 4.0 encourages you to use style sheets instead of standard HTML , it was good to see this chapter . This was my first exposure to CSS and I 'm very confident using it now . I do n't believe you will have to buy an additional book on CSS.Other chapters include introductions to other technologies like JavaScript , server side programming , XML and DHTML , but these are only basic introductions , do not expect to learn these technologies from those chapters , they just give you a taste.The remainder of the book consists of the reference sections . These throughly cover -LRB- among other things -RRB- HTML and CSS . The HTML section includes additional tags and attributes specific to each browser , including those for webTv . Character encoding is also covered.I have only two criticisms of this book . Firstly it falls apart in your hands , so if you buy it expect to buy a binder as well . Secondly although the reference section is full and complete it is n't laid out very well.To sum up this book is both a tutorial and a reference and is always on my desk.I also own the third edition of this book but I do n't think it is as good as this edition .
 Book # 21 of this Space Opera is the beginning of a huge story arc , which concludes in Book # 41 , `` The Earth Dies '' . These mega-stories are called `` bands '' in the original German . This band deals with the first true encounter between the fledgling fleet of Terra and the might of the galactic empire.In `` The Cosmic Decoy '' we are reunited with Cadet Julian Tifflor , whom we met in the Mutant Master trilogy of stories . Cadet Tifflor is chosen by Perry Rhodan to become a Cosmic Decoy . At least four of the ships of the Terranian fleet have disappeared , and Rhodan wants to know where they went.In just the first book , we discover that the four missing ships were stolen by the Springers , a race of space-faring traders with no morals other than their own . Julian is prepared for this mission with a `` secret '' message - and a hidden special transmitter that is only capable of being received by people with telepathic powers , such as several members of Rhodan 's Mutant Corps . Even Tifflor is unaware that he is a living psychic transmitter . According to plan , Tifflor is kidnapped by the Springers , but he is whisked away to a secret base before Rhodan and his men can catch up . We meet a few of the Springers and begin the process via which Rhodan plans to make the universe believe that the Earth has been destroyed.Next episode - Number 23 - `` Fleet of the Springers '' . I 've never been this impressed by a series . I 'm reminded of old cliffhanger serials like `` Buck Rodgers '' or `` Flash Gordon '' when reading these marvelous books . This series is still being published in Germany and is now well over 2,000 stories . It 's too bad American publishers stopped after only about 120 books . I had to learn to speak , read , and write German in order to continue reading Perry Rhodan.This book contains another editorial , another science fiction movie section , and another letters column . There are also extra stories - one continuing adventure , similar to a serial , and some `` Shock Shorts '' - continuing a series of SF short stories at the end of each book . Although these stories have nothing to do with Perry Rhodan , they are worth looking at.It 's well worth reading the entire Rhodan series .
 Anyone who wants to understand the movies of the Soviet Union should start with this book . It is very thorough and written in a lively , bright style that is free of academic jargon.Kenez begins with the pre-Revolutionary film industry and shows how it broke down and was built back up by the Soviets . He pays equal attention to the `` high art '' films that were famous in the West for decades -LRB- those of Eisenstein and Pudovkin -RRB- and the entertainment films that attracted the average Soviet citizen -LRB- such as the musical comedies of the 1930s , like `` Volga-Volga . '' -RRB- He shows how Soviet movies responded to the imposition of Socialist Realism , World War II , and the cultural freeze of the late Stalin era.The only problem with this book is that it is TOO SHORT . Upon reaching the end , the reader wants to see Kenez tackle the films of the Khrushchev Thaw and the Brezhnev era . However , one should be thankful for what one has , and in this volume , one has a truly indispensible book .
 This is the story of three friends and their families . This trio consists of `` multicultural rejects '' ; Justin `` Jay '' is the gay child of Chinese immigrants ; Tien Ho , conceived out-of-wedlock during the Vietnamese War by a Vietnamese mother and African-American GI father ; and Gibbo , a chubby , white , socially inept Australian who yearns to be Asain . Each character feels out of place in society and clings to each other only to find that they are even out of place with each other.After drifting apart for a few years , their parents take action to bring them together . They orchestrate a dinner to celebrate the life of Princess Diana and watch the live coverage of her funeral . During the course of the dinner , Justin is outed , Tien 's fiance is knocked unconscious , everyone is ashamed when it occurs to them that they forgot Gibbo 's birthday . And to top it off , the food is awful!Despite this disastrous dinner , it sets a series of events in motion to reconcile not only the three friends , but the families . In the worst of times , Justin 's in a coma , Tien is getting divorced , and Gibbo is accused of being a stalker , they all come together to support each other.This book is captivating from the start and is wonderfully written . The author takes you on a journey with each character , bringing depth and perspective to the series of events . I came away from this book having learned something about people , life and relationships . For instance : Tien 's mother , Lihn , in love with a black American solider , is rejected by her family for her love . In a letter to her father , she quotes a Vietnamese author I 'd never heard of before , Nguyen Du : `` It blows one day & rains the nextHow often does chance favor us in the Spring?If you ignore and scorn my desperate loveyou 'll hurt me - yet what will it profit you ? `` The Tale of KieuThis passage struck me as relevant to my own life as many of my friends are in the stage of life where they are deciding who to spend the rest of their lives with . Not everyone is making good choices , in my opinion , and it 's always difficult to know when you should speak up to prevent disaster and when to let people make their own mistakes . There were other passages and messages in this book that were thought provoking and had me reflecting on my life.As good of a book as this was , I still have to give it an overall rating of a 4-stars because of the ending . It was a little too ... . happily ever after , for my taste .
 Hsu-Ming Teo 's novel was published in Australia in 2005 and released in the US this year . It is basically a story about three friends with multi-cultural backgrounds . Justin Cheong is a Chinese-Australian who is the picture-perfect son . His world becomes increasingly unstable as he comes to terms with his attraction to other men . Tien is the child of a Vietnamese woman and an African-American soldier . Living with her aunt and uncle in Australia , she straddles worlds of identity between Asian culture , Australian culture and wondering about her American father . Gibbo is a Caucasian Australian whose culture serves as a foil to the Asian . Overweight , Gibbo lacks confidence . He bonds with Justin & Tien as outcasts.Teo sets up the classic `` No Exit '' triangle where Justin loves Gibbo , Gibbo loves Tien , and Tien loves Justin . After the elementary to high school years , the friends draw apart . Justin goes camping with Gibbo with unfortunate results . Tien goes to prom with Gibbo with unfortunate results . The novel reunites them toward the end of college @ the Dead Diana Dinner -LRB- DDD -RRB- where relatives gather to morn the loss of the British princess and watch her funeral on TV . Here , the parents begin to take center stage and we go through their history . Gibbo 's mom has been like a mother to Tien , but backs off when Tien 's mother Linh finally arrives in Australia from Vietnam , via a Malaysian refugee camp . Gibbo 's dad is a brusque medical doctor who gets upset with Justin 's dad Tek and spills the beans about Justin 's sexual orientation . Meanwhile , everyone has forgotten that this is also the meek Gibbo 's 21st birthday . Tien plans to announce her engagement to Stanley , but Gibbo 's mom knocks him out thinking she 's caught an intruder.From the DDD , the novels spends several chapter in flashback as we learn all about Linh 's history and her love affair with American GI Bucky . We also flash forward to see Tien in San Francisco with her husband Stanley and follow them through his modern art phase and Tien 's flirtation with a new age feminist group that enjoys giving themselves haircuts in private places . Justin 's life resembles that country song , `` Looking for love in all the wrong places . '' Meanwhile , Gibbo develops an unwelcome attachment to Linh.This episodic novel sounds a bit melodramatic , but reads well . The characters are distinct and interesting , although none are perfect . Teo tries wax philosophical about the weaving of relationships into a lifetime pattern . For me , the Asian cultural self-analysis was interesting as people from various cultural backgrounds try to establish their own roots . Enjoy !
 Excellent novel about cultural/generational borderlands and the search for personal identity . Tells the story of three marginalised young outcasts who forge a strong bond of friendhip that helps see them through various life dramas . Teo is a highly intelligent writer who makes you care about her characters , she is also excellent at evoking the flavour of various cultures in her writing . A thought provoking tale of borders , boundaries and coming of age in the cultural melting pot of contemporary Australia , told with plenty of wit and heart .
 This is a humorous and delightful lesson in hygiene -LRB- not at all like what I encountered as a kid -RRB- and is fun , `` to boot '' ! I have to hand it to Michelle Bain , my daughter adores this and ... wonder of wonders ... asks more often to wash her hands .
 I had heard about this book from a friend of mine who lives in Missouri , who is a school nurse . My children 's school contacted the author and she came to our school with mascots and party favors for the kids . After reading her book Johnnie Finds A Buddy , she read this book to the kids and they went wild . She taught them the `` CLEAN HAND JIVE '' - her song about washing your hands . At their school they teach the importance of washing your hands and even have a unit in science and their health classes about this topic . Most of the children do not find the topic of hand hygeine very interesting . To see the reaction of the kids after Michelle Bain read the book to the children my kids school we were pleasantly suprised . Finally , an author came up with a `` spin '' on hand hygeine that was funny and impactful at the same time . I hope that this writer tackles many of these subjects in the future !
 My son loves this book -- he is still too young to understand the concept of germs but loves the characters . Their names are catchy and easy for young ones to remember . He requests this book daily and still has not tired of it .
 Anyone who has ever seen Tom Smith on Chronical will not be suprised by the quality of this book . Tom et al have created an epic anthology about a little known place in the world - Woburn , MA ! Prepare to be immediately drawn in by the history and use of language .
 I purchased this book hoping to find some history of the town that one of my ancestors Samuel Richardson , helped found . Although there was little mention of people from my direct line , this was an extremely interesting read of the history after the town was founded in 1630 . The history and characters are real and the various chapter authors did an excellent job of researching facts and putting them into facinating stories . This book gave me a better understanding of what several generations went through in order to make Woburn what it is today . This would be a great read for anyone interested in the early history of the United States .
 The title of this book , ` God was in the Place , & I , i Did not Know ' , may seem a bit cumbersome -LRB- and even , to some , looks like it has a typographical error . However , Rabbi Lawrence Kushner draws this title from the Torah , the book of Genesis to be precise . It is the exclamation of Jacob who , upon waking from his dream about the ladder connecting heaven and earth , makes a startling realisation about the reality of the seemingly mundane and ordinary place where he had stopped for the night.In the prologue , Kushner develops an exegesis and hermeneutic of Genesis 28:16 more fully , and in so doing , illustrates many of the problems we regularly encounter , both in reading scripture as well as in interpreting daily life experience . He places this story in strong connection with the ordinary , even relating the angels on the ladder to common humanity : ` There is another , even more obvious interpretation . The angels did not reside in heaven at all . They lived on earth . They were ordinary human beings . And , like ordinary human beings , they shuttled back and forth between heaven and earth . The trick is to remember , after you descend , what you understood when you were high on the ladder . ` Kushner examines the way in which sages have interpreted this passage , and provides insights into history , psychology , philosophy , and scriptural study in the process . Each interpretation has had what one might call a personal conversation and experience with Jacob . In fact , each of these interpreters is portrayed as being on the ladder , rising and descending . The text is structured in this way . The interpreters are : + RashiSchelomo ben Yitzhaki , RashiThe key word for this interpretation is awareness . This is very important for making the kind of realisation that Jacob made . It is very important for us as we perceive the presence of God in our own lives.If I had known God was here , I would n't have gone to sleep . + KotzkMenachem Mendl of KotzkThe key concept here is egotism . Only by stripping away the ego can one begin to understand the presence and the personality of God.God was here because I was able to subdue my ego . + LudomirHannah Rachel Werbermacher , the Maid of LudomirA remarkable woman , a teacher of the Hasidim -LRB- who listened to her teaching through a half-open door , so as to preserve distance , and perhaps preserve a fiction that they were not in fact being taught by a woman -RRB- , whose insight gave her access to the other side , or the many other sides , of stories being considered.God is present , even in the midst of evil . + MezritchDov Baer , the Maggid of MezritchThe word Maggid means ` storyteller ' . Through the stories , here the key is self-reflection , to find meaning in the innermost being , to find that still , small voice that can only speak in silence and the absence of our own activity.God was here because I stopped being aware of myself . + NachmaniShmuel bar MachmaniWho was Jacob , and why should he know this ? Who is God , and why should God do this ? These are questions that are historical as much as theological or psychological , and it is in our history and God 's history that we find meaning and identity.I could have climbed this ladder of history . + De LeonMoses ben Shem Tov de LeonA remarkable book , lost for a time , whose existence was denied even by Moses de Leon 's widow , the Zohar , gives astonishing insight into the interior of God , reality , and our selves , and how to find a deep connection that is always present and never finished . Attributed to another author , Shimon bar Yohai , Kushner speculates that perhaps they shared the same soul . The completeness of the self of the universe connects through Jacob 's story here.I is the Lord your God + OstropolShimshon ben Pesach OstropolerBeyond the question and awareness of the self of God and the self of the universe is the self , basic and simple , complex and intricate . Rabbi Shimshon put names to the kelipot , the broken shards of creation . We are all a part of a whole , a broken piece in and of ourselves . Our awareness of this helps begin the process of reunion.I did n't know that my name was part of God 's nameEach interpreter 's chapter stands on its own merits , but each is connected to the other , and to a wider body of interpretation and scholarship , by the use of side notes and references done in -LRB- what I would describe as being -RRB- a proto-talmudic structure . The Talmud has been described by some as one of the world 's first hypertexts , with cross-links and chains that lead through the text -- this book does similar linking.Rabbi Kushner concludes by linking all the stories to the reader : ` Each person has a Torah , unique to that person , his or her innermost teaching . Some seem to know their Torahs very early in life and speak and sing them in a myriad of ways . Others spend their whole lives stammering , shaping and rehearsing them . Some are long , some are short . Some are intricate and poetic , others are only a few words , and still others can only be spoken through gesture and example . But every soul has a Torah . ` The relative place of self -LRB- both as an I and as an i -RRB- in God 's life and universe becomes more apparent through these stories . Human beings are important , yet who can be important in relation to God ? Yet , who is not important in relation to God ? May this work help you discern where God is in your life , and what you are called to be .
 As you have gathered from the main review , this book focuses on the meaning of just one verse in Genesis , when Jacob awoke from the ladder dream . Usually Rabbis pick up on a verse just a couple verses back where `` the Angels of God were going up and down the ladder '' . The focus is that they start on Earth and go to Heaven - not the other way around.This book is great because it is like there is a dialog accross the space-time continuumn with 7 Rabbis in different locations and centuries arguing about their 7 different interpretations.One interpretation based on the fact that there are two `` I 's '' in the verse spelled differently in Hebrew . It is that my Godlike `` I '' did not know God was present because my ego `` i '' was in the way . Jacob 's chance to experience God was diminished because the ego `` i '' was ragiling off its commentary . This concept is similar to Buddism.Kushner adds an 8th interpretaion in his prolouge - which I wo n't spoil by going into detail . I heard Kushner talk at a Synagouge in Austin , Texas and he summarized his interpretation by finishing , `` Hold up your hands before your eyes . You are looking at the hands of God . `` A great book on modern Jewish mystism .
 Kushner walks us through the exegetical vantage points of seven different rabbis , each looking at the same text . Jacob awakes from a dream about a ladder -LRB- Gen 28:16 -RRB- , and declares that he has experienced God . Kushner then poetically imagines the seven rabbis ascending and descending the ladder to teach us how to read the text . What results is a beautifully poetic look at the biblical text itself , a clever mode of teaching us Jewish history and midrash , and a fully postmodern system of acknowledging the existence of multiple perspectives . As with Kushner 's other works -LRB- cf. Jewish Spirituality -RRB- it evolves into a mystical climax in which the reader and text are equated.The seven are :1 . Rashi -LRB- Rabbi Shelomo ben Yitzhaki , @ 1050 -RRB- . He calls us to focus on the literal text without distraction , without background noise . He says that the real miracle of the burning bush required Moses to pay attention for more than a minute to realize that it was not burning -LRB- p. 24 -RRB- .2 . Kotzk -LRB- Menachem Mendl of Kotzk , 1787-1859 -RRB- . He said that we needed to destroy our egos and should begin by calling ourselves liars -LRB- p. 38 , 54 -RRB- . We should do this through gemilut hasidim , acts of selflessness -LRB- p. 51 -RRB- . Kotzk later in life condemned himself to solitude , only occasionally stepping onto his balcony to yell into the crowd , `` You are all liars ! `` 3 . Ludomir -LRB- Hannah Rachel Werbermacher , 1805-1892 -RRB- . The only woman on the list , she called us to see that God was there even in the midst of evil . Teaching men through a half open door -LRB- p. 58 -RRB- , she taught them that God does not intervene in human affairs without human agency -LRB- p. 62 -RRB- . In fact , we are to assume that the fall in the garden was an act of God . God was present with Jacob in the angel that wrestled with him .4 . Mezritch -LRB- Dov baer of Mezritch , d. 1772 -RRB- . He says that the goal of the religious life is devekut , cleaving to God -LRB- p. 84 -RRB- . Forced to follow a monk whose job it is to wash dishes -LRB- p. 87 -RRB- , he discovers that the purpose of life is to escape self-reflection to throw one 's self whole-heartedly into one 's role . Otherwise , as in a game of racquetball -LRB- p. 89 -RRB- , the self is always distracted when it focuses on anything other than its purpose . The self then becomes fragmented , with one part looking back at the rest to analyze its existence . `` Too much concentration can be worse than none at all '' -LRB- p. 90 -RRB- . We should be like the husband whose quest it is to find the right food for the pregnant wife in the middle of the night -LRB- p. 103 -RRB- . The `` I did not know '' of the Genesis text really refers to not paying attention to the `` I. `` 5 . Nachmani -LRB- Samuel bar Nachmani , late 3rd c. -RRB- . He sees in the story the issue of Jacob needing to become part of history , to take hold of history and enter into it .6 . De Leon -LRB- Moses be Shem Tov de Leon , 1240-1305 -RRB- . De Leon wrote out a book called the Zohar -LRB- p. 130 -RRB- , and though he attributed it to a long-dead rabbi , he seems to have produced it himself . He says that the we are to accept who we are and put aside the veil of deceptive pseudo-identities . God 's primary activity is to free us from the slavery to those self-deceptions . If God had a business card , the subline would read , `` Frees slaves , '' and then `` Call anytime '' -LRB- p. 144 -RRB- . God is the sense of self , the `` I , '' the Anochi , which is free .7 . Ostropol -LRB- Shimson ben Pesach Ostropoler , d. 1648 -RRB- . He would say that it should be read , `` God was in this place and I did not know it was i. '' We are somehow an indispensable part of God -LRB- p. 173 -RRB- . To look at your own hands is to look at the hands of God -LRB- p. 174 -RRB- . Somehow Abraham 's father Terah was redeemed by the activities of Abraham himself . There is an old legend of Abraham smashing Terah 's idols , and the conclusion is that the idolatries are redeemed by the son who is a part of him.The conclusion is that the text can be read legitimately through multiple lenses , and as we do so , our eyes are increasingly opened by and to the text . God may speak in any number of ways through our interaction with the text.It 's a brilliant book , unlike most , both poetic and intelligent .
 Rabbi Kushner takes a single line from the Torah and then gives seven traditional commentaries ranging from a 3rd century Palestinian rabbi to the `` Maid of Ludomir , '' who flourished 1500 years later . With each commentary , Kushner is able to shed light on a different aspect of God and extend each rabbinical reading into a comtemporary perspective . This is a marvelous melding of rabbinical scholarship and the renewed sense of spirituality in Judaism .
 I discovered this book in a search for something new about the story of Jacob to enhance a short sermon . The book drew me into the world of 2500 years of Torah scholarship ; into its great traditions of exposition , argument and story telling.The clear way in which Rabbi Kushner presents great thoughts of Torah scholars , his writing style , and love of their wisdom , allow the reader to `` be '' at once a yeshiva student and a friend worthy of intimate conversation . The chapter on De Leon - Rabbi Luria - which presents the 10 commandments as a circular system , offers unique insight.Rabbi Kushner 's longing for the Messiah , which is so evident in his writing has added much to my understanding of my own faith.Rabbi Kushner 's liberal use of story to explain on many levels that which is difficult to explain at all sheds a new light on the `` parables '' of JesusI eagerly seek out any word of a new book . It is a blessing that when other baby boomers were rejecting their faith and their heritage , Lawrence Kushner was embracing his , and doing all the hard work with the result that his readers are drawn to the Light . He is my most precious spiritual mentor .
 This is an awesome book . Life changing . An awesome book . It is one of the best I have ever read . A must read . Very healing . I have given it to literally dozens of friends over the years . Get it . You will not be disappointed !
 I do really love this book!It was actually my first reading about Jewish Spirituality , and i have to say , what an excellent way to think and analize the Bible they have.It will give you seven different views about Jacob and the ladder and what really happened there.I learned a lot of things , good and important things.So i will recommend it .
 What I did n't like about this book , was that I had finished reading it ! Do you know the feeling of being so engaged you do n't want it to end ? This is what I am speaking of . The truth of the matter is we can continue to learn what a vast multitude of sages and scholars have to say about this quote from Genesis . One of the things which makes life interesting is just when you think you have given thought to every possible explanation , there are always those you have n't thought of , read , etc. . What is even more amazing is that these diverse interpretations are all correct!Kushner is a wonderful author whose writings invite you in for a nice hot cup of tea , like an old friend , or member of the family . His writing is scholarly , and yet at the same time , warm and friendly . His light shines so brightly in this world ! Buy this book , pull a blanket onto your lap on the sofa , have a nice hot cup - or 7 - of tea . Relax , enjoy , and allow yourself to be taken to a wonderful and interesting place . A place of wonder , and awe . This book not only gives one pause , but also leaves one feeling G-d 's love.This was one of my favorite books!What The Torah Teaches Us About Spirituality / Through Isaac 's Own Spiritual JourneyWhat the Torah Teaches Us About SurvivalCompanion Workbook to What The Torah Teaches Us About Survival
 A marvelous book ! It was easy to read , thought provoking , and inspirational . I highly recommend it .
 The only problem I had with this book was that it seemed to brush over some big ideas . Things would be stated that the author seemed to assume the reader would agree with without delving further into it . But I would still reccomend this book , because it 's a great example of the many meanings that can be found in the Torah -- even in just one verse !
 A selection of short stories based on a science fiction theme . This book is highly recommened and it is a complete shame that it 's out of print . `` The Giftie Gie Us '' is about a post apocalyptic world where justice is won the hard way and love is even harder to find . `` The Dreamsender '' is a story about a possible future where very special people can go into others dreams and send messages , or just talk to them . `` Dreamsending '' does n't seem to have anything to do with time and space ... meaning that a person can just as easily send messages across the galaxy as they can to their next door neighbor . So when a conspiracy happens on the moon and men seem to be kidnapped how do they get messages in and out of their prison ? `` The Energy Crisis of 2215 '' is about humanity needing more energy for the earth . They capture a black hole to fulfill this requirement . What they do n't know is the black hole is unstable and sitting right next to the earth . `` Return to the Fold '' is about a person that has been conditioned since birth to want to be away from other people . Not only can he not stand being in the same room as someone else , he ca n't stand being in a room someone else was in . This works well on space voyages lasting twenty or thirty years , but horrible when a person wants to be like everyone else . What is he to do ? `` The Shadows of Evening '' is about humans colonizing another planet and an indigenous life form that does n't like technology . This life form encircles anything technological and tries to get rid of any people around it . There is a special group of men that can get rid of these `` shadows '' and have been doing it for generations . When a new , easier way is found to rid the world of `` shadows '' these highly trained , highly respected Shadow Warriors are no longer needed . These men start to resent the newly trained Mindmasters . `` Not Always To The Strong '' is the sequel to `` The Shadows of Evening . '' In this story a rich man wants to control the newly made Mindmasters . To do this he gets the help of some of the best Shadow Warriors he can , including the main character in the last story . `` The Challenge '' is about humanities obsession with video games and an alien race watching us from the outside . `` The Cassandra '' is about humans that can see disasters and death in the future . Sometimes their predictions are right , usually they 're not . Or so people assumed ... `` Dragon Pax '' is about what happens to a planet after mankind has had a war that turned human civilization throughout the universe into chaos . On this planet there is a ruler called the Dragonmaster . This man has absolute power over gigantic dragons that can cause death and mayhem to anyone he desires . Does this man really want to have the kind of government he has for this country or will he make someone stand forward to help bring democracy to this world ? `` Job Inaction '' is about a future Earth where people get jobs based on a lottery rather then work experience , or education . In this future world a man is fired because of a computer glitch and he must find a way to either get his job back or make money some other way . `` Teamwork '' is about an alien spacecraft that lands on Earth and makes humans into slaves . A special group of people must go in and destroy the craft and save the humans aboard . `` The Final Report on the Lifeline Experiment '' is about a psychic man that decides to find out when humans have human thought patterns . The consequences of his actions are unforeseen by him or anyone else until years in the future . `` Cascade Point '' is about a space ship lost in time and space and what they have to do to get back to their Earth .
 An excellent collection of early short fiction by Zahn . I particularly liked `` Shadows of Evening '' and the sequel `` Not only to the Strong '' . Some stories are clearly showing a writer still learning his craft , but are still very good , and the title story is top-notch .
 The average work about socialism talks about such dry topics as economics and politics . This essay does n't do any of that . It goes into art , and even pseudo-psychology -LRB- one could say -RRB- . It covers a broad variety of topics in a short amount of pages . I agree with almost everything said in this book . It 's definitely worth reading and will really make you think .
 I 'm reading a lot about true socialism and this is one book I would have hated to miss . Glad to have found it and I 'm pleased to say that I enjoyed it very much . I do recommend it .
 This is probably the best essay I have ever read . It has defined my political reviews still today . It 's a work of true romanticism .
 The Soul of Man under Socialism was a very interesting little book . Although , I do n't believe Oscar Wilde 's interests included the common Socialist schools . Yet , socialism was the fad of the day . Many intellectuals were interested in the theories , but Oscar was in his eyes an artist and an Individualist . Capital `` I '' on individualist.I could n't find a date for this writing , but I believe his legal problems and the rumors preceding his legal problems were actually the motivation , and not economics or politics.As many artists and I consider myself one , believe their work and their life are one . Oscar showed his colors as far as common people go . I could not imagine him an equal to a chimney sweep or a waiter.Oscar was hurt and he was attempting to argue that life style , and art , especially his , should be free from the common people 's rules . Poetry was not controlled because nobody read poetry.I find Oscar Wild a very human elitist and although I thought it sad , I enjoyed his work immensely and this work was no different . -LRB- PS
 Although the title is the soul of man under socialism , the theoretical basis for what he talks about would be more of a collective anarchy commune which fosters his individualism more than the socialisms that we have seen in theory and practice in the last couple of centuries.This is an interesting little essay because of its meandering nature . it starts out as a political tract , then veers into a brief on aesthetics and then tries to synthesize the two at the end . For me , its process felt unsuccessful , but at least there are many places that can be quotable.Quotable -- to the point that I wanted to , in a half-hearted daydream , to imagine using this text as a theoretical basis to look at Wilde 's own creative work to see if he meets his own aesthetic standards . While that project may not be worthwhile , the reading of this essay is worthwhile .
 Ill try and type on my puny K three keyboard so bear with me here . This witing is about an ideal very popular in his time . Socialism has been incorporated into the US and other free world governments everywhere . Like any great concept it had to be blended with its polar opposite capitalism . This was most evident in the sixties and Nixons HMO programs of the seventies . Hey it gave birth to a compromise that led to a golden age of todays unprecidented easy lifestyles . Any person would be insane to want to go back in time and live their hardships . Think about it ...
 I read this book , translated to the portuguese , here in Brazil.This book was writen , in XIX century.About socialism , this book is prophetic.This book does n't talks , only about socialism , but also about other things.This book is short , very easy to read , and even after more than 120 years later , this book is still , better than many other options to read about socialism .
 I am in love with the Little Critter books and so is my 3 year old son . This one in particular my son loved from the first page . He wanted to make his own peanut butter sandwich after reading it and I let him ! He was so proud , just like Little Critter was with his PB and pickle sandwich . Great book .
 We love all the little critter books . They are always so colorful and fun to read . We also add a little more fun by trying to find the frog , spider and mouse on each page . In some of the books there is just the spider , in some it is just the mouse , and in others it is both . Sometimes there is a frog and a grasshopper too . They are hidden a lot of the time and it is fun to try to search them out .
 My kids love the little critter books , and this is no exception . Great for my 3 year old , and even my 7 year old isnt bored too much by it . He enjoys reading it to his little brother at bedtime .
 This was definitely worth reading ! I became a fan of Christine Feehan only a few months ago and I hope she continues to write often as I have enjoyed all of her novels so far . This story was very enjoyable and interesting . I enjoyed the interaction between the two main characters and also some of the secondary characters , especially the children . It was a little predicatable , but there is still a quality in Christine Feehan 's writing that grabs you and keeps you interested ... and wishing that it had not ended!The only compliants I have is that one of the brothers characters was undeveloped to the point that it did not make sense , as well as the `` special gifts '' that both the main characters had . The authors seemed to imply some power beyond ESP , but yet never expanded or provided any sort of explanation for these `` gifts '' . I am really looking forward to the next novel . I hope it will be a continuation -LRB- perhaps the Don 's brother ? -RRB- of this story . I am also still hoping for more vampire romances as well !
 This book was awesome . A fast paced , riveting novel by an author I am coming to find just CAN NOT disappoint me . I am hooked on her Carpathians and now find that I will run just as fast to the bookstore when her next gothic comes out.THE SCARLETTI CURSE is a terrific love story and mystery set in a supposedly cursed castle that has everything from grinning gargoyles to an impressive maze . The hero and heroine are just as riveting in their fascinatin for each other and then their entanglement in the mystery of THE SCARLETTI CURSE . I highly recommend this book to all readers , Feehan fan or not . But be warned , by the time you turn the last page of this book you will be hooked on Christine Feehan .
 OH MY , OH MY , SHE HAS DONE IT AGAIN.TO THE ONES THAT HAVE MS.FEEHAN 'S OTHER BOOKS YOU NEED NO INTDUCTION , TO HER FINE WORK.TO THE ONES THAT DO N'T KNOW ABOUT HER DARK SERIES . THIS IS A GOOD BOOK TO GET TO KNOW ABOUT MS.FEEHAN WORK.NICOTETTA AND GIOVANNI STORY IS SO POWERFUL , THAT YOU DO N'T WANT THIS BOOK TO END , ONLY LOVE AND MAGIC COULD KEEP THEM AT EACH OTHER SIDE.A KEEPER ... 4 STARS
 Wonderful book ! Very few fans of Feehan 's Dark series seem to realize that although this book is not part of the Dark series , is the children and children 's children of this couple will tie in to the Dark series later . Bryon 's lifemate will come from this line . But if you want to learn about what 's going to happen in the future books in this series as well as the Dark series , then go to Feehan 's web page . You can use any search engine to get to it . But this book really is wonderful ! It can really stand on it 's own ! I ca n't wait for more from this author . The publishing company needs to publish her stuff quicker than this ! Ca n't wait till Darius 's story , Dark Fire ! Feel free for anyone to e-mail with any questions ! I 'll sell you on these books !
 The heroine , Nicoletta is the village healer . Overlord Don Giovanni exercises his right to select a village girl as his bride and chooses Nicoletta against her wishes . His home , the Palazzio , is a foreboding place , mysterious and frightening to the villagers ... a place with a history of death . Giovanni is able to communicate with Nicoletta mind to mind ... the only similarity to the Dark Series Heroes ... bringing a subtle sensuality to their burgeoning relationship ... a welcome change from the `` pounce on each other in the first chapter '' genre . Feehan continues to bring us dark heroes and independant heroines who find love in the sharing of each others gifts .
 I first started reading mrs. feehan thru her wonderful `` Dark '' series books , and havent been able to put any of her books down yet . The scarletti curse is no different . Even though it is a definite change from the `` dark '' series , it still has her unusual but excellent writing style . I 'm giving this book a four instead of a five because it started off a little slow in the beginning , but once it got going i couldnt put it down . It 's a great start for a new series of christine feehan books .
 I first started reading mrs. feehan thru her wonderful `` Dark '' series books , and havent been able to put any of her books down yet . The scarletti curse is no different . Even though it is a definite change from the `` dark '' series , it still has her unusual but excellent writing style . I 'm giving this book a four instead of a five because it started off a little slow in the beginning , but once it got going i couldnt put it down . It 's a great start for a new series of christine feehan books .
 I have really enjoyed Ms. Feehan 's Dark series , so was eager to read her new book . This is a true gothic with just enough paranormal elements to help build a relationship between the hero and heroine . Nicoletta has special `` gifts '' which her entire village tries to keep a secret , however , it is the presence of these gifts which draws Don Scarletti to her . He has `` gifts '' of his own . Nicoletta is n't immediately enchanted with the idea of marriage to the Don . Unlike some authors , who use the `` I hate you ! '' temper tantrum to ignite passion between the main characters , Ms. Feehan uses the empathy and sensitivity of her characters to achieve it . The love scenes are wonderful , though not very plentiful . So if you 're looking for the same amount and intensity of love scenes as in the Dark books , you may be dissappointed . I read this in one sitting and could n't put it down . The story is riveting .
 While this book holds original elemsts found in the Dark series , The Scarletti Curse is a breathtaking change for Feehan . True to the Gothic style , this book is written with beautiful images and language . Bravo !
 I took this book with me on a business trip and it kept me entertained and engrossed the entire trip . Since I am collecting the Candlelight series but I wanted my friends to share in this book , I just had to run out and buy copies for them . There are so many twists and turns in the plots that you will never be bored and the conclusion is very satisfying and complete . Great read .
 Kept me on my toes the whole time . So many twists and turns , a great mystery and historical romance noval . Wonderful !!!!
 You can read the narrative on this book so I wo n't get into the details , but let me just say ... Wow ! I have never been a reader of Christine Feehan , I picked it up at the local grocery store , went home and started to read it . I assumed like a lot of romance novel I have read , I will have to skim read until it gets into the real story . Needless to say , I was very wrong . I started to read it and in the first chapter it grabbed me and I could n't put it down . I read it in one day -LRB- of course I got no work done -RRB- but it was well worth it . I have 5 other friends waiting for this book . You must read it . I am going to check out some of her other writings . I hope they are all that gripping .
 Another great book from Christine Feehan . I have read all of her dark series books and love them . This book was also great and not disappointed at all . Ca n't wait until she writes another book about the brother . And of course I am patiently waiting for some more dark series books !!!
 I recommend this this book , because it has a sturctured world , that is natural and realistic . I like all of these books .
 I had such a wonderful time reading this book . it was filled with romance and adventure on every page ! I would highly recommend this book !!!
 I really love the way Christines writing &#9829; The Dark Series especially . Will buy again and keep up with all her book series .
 While I do n't consider it the best of Ms. Feehan 's books that I have read , The Scarletti Curse is an intriguing story that is very solid . The protaganists are believable and interesting . If you like Ms. Feehan 's books I can recommend this one as an addition to your library .
 Just Awesome ! I read it twice in a row , because I had to keep reading fast at first to see who the bad guy or girl was . So I went back and re read it , and it just melted me ! Enough intrique , and romance that it just kept me hooked ! I couldnt get enough ! Laughed out loud and cried . the best !
 I read this book because I read Dark symphany and wanted to know the back story . i am glad I did it was wonderful . Misterious , romantic , funny and sometimes scary . I loved every minute of it . If you are Dark Seriers fan I promise you wo n't be disappointed.PML from Queens .
 Once again Christine Feehan has written an interesting tale . Every book I have read is better than the prior one . The characters come alive and you feel as if you are there with them . I have read stories in all of her series and I ca n't decide which series is my favorite . They are all intriguing .
 I just love Christine Feehans writing and this is just another to add to the growing list of favorites.The Scarletti Curse was an amazing book with a great story the main characters relationship was enjoyable and at times made me laugh . Nicoletta was a feisty and wonderfully defiant women with a sweet and loving nature and Don Scarletti was the dark mysterious and dangerous man with a bad rep however when the two come together it makes a brilliant piece of work and I JUST LOVED IT from the beginning . You can just picture it in your mind everytime the Don arches his eyebrow at Nicoletta because of something she has done.One word for this womans work ... . AMAZING
 I loved this book , the way the author describes the enviroment and plot really pulls you in to another world . I loved the slow build up of trust and growing attraction between Nicoletta and the Don .
 This book was soo good you will not regret buying . I love how the characters were made and the mystery part of this story . Tops to the writer !
 I love this book , Christine Feehan is a great writer . I have all of the books that are related to this series . Love them all . This was part of her Dark series but a little different which I liked that it was its own thing but related to a series I was already into . She has another book coming out soon & I cant wait . If you havent tried her books before , you should !
 I Loved this book . Heart pounding romance and action , keep you going though the whole storie . I say this is a Must Read !
 This was a great book . I have read several of Christine 's Dark series so I knew that this would be a page turner and it was . This one is a gothic historical romance . It does n't have Vampires or Carpathiansin it but the lack of those does n't diminish this book one bit . This is the story of the village healer , a beautiful girl names Nicoletta and the Fierce , dark and cursed Don Giovanni Scarletti . Nicoletta comes to the Scarletti family home which is known by its nickname Palazzo della Morte , or in English palace of death , to help save Giovanni 's young niece . She also has to treat him as he is ill also . She is strangly drawn to him even though she resists . After she returns to the village the Don envokes his right of choosing his bride from the villages on his land . She tries to hide but he finds her and makes her his bride . Together they must fight the evil that is threatening to kill them both and over come the Curse . There is many instances of humor and I found myself wanting to read more after the book was done . There are some very interesting secondary characters that I think would make good heros and heroines for possible future books . Get this book . You 'll really enjoy it .
 The Scarletti Curse is the story of a young and very innocent healer , Nicoletta , who is chosen to stand beside a powerful Don , the Don Scarletti , whom even the king feared . The story centers around the curse on the Scarletti 's , where the women they love end up dead , and where most women who come to the Palazzo Scarletti die , including Nicoletta 's mother and aunt . Nicoletta -LRB- a healer -RRB- , herself , is chosen via bride contract by the Don Scarletti -LRB- a Telepath -RRB- , and the story developed from there , with many twists and turns . The characters were well developed and the story line kept you guessing until the end . I was so hooked that I finished it in one night , the same night I got it through the mail.Christine has done it again . I picked up the `` Scarletti Curse '' , uncertain on what I would find . On one hand , she has been consistent in writing books with great character development and great story lines in her `` Dark '' series about the Carpathians . On the other , this was a non-Carpathian book , though a Gothic , so I did not know whether she could make the transition . She made the transition extremely well and created another keeper for my keeper shelf.Christine has proven that she can write differently and Scarletti Curse was refreshingly interesting . I am anticipating and hoping that she will expand this into a series . -LRB- Spoiler here
 As a fan of gothic and paranormal stories , this book appealed to me . True , it had a lot more sex than Victoria Holt or other gothic writer favorites ever included in their books , but it did n't take away from my enjoyment.Nicolette is a free spirit with a secret . She was born with the gift of healing and knowing when somebody needed her.The villagers depend on her healing skills and rally around her to keep her hid from outsiders . They know Nicolette could be burned as a witch , otherwise . Don Giovanni , the dark brooding aristocrat , wants Nicolette the first time he sees her . Though his family lives under a curse that all of their women will die , he is determined to make Nicolette his bride.I do n't believe in giving too much information in a review so I wo n't say what happens between them . The book is very atmospheric with the castle and it 's sinister wall carvings , the brothers and grandfather who have all lost their wives , and last but not least , the hero with his own gift . One thing I liked about the hero is he was arrogant , but not overly so . He had a soft , gentle side that overshadowed his arrogance , at least to me . I hate heros who are overly arrogant simply because they are men.This was my first book by this author and I am looking forward to reading Dark Prince , another book I have by her .
 I became a fan of Christine 's writing through her `` Dark '' series and although this ventured into different territory I was not disappointed . Christine 's style and gift for writing wonderful heroes and heroines along with a fascinating story is not lost . Nicoletta is a strong , compassionate , courageous heroine that learns to make the best of a frightening and seemingly hopeless situation . She is forced into marriage with the mysterious Giovanni Scarletti , who 's reputation of darkness and danger strikes fear in the hearts of most in her village . To make matters worse once married she will be forced to live in the cursed Scarletti palazzo secretly nicknamed the `` Palazzo Della Morte '' where few women who enter manage to escape with their lives . Despite her hesitation she soon discovers there is a powerful attraction between she and Giovanni and seeks to unravel the mystery surrounding her own mother 's death in the castle years ago . Is Giovanni the monster her fellow villagers whispered he was or could there be much more to him than she first imagined ? Giovanni is just the type of hero I enjoy , like the heroine he is one that can both frighten me yet manage to touch my heart at the same time . The story kept me on the edge of my seat . For fans of the paranormal there is that aspect as well . Nicoletta is gifted with a healing power and Giovanni has the power to speak directly into your mind . Kudos to Christine , for the many hours of enjoyment her novels provide !
 Ms. Feehan has written another entertaining , and engrossing book . I got very little sleep the day I sat down to read Scarletti Curse , I did n't stop until I had read every page.Ms . Feehan 's gothic bears her trademark paranormal touch . The hero , Don Giovanni Scarletti has telepathic abilities and the heroine , Nicoletta has healing abilities . While helping the Don 's sick niece , Nicoletta catches the eye of the Giovanni , who decides that he wants her for his bride . Nicoletta is less than thrilled at that honor , since both her mother and aunt were killed under suspicious circumstances while employed at Palazzo Scarletti , a.k.a Palazzo della Morte -LRB- palace of death -RRB- . Thus begins the tale of our fair hero and heroine . Will the Don be able to win Nicoletta ` s heart ? Should Nicoletta trust Giovanni ? Will Nicoletta be the next victim of the Scarletti curse ? What dark secret is the Scarletti family hiding ? Strap up and get ready for one heck of ride as Nicoletta and Giovanni learn things that they never expected about themselves , and each other.Looking forward to reading more from this author .
 Please keep in mind if you are an avid fan of Feehan , this is a different style of writing for her . I love her Dark Series and was even more impressed with her new Gothic novel . Our dark hero is made from the same mold that created her Dark Series men
 I 've really like Christine Feehan Gothic stories , I have to admite that I had finish reading this book since June but have n't had the chance to write my review till now.This book is dark and mysterious which is filled with suspense and sensuality . Nicoletta is a very likable heroine with healing gift 's . She embrace life with such open arms and feet -LRB- you 'll understand once you read it -RRB- . Her compassionate nature and youthful innocence is quite endearing . Giovanni 's character is such a mystery which makes you want to know him and his family even more . The way he treats Nicoletta with such tenderness is such a contrast from how people perceived him to be.Christine Feehan has done well in describing the atmosphere within the palazzo , including the design and architecture lending to the eeriness of the story , there were some parts that dragged a bit but I guess she wanted the readers to have a good visual through out the read .
 Having read Feehan 's `` Dark '' series , I have to say that I think this is her best book ever . THE SCARLETTI CURSE is a true gothic romance , and people who love gothics -- like me -- will definitely want to read it.The book has elements that were in Feehan 's vampire novels and which will be familiar to that audience
 I must confess that I was very leery to begin reading this book . My feelings have nothing to do with Ms. Feehan 's writing style . I so love Christine 's Dark series , I feared that I would inevitably begin to make comparisons and would find this book a major disappointment . It was n't . There is a terrible curse which plagues the Scarletti men . Every woman who enters the Palazzo as a bride winds up dead . What or ... whom is causing these fatal accidents?Nicoletta is a healer who possesses `` special '' gifts . Deep within her being she senses when someone needs her . She is drawn to the great Palazzo knowing that there is a young girl inside who is desperately ill . Once inside those forbidding walls , she encounters Don Giovanni Scarletti known as Il Demonico -LRB- The demon -RRB- . He is dark , brooding and utterly dangerous . Nicoletta instinctively senses the potential threat he poses to her yet she is drawn to him as he is to her . Even the knowledge of his dark and deadly reputation can not sever the attraction from growing.Don Scarletti also possesses his own `` gifts '' and chooses her for a bride . What initially begins as a duty for Nicoletta turns into passion than into love . Will Nicoletta suffer the same fate as others have ? Or will her unwavering love and ulfaltering courage finally bring an end to the family 's deadly curse?You have to read the book in order to find out those answers and more . Enjoy !
 This is a very good background book for the Dark Series by Christine Feehan . Very romantic , sometimes a little slow , but still worth reading !!
 Christine Feehan has done it again . This is absolutely one of the best of the best for this year , and the year is n't even half over . I know that most books will never match the absolute intensity and drive that Christine 's books do . I judge all others by her , and few come close.Christine , you have made many readers very happy with this new effort . You are an awesome , talented writer with the flair for the dramatic , and with a heart for the tender . Thank you for your talent , you never cease to amaze !
 for those of you intrested in gothic romance this is it i di n't even know i would like them until i read this book this could be one of the best books written by christine feehan , as much as i would hate somebody to read my mind but Don scarletti does it in such a romantic way , you can almost feel it yourself .
 I wish Christine Feehan would send her books to one of the TV studio 's writers or even the motion picture studios . This would be a great TV series or even movies . . I loved the books and the idea of a good vampire . The one series they had on TV I never missed . Buffie and Angel , I do not like but Ms Feehan 's fiction is great . I wish she could put the books out quicker . I have the whole set and ca n't wait for the next one out . I keep watching for it at my nearest book store . Helen Close
 This is another of Christine Feehan brilliant books . She can make you part of that , that is written . You start reading and you ca n't put it down , I know I could n't . If you enjoy books of physical , telpathic and romance you will love this . Every time I read one of her books they just get better .
 I really love The Scarletti Curse , having reread it for more than 5 times I believe.The pacing is good , with enough action , excitement and unconditional love -LRB- a necessity to destroy the evil curse at work -RRB- . The book starts with village girl Nicoletta being summoned to accompany the village `` healer '' Maria Pia , who raised Nicoletta since her mother 's death , to the Scarletti Palazzo . They keep this charade to prevent the people at the palazzo knowing about Nicoletta 's extraordinary healing powers -LRB- this heritage is explained in the Carpathian book `` Dark Symphony , in which the lifemate is a descendant of the main characters/couple -RRB- . As Maria Pia is a midwife herself this causes no problem.At the palazzo the patients turned out to be Don Giovanni Scarletti and his niece Sofia , suffering from food poisoning . While both `` healer '' and assistant do their work , Don Scarletti keeps observing Nicoletta , asking her questions when Maria Pia fell asleep and after many dissatisfying non-answers says `` I am not so blind as you and the healer seem to think '' ! A few days later the `` healer '' and assistant were summoned to the palazzo again , but this time Nicoletta knows that no one is ill . Maria Pia therefore went back to the Palazzo with another assistant , but this assistant is old and when asked about Nicoletta kept telling the Don how wonderful and extraordinary she really is . This gives Don Giovanni a reason to choose a bride at The Bridal Convent . His choice is Nicoletta , who gets escorted -LRB- begging and struggling -RRB- back to the palazzo by the Don.In the following days up to and after the wedding arguments heat up , a few murders commited , the staff gossip , while Nicoletta grows into the role of the Lady of the Palazzo .
 What an excellent book . Great use of characters and character growth . The chracters are revealed slowly in layers . Multidimensional supporting characters . There are a pair of young girls that are so well created you can hear the russle of their gowns and the patter of their feet running down the palazzo 's corridors . A mystery that grows slowly throughout the book . Wonderful sense of the time and place . I have cried 3 times while reading this book.The level of mystery and intrigue reminds me of her Ghostwalker series which has the same depth of conspiracy interwoven into the romance.This is certainly one of Christine Feehan 's defining works .
 this is an interesting novelNicoletta is the main heroineand Don Scarletti is the main heromany deaths have happened in the Scarletti familythe youngest child has taken illand Nicoletta is summoned to Scarletti Hall/Manor/WhateverShe happens to be the village 's healerbut she goes in the guise as the apprentice to a healerbecause she does not want to be questioned on her methods for fear of being named a witchafter Nicoletta heals the youngest Scarletti child , the dondescides to invoke some marriage law where he can choose whichever girl from any village that he is lord over.obviously he chooses Nicoletta.Nicoletta tries to refuse his advances but the don dose n't know the meaning of the word ` No'as the story unfolds , readers find out that it is Don Scarletti ` syounger -LRB- and jealous -RRB- brother who was behind the deaths in the Scarletti familyhe winds up dying , Nicoletta and the Don fall in love -LRB- duh , it 's a romance -RRB- and the Scarletti Curse is liftedby the way if anyone looks real close at the cover , you 'll notice that the model posing as Nicoletta has a tanline on her back , at least she does on my copy .
 I started this book with great expectations after reading all the dark series but found it not as compelling as them to start with . It took me a while to get into the book . The story is slow to start with , but it develops into a very exciting climax . I never guessed the culprit and it was a complete surprise to me . I think I have been spoiled for anything else by the Dark Series and it will take a lot to compete with them . I would have given this book 5 stars if it had n't been for the beginning .
 I 'm not a gothic reader but i bought this book because i 'm a big fan of Christine Feehan.I enjoyed this book very much , it had alot of suspense , paranormal and of course romance . The plot was great , i got hooked from the begining . My only question was it did not reveal how the Scarletti brothers got their gift . Christine Feehan did an excellent job and i 'm looking forward for her next book , well done .
 I am so pleased to see my favorite author writing in a new genre ! WOW , I ask you , how talented can one person be ? This book has suspense , mytery and good old fashion romande . I love it ! The story line was just dark enough to thrill me and the gothic concept was truelly forbodding . i ca n't wait for her next book to come out . Ms Feehan if you read this please do n't keep us in suspense much longer ... . I need new reading material . Write faster .
 CHRISTINE HAS DONE IT AGAIN ... THIS BOOK IS AS GOOD AS HER DARK SERIES ... WITH JUST ANOUGH SUPERNATURAL ELEMENT - TO SPARK THE INTEREST ... OF THOSE PARANORMAL ROMANCE LOVERS . IN HER USUAL STYLE THE CHARACTERS ARE IMMOTIONALY BOUND AND KEEP YOU READING ON AND ON IN ONE SITTING - WITH A CLIMATIC ENDING THIS BOOKS KEEPS YOU QUESSING RIGHT TILL THE END ... TRUE GOTHIC WITH CREEPY HOME - WEIRD RELATIVES AND ODD SERVANTS . . I LOVED IT ... AND WAS NOT DISAPPOINTED ... . CA N'T WAIT FOR THE NEXT GOTHIC - OR ANY OF HER DARK SERIES FOR THAT MATTER . . WELL DONE . .
 The Scarletti Curse is absolutely wonderful . Ms. Feehan once again created a lively well written work that stand far apart from her Dark series -LRB- which I also adore -RRB- . With complex and dark characters this book has quite a lot of bite and more than enough romance for a true fan of Christine 's work . I highly recommend this book for one and all .
 If you 're a fan of Christine Feehan , you already know some of the elements you 'll find in this book - beautiful , courageous , spirited heroine and strong , intelligent , handsome , tortured hero . Christine Feehan has put these elements in play in such exciting ways in her Dark series that she 's raised the bar incredibly for Paranormal romance . It 's hard to picture anyone writing about noble vampire-like creatures in a more exciting , sensuous , just flat out stunning way . This book , though not about the vampire-like beings in her others , adds an exciting Gothic twist to Christine 's writing , and a clever mystery to her incredibly involving characterizations . The suspenseful ending is very exciting , and the reader is not sure until the end how the book will resolve . I particularly loved Nicoletta 's free-spirited , naturalist perspective ; her grounded innocence makes such a compelling counterpoint to Don Scarletti 's cursed magnificence . I own every Christine Feehan book and recommend them ALL . This is a fitting addition to her wonderful writing .
 I loved Nicoletta and her gift of healing . And I loved Giovanni and his gift of reading minds and feeling other people 's feeling and speaking directly into her head . And there was a lot of mystery in this book . At times it was really scary , especially when the bird came and I had the feeling that something terrible is going to happen ... again . The connection and chemistry between the main characters was amazing , but I would love to see at least a part of the story from the hero 's point of view . This really was an interesting , complex and satisfying read : -RRB-
 I am not a romance reader , but a friend recommended this book so I bought it . I loved it . It was just `` what the doctor ordered '' ! Great romance , intriguing hero , very compelling heroine , etc. . I will definitely search for this author 's Dark series books next . If you love gothic , you 'll really enjoy this book . And I really enjoyed the italien phrases Zia , Zio , Mia , pallazzo etc. it enriched the story . Faraway time and place , foggy towering castle filled with eerie gargoyles and scary sculptures , dark cliffs , raging seas , mazes , puzzles , hidden passageways , maps , the bridal covenant ... . Gosh what more could you want ?!
 Christine Feehan does it again , for all of you that have only read this one book by her , i strongly suggest that you read them all !
 The book was good up until the end , when I found out who the killer was . I was expecting more . Towards the end of the book finding the real killer killed it for me . To me towards the end the story started loosing itself . I guess the way the ending was written , letting one know who the killer is , was not done properly . One is kept in suspense through out the whole story , and then she just trows you who the killer is out of nowhere and in a rush . Her best work is the Dark series books . I can not wait for DARK DESIRE .
 Wonderful book ! Very few fans of Feehan 's Dark series seem to realize that although this book is not part of the Dark series , is the children and children 's children of this couple will tie in to the Dark series later . Bryon 's lifemate will come from this line . But if you want to learn about what 's going to happen in the future books in this series as well as the Dark series , then go to Feehan 's web page . You can use any search engine to get to it . But this book really is wonderful ! It can really stand on it 's own ! I ca n't wait for more from this author . The publishing company needs to publish her stuff quicker than this ! Ca n't wait till Darius 's story , Dark Fire ! Feel free for anyone to e-mail with any questions ! I 'll sell you on these books !
 I 'm not usually a gothic fan , but I LOVE Christine Feehan 's books , so I grabbed this one and took a chance -LRB- I did the same back when I picked up Ms. Feehan 's first `` Dark '' book , never having been a vampire fan , and those books have become my all-time favorite Keepers -RRB- . Once again this incredible author did not dissapoint . I was riveted from page one ! This is an author that not only yanks you into the story with a fascinating plot and incredibly descriptive detail -LRB- I actually got chills and the hair on my arms raised while I walked through the Palazzo with Nicolletta -RRB- , but her characters become a part of you . Her characters are so real I truly found myself loving them . Not just finding them interesting , amusing , wonderful and touching , but really caring about them , as though they were actual people , a part of my life . Ms. Feehan weaves such a powerful spell sometimes I have to remind myself it 's not real . Her books are THAT GOOD !!! The only drawback , of course , is the usual one , waiting impatiently for this author 's next book to come out ! I highly recomend The Scarletti Curse , as well as ALL of Christine Feehan 's previous books . YOU ARE IN FOR A REAL TREAT !
 Though I still favor the carpathian series I really enjoyed this book . Christine Feehan still kept some of her supernatural writing which made this book stand out from others that write mystery romance . Her men are still wonderfully stubborn , know what they want and get it . Her women in her stories are still head strong , not whiny and give the men a challenge . I recommend this book to anyone , I finished it in 2 days . Now lets get back to the carpathian series , this only wets your appetite for more Christine Feehan books !!!!
 I thought this book was very good . I enjoyed the characters and their personalities .
 Feehan is a talented writter , I love to read her books after a long day at work , it is to bad that i have read everything that she has written to my knowledge .
 Christine Feehan has done it again . She envelops her reader in the story and makes you feel like you are really there . Her hero and heroine work well together and the book has many exciting turns . If you like gothics , this one is a must .
 Another `` Great '' Christine Feehan book . Really loved the characters and Christine 's way of bringing them to life ! I have yet to be disappointed when reading any of Christine 's books ! Once you have read even one you are hooked for life !
 This is a one to keep . Wonderfull story and plot . Full of dialogue between main characters with a sizzling romance . The plot keeps you turning the pages wanting more . Once again an excellent author .
 A fabulous and sexy read ! Don Giovanni Scarletti is determined to have beautiful Nicoletta , the village healer , as his bride . He wanted her from the moment he saw her , despite her efforts to disguise her beauty . She went to his house to treat his niece who was poisoned and she ends up treating him as well since he too was poisoned . Problem with wanting to marry her is , all the women his family has chosen for their brides ends up dead . But he is not going to let that stop him from getting Nicoletta . Their story was beautiful and romantic and was a great pleasure to read . This book had just the right balance of mystery , horror and passion . Highly recommend .
 I have read almost all of Ms. Feehan 's books , but I think this has become one of my favorites . I was kind of hesitant to buy it because it was n't part of the Dark Series , and I was n't sure I 'd like it . Once I saw the price though , I decided to take a chance . After reading the first chapter , I knew my worries were TOTALLY unfounded . I was hooked ! And to my surprise , the story is about an ancestor of Antonietta Scarletti -LRB- the female lead of `` Dark Symphony '' -RRB- . I could NOT put it down ! I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys romance novels , or anyone who likes a good read .
 Maybe not quit as good as her newer books but I still could n't put it down .
 What a read ! I loved it . The romance was hot but it wasnt just that . Feehan creates a world that you believe and all the characters are well written . There was no author intrusion in any of the pages and the curse plot works really well as it turns out to be something you dont expect at all . All Feehan lovers will enjoy this as its Feehan at her best . Dont be sad that there arent any Carthapians in it , the story really doesnt need any !
 this book was great.Like all of christine feehan 's books , it holds your interest at every turn until the bitter end . you did not know who the perpetrator was until the bitter end.it held you on the edge of your seat to see if nicoletta was going to be seriously hurt or killed as were the scarletti brides .
 My favorite of all time ... Giovanni intrigued me soo much ... i felt his love for nicoletta soo much i envied her . . well written . GOOD WORK CHRISTINE
 It was very good reading . It was not like the Dark series that I expected before I purchased the book but Christine Feehan is very good.I enjoy reading all her books .
 This was the first Christine Feehan book I read and one of my favorites . I highly recommend it to anyone who might be interested in a Gothic historical . It is full of mystery , love , passion , action , unforgettable characters , and even some magic.And after you finish , read Feehan 's other books ! She is an extremely talented author , so make room on your bookshelf of favorites .
 While I am not usually a fan of books where the hero is overly domineering , I must concede that Christine Feehan writes so well that I enjoy her novels even though the men are so controlling and obsessive it would be frightening in real life . `` The Scarletti Curse '' is not a part of the Carpathian series , but I found myself enjoying it as much , if not more . The heroine is a healer but in a time where she could be burned at the stake should this secret gift be discovered . In order to protect herself , she pretends to be a healers apprentice . Unfortunately , the one man she wishes to hide this talent from , Giovanni Scarletti , is not fooled.Like much of Feehan 's work , the story is very gothic in feel and the villain -LRB- s -RRB- are truly horrible . While the hero is constantly swooping in and saving the heroine , it becomes more of a joke between the two of them than a tiresome what-a-stupid-girl scenario.I was leary of this novel after being dissappointed with `` Lair of the Lion . '' This novel is much , much better . If you like her Carpathian series , or are interested in paranormal romance , this is a good book to read .
 No female , whether they are of the blood or through marriage , survives THE SCARLETTI CURSE . They all violently die . One of the villagers Nicoletta knows first hand that her own mother was a victim of the curse . Still , she lives life to the fullest and uses her abilities to heal people . Her guardian helps hide the secret that Nicoletta has empathic talents by fostering the idea she is just the village healer to keep her safe from Giovanni Scarletti.However , the kind Nicoletta helps cure ailing lass , suffering from dining on a contaminated meal with her uncle Giovanni . He immediately realizes that Nicoletta is his life mate and will protect her from his enemies , but will his need to keep her safe end up making him follow the footsteps of his ancestors who loved so deep they killed for love?Though there is a political sidebar that adds suspense to the tale , this gothic story line belongs to the two lead characters . Nicoletta is the classic heroine willing to do the right thing even at the cost of her own life . Giovanni is the dark brooding alpha male wanting to also do the right thing for his people and especially his beloved . Toss on top of the key theme a bit of the paranormal and readers have Christine Feehan 's intrepid venture outside the Carpathian realm -LRB- see her `` Dark '' series -RRB- into a totally different sub-genre that proves she is a versatile talent who deserves a wide readership.Harriet Klausner
 The ancient dons worshipped the old gods , honoring their pagan heritage and building the palazzo in defiance of the Holy Church . Two centuries ago the Scarletti family was cursed , and now for years there have been rumors of murders and assignations . Indeed , the palazzo itself feels evil to sensitive Nicoletta , a woman who is known to be `` different '' in her gifts to heal , to listen to the wind , to sense danger . So when the mesmerizing Don Scarletti chooses her to be his bride , Nicoletta knows every bride who entered the palazzo is doomed.Nicoletta roamed the hills surrounding her village before the don 's choice of her curtailed her activities to the palazzo . She had sworn no man would command her , but when she fled her home to hide , the don followed her , luring her with his own gift . The don 's darkly sensual voice , erotic and seductive , entices her imagination and her womanhood , linking her to the man she would flee.Don Scarletti knows well the dangers that lurk upon his land . Political upheaval and family secrets threaten the woman he takes as wife , as well as the others dependent upon him . He carefully guards his own gifts from others than his chosen bride . Only Nicoletta can reach through his icy aloofness to the passionate man concealed within.As a new comer to Christine Feehan 's work , I had very high expectations based on other reader 's reactions , and I am not disappointed . Written with a sensuous style , a deep understanding for history , and a respect for both Christianity and Paganism , THE SCARLETTI CURSE contains a fast paced plot and dynamic characterizations . All the classic gothic elements keep the pages turning , including the dark castle with gargoyles , warnings from natural elements , portents from ravens , secret passageways , family secrets , and multiple dead wives . Further , the strong heroine is n't too perfect ; the troubled hero still maintains his strength amid his human failings , while the gothic elements lend the perfect depth and shadow . Very highly recommended .
 From the back of the book ... Strange , twisted cravings and hideous gargoyles adorned the palazzo of the great Scarletti family . But a still more fearful secret lurked within its storm-tossed turrets . For every bride who entered its forbidding walls was doomed to leave in a casket.Mystical and unfettered , Nicoletta had no terror of ancient curses and no fear of marriage ... until she looked into the dark , mesmerizing eyes of Don Scarletti . She had sworn no man would command her , had thought her gift of healing set her apart , but his was the right to choose a bride from among his people . And he had chosen her.Compelled by duty , drawn by desire , she gave her body into his keeping , and prayed the powerful , tormented Don would be her heart 's destiny , and not her soul 's demise .
 I continue to love the work of Ms Feehan . She is a wonderful storyteller . Her books never seem to get old and tired.Giovanni and Nicolette come together to make a wonderful love story . They are both `` different '' in a world were those differences could get them burned at the stake . Giovanni can read and talk to peoples minds . Nicolette has the ability to heal with her hands . They come together over a child 's sick bed.Giovanni realizes that Nicolette is the women he has been dreaming about and is determine to marry her . She is his light in the darkness that seems to surround him and his family.Nicolette is a free spirit that runs around in bare feet . Raising plants for medicine and enjoying her freedom . She always seems to be in trouble.This is a warm and wonderful story that everyone should read .
 This book is excellent ! It works !!!! I love his trancendental meditation book as well that combines prayer with some of the excercises . ;--RRB- I did one of the positive affirmations daily along with prayer book I read from . Success !!!! This book is a must have , royal gem !!! Everything worked out , and I start my new job on Monday ! AAAA + + + + + For others who read this , buy !!!!
 `` The Bar Code Implementation Guide '' by Stephen L. Pearce and Rick Bushnell truly is a guide that will benefit anyone who already uses or is interested in using bar coding for warehouse and distribution systems . Written by two well-respected members of the distribution industry , the guide provides practical , easy-to-understand steps to implementing bar coding technology . This is not the average `` turn the page and continue reading '' book . The guide is divided into several sections that address the many facets of bar coding implementation in a clear and concise fashion . Want to know how bar coding can help your business ? Turn to the `` Benefiting from Bar Codes '' section . How about the money aspect ? Turn to `` Equipment & System Costs . '' The guide also includes question-and-answer sections and numerous worksheet-style appendices . These are helpful for defining specific problems your business might have and offering solutions to these problems . This is especially useful for saving money . For instance , a handy Q & A chart provides a way to quantify the dollar amount saved by implementing bar code technology . Above all , this guide is practical . From the description of how bar coding works to the breakdown of industry-wide standards , the authors have provided a wealth of easy-to-read information . The clarity of the information makes the guide useful across many business disciplines and provides a common language for trade partners . Follow the guide 's plan and save your company money !
 This is a superb reference guide for those who are looking to implement a bar coding system . It includes a number of practical tools which are quite useful.Be sure to order only the newest edition which was issued mid-2010 . So ordering a used copy may not be the current one with all the updates .
 This is a great book for anybody who wants to understand what bar codes are , how they work , how to prepare a cost/benefit analysis and how to implement bar codes . Even if it is called Using Bar Codes in Distribution , it is as relevant for other applications.There are a some redundancies in this book that would need to be fixed in a reeddition . Also it would be nice if a reedition was done since it dates from 2000 and technology has evolved so much . But still , even without these improvements it is a great book .
 I am a Seminary instructor teaching a course called Principles of Biblical Interpretation . Obviously this book is part of the required reading . It is a ` standard ' work by which I mean that it and a few others are considered to be baseline , required reading for anyone who wishes to advance beyond the elementary level in the field of hermeneutics.That said , I give it four stars because it is definitely not accessible by everyone . It is written for people who have a serious goal in mind and a disciplined study habit . It is not `` easy reading '' though it is well worth the effort . Further it is much more beneficial to those who have at least a working knowledge of Biblical Hebrew & Greek . In my class there are those who are entry level students -LRB- or auditors -RRB- who do not meet these criteria and I require them to read Berkhof but I augment the course with other books -LRB- `` Reading the Bible With Heart & Mind '' by T. Longman , for one -RRB- . This helps them advance with what they can get from Berkhof and reminds the more advanced students of their need to remain devotional in their Bible studies also.All in all , highly recommended for any reader as long as they understand what they are getting . You will be introduced to the various historical approaches to Biblical Interpretation -LRB- there are more than one you know -RRB- , a sketch of a critique for each and a solid outline of how to build a more carefully crafted understanding of what the Bible teaches in your own reading .
 I 'm currently doing a course entitled `` Introduction to Biblical Interpretation '' . This is one of the books I 've read to help me come to terms with the material.This book appears to be based on a set of lecture notes prepared by Berhof for his students , more than having been written as a book from the beginning.I found its treatment of the various topics related to Biblical interpreation easy to follow , but covered in less depth than most other books . That said , I think what is said here would be sufficient for many people to come to terms with the core principles.At the end of many of the sections in the book are a list of references to other books and a set of questions . The questions seem to be based on the other works referenced , but I have n't been able to check as I do n't have access to any of the cited works . Unfortunatly , due to the age of this text , many of the cited works are not longer in print.Many of the questions later on in the book are require you to apply the techniques covered to particular verses ; no answers are provided , so it 'd be useful for you to have someone who you can ask to check your answers .
 This book is very helpful . It arrived in fine condition for a used book . A Good buy !
 Cruel and Unusual is the first Patricia Cornwell book I have got read and I for one loved it and I ca n't wait the read more of her books my boyfriend told me about Patricia Cornwell books he said I need to read Hornet 's Nest and Southern Cross and those will be my next two book I will be reading and I will be reading them on my new IPad I got for Christmas I ca n't wait keep up the great writing Patricia and thanks to my boyfriend for telling me about this awesome writer ... RKsbabydoll
 First off , let me say that although all of Cornwell 's thrillers stand alone , it 's better if you read them in the order they were written . More so in PC 's case than in other authors who continue with the same character , book after book . This is because PC does the impossible , she keeps her characters continually growing with each story . Pass one up and you miss some of their development and the very interesting , but very flawed people that walk through the pages of her books are like people we know , friends , and one should stay current with one 's friends . `` Cruel and Unusual '' opens with Kay waiting for the execution of murder/rapist Ronnie Joe Waddell , but even as she 's waiting someone is being killed , the killer using Waddell 's M.O. . One of his finger prints even shows up at one of the crime scenes.This book has the usual Cornwellian twists and turns and as usual I was glued to my seat as I read this five star novel . I loved every second of it , because nobody does Cornwell , like Cornwell .
 Received the book promptly and in great condition . Thank you Amazon for the opportunity to buy used books .
 I am very fond of Patricia Cornwell and have the full collection . I am updating my paperback to hardback and first editions/signed . Amazon has been especially helpful in finding these items .
 Cornwell takes hold of your mind and does to let go until Scarpetta finds her solution . There is a horrible crime scene but it does produce some fingerprints . This is an easy case for Scarpetta until there is a match . It was a match to murderer that was executed before this murder . Read the book it is a good one . By Ruth Thompson author of `` The Bluegrass Dream ''
 I bought this book used and it was in very good condition . Also , I received it within a week , which was nice .
 This book is a great page-turner , perfect for the beach , plane or vacation.The chief medical examiner , Kay Scarpetta , is being framed and she needs to prove herself innocent . The framing involves alleging that she is tampering with the autopsy results of Ronnie Waddell , an executed murderer . Meanwhile , murders are occurring that carry Waddell 's M.O. . How could he have committed these murders if he 's been electrocuted ? However , his fingerprints turn up at the crime scenes.This book is well-written and conceived as well as fun to read .
 Cornwell did a great job writing this book . The plot is wonderful and the crew is working together to track a killer . This is a great thriller and Kay Scarpetta is a powerful women , not perfect by no means , but she does carry a heavy load on her shoulder 's all the time . Patricia Cornwell is a great writer and we appreciate you so much .
 Somehow as I became initiated into the world of Kay Scarpetta I missed this gem . It was great to backtrack and discover what has become one of my favorite books in the series . The story is SO imaginative and original ! The suspense is taut and kept me on the edge of my seat . And most of all , there is Kay , a three dimensional , refreshingly human heroine . No , she is n't perfect . As the possibility of an affair with a married man arose , I was n't `` appalled '' by Kay , I was heartbroken for her . Driven by work , shattered by lost love , reaching for someone to bring her back to life emotionally ... her feelings may not be noble but they certainly seemed human to me . A powerful woman in a controversial , conventionally male field , and reviewers ask why so many people hate her ? It seems very realistic that the head of a high-profile state agency would find herself with enemies . While I have no real criticism of this book , I do have a comment on the rest of the series . Part of why I enjoyed this one so much is Lucy . As the series progresses , Lucy 's life gets so complicated and convulated and dangerous that it is her character , not Kay 's , that strains credibility . It was refreshing to revisit a time when Lucy was a teenager whose biggest -LRB- immediate -RRB- problem was access to a car .
 I was never really a big reader before and somebody put me on to Patricia Cornwell . Well , now I ca n't put her books down . Her books just get better and better as you go through the Kay Scarpetta series.I really enjoy the series concept and the fact that some of the same characters keep returning from book to book . It 's nice to see the characters develop through each story line . It allows you to get comfortable with them , get close to them , and get frustrated with them when they do something out of character.I highly recommend reading not just this book but the entire Kay Scarpetta series .
 This story was really captivating and kept me on the edge of my seat . It was really hard to put down and all the characters involved were amazing . The entire book was facinating and the ending was geat !
 This book was her best ! Filled with suspense , plot twists , medical detail , realistsic characters , and frightening vilians . You ca n't get much better then this . The ending is in some ways similar to Silence of The Lambs . You 'll wan na grab and read the next Kay Scarpetta mystery once you finish this one . She put a lot more potential into this one then All That Remains
 Henrico County , Virginia Detective Joe Trent calls the state Chief Medical Examiner Dr. Kay Scarpetta because of a situation involving thirteen year old Eddie Heath shot in the head with potential sexual components involved . At the same time the Commonwealth executes Ronnie Joe Waddell convicted of the murder of anchorwoman Robyn Naismith ten years earlier on evidence founded by Scarpetta.Scarpetta 's autopsy of Heath uncovers the fingerprint of Waddell on the corpse . As anti capital punishment lawyer Grueman turns up the heat with the media claiming Scarpetta is incompetent , files are stolen from her office . More murders that apparently were committed by a dead Waddell lead Grueman orchestrating the press even further that perhaps the smoking gun of capital punishment has occurred , an innocent person executed . Other evidence against Scarpetta leads to a grand jury investigation into the possible criminal activities of the medical examiner.CRUEL AND UNUSUAL is a solid Scarpetta police procedural in which the beleaguered heroine is struggling to understand how a dead man could be murdering people and what happened to her once thriving career . The story line is filled with twists and turns that makes sense afterward but will surprise the reader while the grand jury inquiry is insightful and a bit shocking for instance the `` defense '' can not bring in witnesses . Patricia Cornwell provides a strong Scarpetta thriller with the star in jeopardy of more than just her livelihood going down the tubes.Harriet Klausner
 I chose the Scarpetta series on audio books to ease the tedium of a long commute , and now I find myself looking forward to getting in the car in the morning ! In this installment we are introduced to an antagonist who will be given more flesh and color over the next couple of books , as all of the characters continue to grow and develop in Cornwell 's work from book to book . Cruel & Unusual draws you in , gets you worried about the good doctor , teaches you a few things -LRB- if you pay attention -RRB- , but this one does n't have the usual ending ! I wo n't give it away . Read it , it 's worth the time .
 A well written , detailed and nail-biting novel.But , the ending was anti-climatic and rather tepid . I also thought that there might have been some loopholes , but maybe I was reading too fast . Her style , plot and other such devices put her far ahead of Mary Higgins Clark and her like . If you like P.D. James , you may like her too , though I find the characters in P.D. James ' novels psychologically more complex than Kay .
 Well the improbabilty of this happening seemed to almost ruin the book for me , once I had gotten past the first couple of chapters it was amazingly well written . The wasy she introduced a new serial killer and gave him traits that would scare anybody out of their wits was well done . I heavily recommend that if you do pick this book up before bed you leave enough time to finish it !!!
 Patricia Cornwell is an excellent author . She has a very vivid imagination and the skill that makes you read on and on until you have finished the book . Everytime i pick up one of her books to read i ca n't put it down . They are really really good books and she is a great author . Cruel and Unusual is prove of Patricia 's great expertise in writing . The book was very well written with a great ending . I look forward in reading the rest of Patricaia Cornwell 's novels as I have read 6 of them and I am on my 7th
 This is the most suspenseful , quickest read of any of her books.The ending as with most books of this kind was slightly anticlimactic , butI ca n't deny that reading this book was a great , grisly , fun ride
 CRUEL AND UNUSUAL is another Kay Scarpetta story line that makes one really think about the death penalty and if innocent people are ever executed.In CRUEL AND UNUSUAL , Scarpetta investigates the homicide of a young boy , Eddie Heath , in which evidence resembles that of a case from the past - a case in which the convicted murderer , Ronnie Joe Waddell , is put to death that night . Very strange occurrences continue to happen , including the fingerprint of Waddell showing up in the next murder victim 's home and a morgue supervisor being killed by the same gun that killed Eddie Heath . The confusion that envelops Kay Scarpetta adds to the drama of this book , as she wonders if the wrong man was executed . Could it be a simple case of mistaken identity ? You can bet that nothing is simple when Patricia Cornwell is creating the story line and developing it!Just when the reader thinks he/she has figured everything out , Patricia Cornwell adds another dip in the road and makes you rethink the entire list of events . Cornwell keeps you guessing until the end , and does so with a flare that is unique and thrilling . It 's interesting to see just how many questions about a crime that Scarpetta can answer -LRB- and you can keep up with -RRB- without overloading the reader 's brain . Cornwell seems to have that fine line gauged properly , as she never over-burdens the reader but instead keeps them entertained and intrigued until the last page . This is one tale that will keep you thinking even past that last page and wonder , what if ...
 I really liked this book . It is a page turner for sure . I would read before I went to bed and have to force myself to find a stopping point . If the ending was written differently I would have given it 5 stars , but it was still fun to read .
 My mother and I are just hooked on reading Patricia Cornwell , we started somewhere in the middle with one book but since have gone back to the beginning . They are the only books I am currently seeking out to read .
 This is only the second of the author 's `` Kay Scarpetta '' novels that I 've read , and I was n't all that impressed with _ Postmortem , _ so I approached this fourth book in the series with some scepticism , even though It seems to be one of the best reviewed . After a decade of appeals , Ronnie Joe Waddell is finally being executed and Scarpetta waits to perform the autopsy -LRB- though I 'm not clear why that should be necessary -RRB- . But that same evening , a young boy is ritually murdered in a manner very reminiscent of Waddell 's style . That 's followed by another murder -- and Waddell 's fingerprints apparently are found on the scene . Was someone else executed in his place ? The authorities involved , of course , do n't even want to * think * about such an appalling possibility . More murders follow , including Scarpetta 's own Morgue Attendant , and suddenly links seem to be turning up to tie the Chief Medical Examiner to the killings , as well as to corruption in her own office . All the action takes place in the few weeks preceding and following the Christmas-New Year 's holidays , and the gray , cold winter adds greatly to the flavor of the narration.There 's no question that this one is an improvement over the first one I read . Cornwell does n't bring in a completely new character in the last chapter to be the villain , for one thing . And she has added considerable depth to the personalities of all the repeating characters , especially Lt. Pete Marino of Richmond Homicide and FBI Special Agent Benton Wesley . My favorite , though , is Lucy , Scarpetta 's niece from Miami , who possesses what another character calls a `` frightening intellect . '' But she 's still seventeen years old , and her home life is , in many ways , not a happy one . Aunt Kay really does try to be the friend and confident to Lucy that she would like to be , but she has her own emotional problems -- not least among them the death of her lover in an IRA bombing in London less than a year before -- and her naturally reserved and somewhat stony personality is sometimes her own worst liability.There are problems , though . Cornwell has a rather pompous style , especially when she 's describing the latest crime-fighting technological advances , or the ins and outs of UNIX . It 's as if she enjoys saying `` I know more about this than you do . '' She also indulges in irritating word-choices , such as not knowing the difference between `` in '' and `` inside '' -LRB- e.g. , `` I put my revolver inside my purse '' -RRB- , and she seems to be unaware of the use of contractions in ordinary speech . Still , the well thought out plot and the complications in possible motives and interpretations kept me reading . Many fans and reviewers take it as a given that Cornwell is the `` best '' mystery writer working , which I ca n't agree with at all . But she 's not bad .
 This is awesome ! Excellent plot ! After reading this , you should read From Potter 's Field !
 A + book . loved every minute of it . all of her books are amazing . this is definitely a must read for anyone .
 Im still in the process of reading this book , but so far it is very entertaining . I am working on reading all the Scarpetta book in orders . So far so good .
 This book was a bit more difficult to follow , in my opinion . I was lost toward the end . But Patrica is an awesome writer ! I 'm sure the problem was me , not her writing .
 I am never disappointed with Cornwell 's Scarpetta novels , and I really liked the suspense in this one -- trying to figure out what what going on !
 Excellent Book ! Action packed ! Good suspense ! Never disappointing ! Always appreciate Patricia Cornwell 's writing . I have never been disappointed in one of her books . I am an avid reader and read all types of literature . Patricia Cornwell is always a good read .
 Once again I give Cornwell a thumbs up on a well written book . Her characters are true to life .
 I quite enjoyed this book and found myself mystified throughout as to `` whodunnit '' . In that sense it was a really good read and delivered the suspense it promised . I usually enjoy Patricia 's books and like the way she builds a profile of her heroine 's life , including the people she is close to as well as those more on the periphery of her life - it helps the reader to relate to her and treat her as a real person . I particularly like the way she combines her professional life with her personal one and think it shows the human side which is very necessary considering her profession which could otherwise seem very detached and clinical so well done for that consideration . The plot was complex but not too much so and very cleverly thought out . The only reason I did n't find it unputdownable was because for me the over usage of technical jargon got in the way too much . Most people not familiar with the terminology will probably find it irritating - after all , who wants to have to refer to a medical directory to understand what 's being said ! I have heard many others make a similar comment but personally I never found it a bother in her other books but on this occasion I was quite exasperated . A small quibble and I would n't let it put me off .
 You have to love the Scarpetta series by Cornwell . This is an excellent story full of suspense and humor .
 Kay Scarpetta is Chief Medical Examiner for the Commonwealth of Virginia . As such she has the nasty job of processing the remains of murderer Ronnie Waddell , electrocuted after ten years of incarceration . The next day she has another body on her hands , a young man , Eddie Heath , dumped in the street strangely mutiliated . The modus operandi of Heath 's murder has some suggestive echoes of the killing for which Waddell is executed . And the plot thickens further when a middle-aged fortune-teller turns up dead in her car and a fingerprint found on her furniture is identified as one of Waddell 's . Meanwhile all is not well is Dr Scarpetta 's office . Someone has been mucking about with the files on her computer and her morgue supervisor , Susan Stevens , is acting very oddly ... This is rather good fun , extremely readable stuff . It 's the first of Cornwell 's books I have read and it leaves me feeling pretty well-disposed to the prospect of reading one or two more . Scarpetta is an interesting heroine , likeable but complicated and Cornwell is an excellent plotter . If you like crime fiction and have n't tried any Cornwell before , you could do a lot worse than checking this out .
 I have read all of the Kay Scarpetta books and have enjoyed most of them quite a bit . Cruel and Unusual is one of the best in the series in my opinion . I say this because Cornwell is at her best when she quietly piles on the tension factor . Cornwell at her worst is when she feels the need to multiply the body count via the worlds evilest serial killer ala James Patterson . Sadly , after ` Cruel and Unusual ' , Cornwell starts in on several books that just go further and further out on a limb of insanity . Happily for you the reader , if you have not read this book yet , you are in for a very entertaining yarn from Cornwells best period.The plot here is fairly complicated and its hard to describe much of it without giving away some of the earlier surprises . So I will suffice to say that it starts out when Scarpetta is called in to do an autopsy on a recently executed death row inmate . However , it quickly becomes apparent that something is not quite right . A couple of days earlier a young lad had been killed in much the same manner as the death row inmate and soon it looks like the executed man somehow might not have been the right person put to death . Instead the death row guy might be out on the street knocking off victims once again . How did this happen?Also , Scarpetta is dragged into a series of questions to answer when files start to go missing in her office and something or other is amuck.I hope you read this book . If you have n't tried Scrapetta in the past , its best to start with the first in this series , Postmordom .
 Medical Examiner Kay Scarpetta is involved with the autopsy of an executed man just as a young boy is killed in a grisly murder . Scarpetta realizes that the murder scene has a lot in common with the one which was created by the executed man 10 years ago . A third event is the murder of a person within Kay 's own department . The husband of the murdered woman begins spreading damaging rumors about Scarpetta and a noose of circumstantial evidence is pulled around her . Soon she is trying to solve the murders for her own self-defense as well as just doing her job . During all of this , her young niece Lucy comes to stay with her and she helps with unraveling a mystery involving computer records of fingerprints . Scarpetta is also helped by her friends Pete Marino , a homicide investigator and Benton , an old friend from the FBI . This book has plenty of twists and turns and it will keep Scarpetta fans busily trying to figure out the solution .
 One of Cornwell 's better books & I have read them all . This is the 4th book in the Scarpetta series -LRB- it 's better to read them in order -RRB- . This is the first book to feature Temple Gault so should read this before you read Body Farm & From Potter 's Field.This book is a fast paced & should keep you flipping pages.The ending was a bit of a disappointment - loose ends not resolved . However , I did like this book & it was nice that there is no love interest .
 If you 're a mystery lover , you will thoroughly enjoy the first 90 % of this book . Ms. Cornwell does a masterful job of weaving the story , adding twists , and providing enough technical detail to make it all believable . And then , just when she has you all set up for a masterful finish . . it does n't happen . It almost seems that this rushed ending was written by another person . It is a good read ... that could have been a great read .
 This is an awesome book . Kay just keeps getting better and better . It 's also fun to see the characters develop more with each book - Kay herself as she seems to be always `` one against the world '' , Marino who it appears is heading towards some sort of heart attack , Lucy who seems to be getting more and more quixotic . In this book Kay finds herself smack in the middle of a series of gruesome killings . It appears that a recently executed murderer , who Kay herself has seen on her autopsy table , is still around committing crimes . A number of murders occur where the executed murderer 's fingerprints are turning up . Kay , Marino and Benton try to track a killer , but it appears that the corruption goes up a long ways into the political stratosphere . This is a taut and totally believable thriller . I ca n't wait until the next one because the book ended with the way wide open to the next installment .
 Could n't wait to finish but left me wondering what happened to so many of the characters . Thought I had missed something so went back and listened to the last tape again to be sure . Had n't missed anything . Author left me hanging .
 This book was so well written and medical facts appeared so well researched making it very fascinating . A book you just ca n't put down .
 Cruel and Unusual was another wonderful story by Ms. Cornwell . It was graphic in its detail but I stayed rivited to the end . I read everything she writes . None of it is boring and her knowledge of investigative procedures adds to the thrills of her stories .
 This was a great book ! It kept me coming back for more with every clue and piece of evidence that Dr. Scarpetta came up with . If you 're into medical mystery , this is the book for you . It is the first of three books about this killer so read this one first . ENJOY ! I did .
 This is the first novel in the temple brooks gault series . It is not the worst one in the series nor the best . The Body Farm was much better then this but the teriibly bad from potters field was much meager then this . This is a nial biting thriller . With quite well described -LRB- and gruseome -RRB- details . A good read but the climax was n't much of a climax and i thought that she had reached her set page limit so she just decided to throw any climax in there .
 Your stomach turned by gruesome details ? Then this is not the book for you ! Well written with realistic discriptions of life in a forensic morgue , this book is extremely hard to put down . The ending is rather sudden , and somewhat of an anticlimax , but that aside I would defintely recomend this book to crime lovers - it will keep you guessing
 Patricia Cornwell 's real talent , intellect , and sensuality trully come out in this mystery/thriller . Kay Scarpetta becomes more thanthe intellegent Chief M.E. / Lawyer/F . B.I. consultant in this , the best of the Kay Scarpetta series . This book had me up all night , I just could n't put it down . I could n't sleep until I finished it . Cornwell had me chilled to the bone . She had hairs standing on parts of my body I did n't even know there was hair ! If I had to choose between an all-nighter with my husband , and staying up all night reading `` Cruel and Unusual '' ... well let 's just say my husband was glad to see this book leave my nightstand!If you love thrillers , if you love major sexual tention , bone chilling details , if you love staying up all night reading a great book , `` Cruel and Unusual '' is the all-nighter for you !!!
 Cornwall is a great author and in this book she starts out with a great plot . Just when your interest might be slipping , the story builds
 The first 75 % of this book is a 10 . Cornwell sets up the perfect novel , albeit with a rather drab , reactive protagonist , but then suddenly swerves off the road and goes bonkers . For me the peak of the book was when Kay Scarpetta is threatened by the governor and is suspended from her job , but then Cornwell finds a way to tie this great , believable plot into , of all things , a Nazi war criminal , and that 's where she totally lost me . Then there 's absolutely no climax or showdown whatsoever . We just hear about the acts of the murderer second hand , and that was a big letdown , too
 This is my first Cornwell novel , but it certainly wo n't be my last . The action , people and plot involved is realistic and very believable . Scarpetta is the typical over-achieving but does n't believe-in-herself feamle of the 90 's . Details concerning autopsies , computer mainframes , police procedures , etc. are informative but do n't go overboard on descriptions . I only wish I could read faster , could n't put it down
 This book is so good i could actually feel the evil of the killer ! Great Book !
 I just wrote a review on this book and I forgot to include something . WHAT HAPPEND TO MARK . Out of the blue he 's all of a sudden dead !
 The first 75 % of this book is a 10 . Cornwell sets up the perfect novel , albeit with her rather drab , reactive protagonist , but then suddenly swerves off the road and goes bonkers . For me the peak of the book was when Kay Scarpetta is threatened by the governor and is suspended from her job , but then Cornwell finds a way to tie this great , believable plot into , of all things , a Nazi war criminal , and that 's where she totally lost me . Then there 's absolutely no climax or showdown whatsoever . We just hear about the acts of the murderer second hand , and that was a big letdown , too
 I love all of Patricia Cornwell books . This one was really good because it has you wondering how a dead man 's DNA could turn up at a crime scene .
 to follow her own work . A superb ` next in series ' not to be skipped over . Great plot although I thought it came together too neatly at the conclusion . The author 's ingenuity and thought processes have made both Cornwell and Dr. Scarpetta reading buddies of mine . You will love this novel if forensics and mysteries thrill you . I guarantee you will enjoy not only this one but the entire series .
 Excellent and very good read . Luv Kay Scarlett . Have enjoyed several Patricia Cromwell books in the past . Very goog writer
 Enjoyed this book as I have enjoyed all of the Scarpetta mysteries . Good story line , characters and follow-through . Good read !
 A typical Patricia Cornwell fiction novel , easy to read and a page turner . It gripped me until the end . Enjoy .
 I love reading all of her books I have read a few in the past , now I am going back and starting from the beginning and reading in order .
 Cruel and Unusual was a chilling story and I was sucked in from the very first page . I love the way characters from other books in the series keep turning up and we see that they are even more evil than we first imagined . The bit with the fingerprints was especially enthralling.Lori EnosAuthor of The Portable Coach
 If you enjoy medical thrillers , you will enjoy this book . It is evident that Cornwell does her research on her subject & you gain useful information as you read .
 I brought this book on vacation with me to read back and forth on the plane , let me tell you I had to by another book in the airport on the way home . I could not put this book down for two days . I could n't turn the pages fast enough . Every time I thought I knew who the killer was she threw a new twist at me . And then she really got me because you do n't find out till the last possible second . That 's what I call a good mystery .
 This is a darn good mystery read that certainly keeps you up at night turning the pages . Is n't that what we all want here ? More enjoyable Kay Scarpetta for fans of this series . Well worth staying up late to read !
 I really like both this author and her popular heroine Dr. Kay Scarpetta because of the maturity of the character in addition to the stoicism that is displayed by her cool and collected manner . She is the ultimate professional . This book `` Cruel and Unusual '' is not up to the author 's personal standards set in other books such as `` Trace '' which is one of the very best she has written to date.I have spent the past 10 minutes rereading parts of this book and am still confused by the mishmash ending . I do n't have a real clue what happened to the bad guys here . Where is the ravening beast convict who was released from prison and resulted in a number of unsolved murders as one example ? There is a lot of personal stuff to soften and `` humanize '' the image of Dr. Scarpetta , but even with the snarky neice Lucy with her smart alecky mouth , there is still the steely and distant feel to Dr. Scarpetta . I like that a lot.IMO , the absolute worst thing an author can do to a strong female character is to make her suddenly get `` melting bones '' or those insipid hormonal storms , a la the Nora Roberts style , et al , that stimulate their `` broody '' instincts at the first sight of an acceptable male and the next topic becomes gooey babies and sucky conversations with relatives rather than science and focus and dedication to one 's career that makes for a tight , fascinating and worthwhile read.So , with that in mind , this book gets a 4 pointer simply because Ms. Cornwell avoids the `` romance-crime drama '' pitfalls and forges ahead with a decent , albeit patchy and vague story . I am glad that the author has also forged ahead in her craft and her subsequent stories are sooooo much better than this one .
 This is the first time I ' v read a Dr.Kay.Scarpetta book , and I 'm definitely going to read the others ! At no point was it slow or hard to read , unlike some murder mystery books everything added up in the end and was superbly written I think ! I think the characters are perfectly described and are life-like !!! I would definitely recomend this to anyone looking for a good read !
 The fourth installment in the series . If you liked the `` Silence Of The Lambs '' you will love `` Cruel and Unusual '' .
 I did n't find anything wrong with it at all . It was in great shape .
 Cornwell is one of the very best at crime mystery and her lead Dr , Scarpetta never disappoints . Great read .
 Like the ones before , this book is a solid forensic and police procedural . A death row inmate is executed and his fingerprint later shows up in a current crime scene . How could that have happened ? I particularly enjoyed seeing Kay 's niece , Lucy , again , as she is 17 now and her own person , no longer a child . Lucy 's computer skills continue to amaze . I look forward to reading the next in the series ! -LRB- Note
 If your looking for a suspensful thriller you 'll find it with Cruel and Unusual by Patricia Cornwell . In it the main charicter , Dr. Kay Scarpetta a medical examiner , finds herself traped in a web of murders . Her investigations of them lead her back to a conspiracy which is being covered up in her own legal department . I found the book to be disturbing as well as compeling at the same time . The first of it was a little crowded and hard to follow but it improved as it went on . It was more then I expected it to be . The more I read , the more involved I became and I could n't put it down . One of the best mystery books I 've read .
 Patricia Cornwell is very clearly a well researched writer . She really knows her stuff when it comes to forensics . This ability of hers is reflected in the character of Kay Scarpetta , medical examiner . I kept reading in order to find out the links among the deaths of Robyn Naismith , Eddie Heath , Susan , and Jennifer Deighton . Most of my questions were answered , but I felt that there was WAY too much forensic evidence for my liking , and really did not enjoy this book .
 Patricia Cornwall always writes with such enthusiasim for her subject , that her books are almost impossible to put down . Spellbinding and never a dull moment .
 My first Kay Scarpetta novel ! I thought it was good
 This was a great , attention holding story . The story has twists and turns and is just fascinating .
 Extraordinarily clever , exciting , fast-moving , gruesome and scary , this is a book you ca n't put down right from page one . I will never forget this book , easily the most memorable out of the seven pc books I have read . Dr Scapetta , in her fourth book , faces the most bizzare of her many challenges yet . Ronnie Joe Waddell is executed and then his fingerprint turns up at the scene of Eddie Heath 's murder several hours later . Eventually , with the help of pete Marino , Benton Wesley and Lucy , she finds the killer , but not without her whole reputation being almost ruined.If you 've never read any of Pc 's books you HAVE TO read this .
 I stayed up all night reading this book until the nail biting end ... one of my favorite books by Cornwell .
 Just started reading Patricia Cornwell two months ago . This is my 4th book , which I find to be the best one thus far . Postmortem , Body Farm , From Potters Field were the others I have read . This plot is the most interestingly complex of the four and her character -LRB- good and bad side -RRB- comes out throughout the novel . What I liked the most is the constant interplay of characters , their areas of expertise , and the tasteful way she handles the most gruesome situations . This book is fast-paced and very much fun to read . I look forward to the rest of them .
 Patricia Cornwall is in a class of her own , if you enjoy a real nailbiting thriller with characters that you grow to feel as if you know , then any of her books are for you , the only warning I would give is that her books are seriously addictive
 Cruel and Unusual is the best so far of Cornwell 's Dr. Kay books . The serial killer finds Dr. Kay to be his intellectual equal and takes great delight in taunting her with subtle clues . Anyone who enjoys thrillers and enjoys Patricia Cornwell , I highly recommend reading her books in the order they were written , as the characters evolve and mature with each successive book .
 I love all Pat Cornwall 's books on Dr Kay Scarpetta . I find her forenzic game of `` clue '' to be very well put together . It 's not always possible to write so many books on a theme , especially ones dealing in medical crime . The only other author to hold my interest through several novels of the same hero/heroine is Clive Cussler Well done !!
 I am 14 years old and started reading the Scarpetta series when I was 12 ! I love every novel and read them over and over again -- Cornwell has even inspired me to follow in Scarpetta 's footsteps ! I like how the book starts and ends with a twist . The matching of Waddell 's print on the dining chair was shocking and in the end with Temple Gault fleeing -- I was on the edge of my chair ! If there could be one thing that I would say to PC it would be `` THANK YOU ! ''
 I have read all but two of Cornwell 's books -LRB- the newest two -RRB- and Cruel and Unusual is by far the best ! I read the entire book in a one night sitting , turning page after page , and I have n't done that since `` Jurrasic Park '' . This is a must read for everyone ! When I first read a Cornwell book , I was traditional and read her first , and I must say that Postmortem was awful , but I gave her another chance , picked this one off of the shelf , and have never regretted it . I have loved Cornwell 's books ever since giving them and Kay Scarpetta another chance . If you want a good thrill and an excellent book , pick this one up .
 I love this book . It kept me on the edge of my seat . I was in the book going thru the same things with Kay . Couldnt put it down .
 As with all of the Patricia Corn well books , I loved it . I was impressed with the great condition of this book also . I have no problem buying used books , but this one was in much better condition than most of the used ones I purchase . It looks great on my bookshelf .
 One of the best but all Scarpetta are terrific . Love how she continues the characters and creates wonderful story lines in each book . Scarpetta is a must read for crime mystery fans !
 Very good book with investigating and forensics . Also some family interaction with her niece . Would recommend to anyone interested in murder mysteries .
 I could not give this book a full 5 starts . For whatever reason , the book seemed to &#34; bog-down &#34; and I just wanted it to end . I will continue to read the series , but this one was not my favorite .
 Cruel and UInusalPatricia is an excellent writter and I love her books , but she sometimes leaves you a bit flat at the ending of the book
 Well paced novel with interesting characters and plenty of plot twists . Patricia Cornwell writes characters that are real and have depth . Her mastery of criminal science is wonderful and offers a sense of authenticity that few authors achieve .
 The book was very good , just like the rest of Patricia Cornwell 's book about Dr Kay Scarpetta . They are always exciting to read .
 Very very good !! ... I can usually figure out who did it , not this time . so many complicated twists and turns . Great read !!!
 The book was excellent . I was barely able to put it down . I love the Kay Scarpetta series and am excited when I get to read more .
 I stumbled upon this book quite by accident and thought I 'd give it a whirl . I never expected to fall in love with a character and an author quite so quickly ! From the first page to the last , it 's a ca n't - put-down book . I love the idea of having a fingerprint from a recently-executed criminal show up at a new crime scene . And I love how they determine throughout the whirling pace of the book how this could be possible and who the real killer is . Great ending , superb characters and dialogue . Cornwell is a mistress of her field and has great credentials -- having worked for a medical investigator -- to boot ! Anyone who has n't read this book should drop everything they 're doing and read it .
 Ah , the good old days of Dr. Scarpetta and her gang of crime solvers . This book represents one of the glory days of Cornwell 's writing . I reread CRUEL AND UNUSUAL whenever I wish to return to a time when I actually liked Scarpetta.The plot is ingenious . An executed inmate 's fingerprints turn up at another crime scene . How could this possibly happen ? Perhaps he 's still alive , having been switched with another inmate instead of dying himself . Perhaps the truth is more twisted and harrowing than even Dr. Scarpetta can imagine . When Kay 's implicated in the murder of one of her workers she has to find the reason behind the fingerprints to save herself and those close to her .
 This is the 4th book in Cornwell 's Kay Scarpetta novels . I have read two others -LRB- Cause of Death and Black Notice -RRB- before this one , but this is my favorite of the three . Cruel and Unusual contains elements found in the other Scarpetta novels -LRB- difficult conversations with her mother and sister , major neuroses revolving around her niece , Lucy , internal plots hatched to ruin Scarpetta , and expecting Pete Marino to drop dead from his excesses at any second -RRB- , but not to the point where I found the repetition annoying . If anything , I want to see more of these familiar characters . The autopsy details seemed less excessive and the pace was quicker.Cruel and Unusual begins with the execution of a rapist/murderer , and the following autopsy of the felon . Shortly thereafter , a string of seemingly unconnected murders erupt around Richmond . Scarpetta finds one common strand - all appear to be committed by the supposedly dead convict . As if this is n't bad enough , her assistant is murdered and the press indicts Scarpetta.As always , Cornwell 's knowledge of forensic medicine and the law were put to good use . If you are unfamiliar with Scarpetta and the other familiar characters , do n't worry . Although she does n't bore with long recaps , she does n't assume you know every prior detail either .
 This was my first Patricia Cornwell novel and I must say I was blown away . I never thought I 'd warm up to a modern mystery writer the way I did with Agatha Christie and Dorothy L. Sayers , but Ms. Cornwell has displaced them both in my heart.C & E was by far the most fascinating book I 've ever read . I sat up until the wee hours of the morning reading this wonderful novel , devouring every word , as I could n't go to bed until I had finished it . The only disappointment was the ending . The killer came out of the blue , and there were too many loose ends.The story and characters were first rate and I intend to read all her other books . It 's been a long time since I found an author I would be willing to pay hardcover prices to read .
 Parricia Corwell , Cruel & Unusual was breathtaking in the beginning ! Her relation to her family , her dedication to her work exeptional . However , this story began to get boring towards the end ... the ending , not too great .
 I really liked this book . It is a page turner for sure . I would read before I went to bed and have to force myself to find a stopping point.I think that Patricia Cornwell is at her prime in this novel .
 I really have enjoyed the Kay Scarpetta series ... -LRB- Postmortem , Body of Evidence , All That Remains , Cruel & Unusual , The Body Farm , From Potter 's Field , Cause of Death , Unnatural Exposure , Point of Origin , Black Notice , The Last Precinct -RRB- . I have read them all except The Last Precinct which I expect to begin very soon . I recommend you read them all for pure pleasure . They are an absolute delight to read . I also recommend these books to you -LRB- as well as to my clients -RRB- because they are a great way to see how vibration and reflection works with fictional characters while you are learning how your own vibration and subsequent reflections occur ... Enjoy !
 A very talented work of a very talented writer .
 Valancourt Books ' recent publication of Mrs. Radcliffe 's Gaston de Blondeville is a publication long overdue . The novel , originally published in 1826 , three years after the mistress of the Gothic 's death , was actually written by her in 1803 , but then suppressed by her from publication . The general belief is that she disowned the novel , thinking it inferior to her other work ; literary historians have also claimed that readers agreed and greeted its publication with little enthusiasm . The primary reason usually given for why it is inferior is that it is the only one of Radcliffe 's Gothic novels where she chose to use a real ghost rather than explain what appeared to be supernatural occurrences . The general reader , and especially the student of Gothic and historical fiction , should be allowed to judge the matter for himself and now that Valancourt Books has republished Gaston de Blondeville , that decision can be made.Gaston de Blondeville , while admittedly not as full of chills and suspense as The Mysteries of Udolpho or The Italian , is a remarkable novel in Radcliffe 's canon . It marks a noted departure from her earlier novels , and in many ways , it displays her growth and restraint as an author . Considering all her previous novels were published between the time she was twenty-five and thirty-three , a remarkably young age for someone to write three of the greatest Gothic novels of all time , as well as a couple inferior ones , it is not surprising that Radcliffe sought to move in a new direction in her work . Gaston de Blondeville was the beginning of her growth in that new direction , and had she written another like it , readers may have had a real treat in an even greater Radcliffe.My only criticism of Valancourt Books ' edition of Gaston de Blondeville -- which is filled with a superb collection of secondary sources and an impressive scholarly introduction by Frances Chiu to reflect the historical and political influences of the French Revolution upon the novel -- is that no attempt is made in these supplementary materials to explain why Radcliffe made this departure from her past use of rational explanations for supposed supernatural occurrences . I believe that departure is the big question that must be answered about this novel , especially since Radcliffe was otherwise striving to be more realistic from a historical standpoint.Despite what is typically said about Gaston de Blondeville by literary historians , the six contemporary reviews provided in this edition are largely favorable . In her introduction , Frances Chiu quotes these reviews to argue that literary critics condemned the novel , but in truth , only one review is solidly negative while the rest express great enthusiasm for a new work by Mrs. Radcliffe . Chiu quotes La Belle Assemblee as saying `` it is without the lofty pretensions of some of Mrs. Radcliffe 's earlier productions , and incapable of exciting an equal intenseness of interest '' but Chiu fails to quote what comes directly after
 I am with the publisher , Valancourt Books , and wanted to post this description from the book 's back cover , since Amazon has not done so : King Henry III is holding court at Kenilworth . Festivities abound , wine flows copiously , and spirits are high as the King and his subjects prepare to celebrate the nuptials of Sir Gaston de Blondeville . But the joyous mood is interrupted when a merchant , Hugh Woodreeve , comes distraught before the King to demand justice . His kinsman , he claims , was murdered , by the very man the King has come to honour -- Gaston de Blondeville!Suspecting a conspiracy against Gaston , yet obliged to hold a trial to determine the truth of the allegations , Henry imprisons Woodreeve in a tower while awaiting a hearing . Meanwhile , sinister forces are at work , represented by an evil abbot , who will stop at nothing to ensure the truth behind Woodreeve 's claims is never revealed.As the trial unfolds and the danger mounts for both Woodreeve and Gaston , a mysterious figure will come from beyond the grave to elucidate the horrible mystery!The only one of Radcliffe 's novels to feature a real ghost , Gaston de Blondeville was published posthumously in 1826 . This edition , the first-ever scholarly edition of the novel , features a new introduction by Frances Chiu , uncoding the novel 's long-hidden political , historical , and religious contexts . A wealth of supplementary materials , including excerpts from other primary texts and the complete text of contemporary reviews , is also provided to enhance modern readers ' understanding of the novel 's themes .
 This is an entertaining and educational little volume of interviews with twelve screenwriters from Hollywood 's `` golden age . '' These folks all have tales of being disrespected and demeaned by producers and directors and of being thwarted in creating their art . But they all survived and even thrived a little and have plenty of tales humorous and horrendous of goings on in the movie business . From Ivy-League intellectual to newspaperman to truck driver , the subjects of these interviews have in common the storyteller 's knack , and that makes this book a delight for those of us who like to know what goes on behind the scenes . I wish there were twice as many interviews , though . Filmographies for the subjects appear at the back of the book , and there 's a generous helping of photos throughout .
 Most of the times , technical documentation is the poor sister at the time of creating a new product . We all have experience the frustration of reading through the manual of software or a technical product and not being able to understand what the writer is talking about . We have been frustrated because we can not follow what is suppossed to happen and it seems as we need to read into the writer 's minds.Haramundanis book comes to the rescue , providing companies with a series of step to follow in order the create the technical documentation that should accompany any product . Following these steps , will ensure the clearest quality of these documents . I wish that some developers had read this book before marketing their products !
 This is a fascinating interpretation of New Deal art -- meticulously researched with extensive photos . I agree with Mike .
 THIS IS THE BEST BOOK IN IT 'S CATAGORY . I HIGHLY RECOEMEND BUYING IT . HELP UP THE SALES ON THIS GREAT BOOK . DO N'T MAKE BARB FELL BAD BY HAVING ONLY A COUPLE PEOPLE BUY IT . : -RRB-
 THIS IS THE BEST BOOK IN IT 'S CATAGORY . I HIGHLY RECOEMEND BUYING IT . HELP UP THE SALES ON THIS GREAT BOOK . DO N'T MAKE BARB FELL BAD BY HAVING ONLY A COUPLE PEOPLE BUY IT . : -RRB-
 This is a very entertaining tale of a clever cyncial rabbi 's cat on the surface . However , the tale goes much further than exploring the cat 's desire to anthropomorphise . It deals with father-daughter relationships , love , obedience , the stiffling influence of tradition , clashes between cultures , etc. . It is uniquely influenced by Jewish theological exegesis and rabbinical commentary . Moreso than Will Eisner 's work which was a landmark in this area -LRB- also on Amazon -RRB- . I liked the artwork in the main . Panels are loosely framed on the pages which gives a light flow to the narrative . Colours are strong and mediterranean when needs be . I have two reservations however . Firstly , some of the pieces are overdrawn . Too much unnecessary detail in a scene . Text in the speech bubbles is squeezed at times and as a middle aged person with spectacles I found it hard to read on occasion . My reading wuld have been easier if overall frame size was bigger . Secondly , and this is my major reservation , the whole tale is told primarily through language used by the characters rather than through the characters actions . In other words as a graphic novel , I thought it was too wordy . You may well observe , that it is ironic that a graphic novel based around the culture of the ` people of the Book ' repeats the textual propensity of much Jewish self-commentary . Eisner , to my mind , has the text-visual balance better defined . However , these are personal aesthetic opinions and should n't detract from the overall conceptual achievement which is exemplary .
 This is a one-volume , hard-cover , adult graphic novel about a Rabbi 's cat who gets the power to speak . This novel was originally published in France , in three volumes , spread over three years . It 's a wonderful book.By the way , Joann is a guy 's name , in France . Maybe , it 's an old French spelling of John or Jean . According to the book 's jacket blurb , Sfar is one of the `` brightest and most talented of the younger generation of French comic artists . '' He has written or collaborated on over one hundred books for adults & children . Sfar received the prestigious Jury Award at Angouleme for The Rabbi 's Cat.This book will be enlightening for most people & especially for most Jewish-Americans . The three connected stories are about Algerian Jews in the 1930s , in both Algeria & France . My knowledge of this area of Jewish life & history is negligible . IThe cat in this book gains the power of speech by eating & swallowing the family 's pet parrot . The cat ends up having theological & philosophical discussions with the Rabbi . The cat wants to study Kabbalah & get Bar Mitzvahed . They debate both Western thought & Jewish thought.Through the cat 's eyes we listen in on the discussions of the Rabbi 's students . We learn who are studious & who are vain , arrogant & self-important . We see the Rabbi turn to his own Master with his problems ; but , through the cat 's eyes we see this Master as less knowledgeable than his disciple . We see a Master who spouts foolishness because he knows of his own inferiority.We learn of the anti-Semitism faced by Jews in Algeria from the non-Jewish French settlers . Many of the Jews had been living in Algeria for centuries & had adopted Arab dress , food & customs . These Jews were turned away from French restaurants & other establishments . They usually felt more at home with the native Algerians ; yet , always faced an undercurrent of nonacceptance . Even the French-Jewish establishment , centered in Paris , forced the leaders & Rabbis of the Algerian Jewish community to adapt to French ways , customs & speech . If such leaders & Rabbis could n't pass demeaning grade school exams showing proficiency in French , they would be replaced ; even though all native Algerian Jews spoke Hebrew & Arabic which had enabled them to get along quite well for those previous centuries.Through the cat 's eyes we see the title Rabbi 's struggle for acceptance by the French Jewish establishment . He is a great man in Algeria & is being considered for the post of Chief Rabbi . First he must pass this silly grade school exam . Readers see his agony & self-doubt . We see his complete joy at passing the exam & his own humbleness.We see friendship between himself & his Arab friends . We learn about Algerian Jews who have gone totally native , living like Nomadic warriors in the desert ; at home with guns , knives & lions . We learn about the differences between Algerian Jews & French Jews in the pre-WWII period . We learn about street performers & Algerian Jews who must masquerade asArabs to make a living in France ; as the French know almost nothing about Jews from Algeria who live like Arabs but are Jews.It 's a wonderful book . There is much to learn about love , loyalty , marriage , family , hypocrisy , bravery , humbleness , friendship , loss , merriment , true riches , anti-Semitism and more . All of this is contained within less than 150 pages of a graphic novel , or what the French call , an adult comic book .
 It is rare that I laugh out loud at a graphic novel but I was completely charmed by this book . The story is endearing , and the characters are like people you either know or would like to know . In some of the religious debates with the Rabbi 's Rabbi , the cat is like Groucho Marx , reincarnated in a feline form.Beautifully illustrated , the Rabbi 's Cat has , in my opinion , entered the pantheon of great cat characters , such as Krazy Kat , Puss in Boots , Fritz the Cat , and Catwoman , as played by Eartha Kitt.Warning
 Why is this book different from all other books?It is one of the most creative works I have read , whether in the category of ethnic fiction , graphic novels or books about animals . I 've never seen a book that so honestly discusses an insider 's ambivalence about his culture , and from such an unusual perspective . Through the eyes of the Rabbi 's cat , this graphic novel relates the story of a Rabbi in 1930s Algeria and France . The Rabbi faces many challenges in navigating his 3,500 year old faith and tradition as the modern world encroaches . He has spent much of his life studying the holy books and commentaries , which provide answers to many questions from cosmic theology to everyday existence . However , he continually encounters situations his religious education did not prepare him for -- from his -LRB- talking -RRB- cat 's unorthodox ideas about Judaism ; to his cat 's desire , unprecedented for an animal , to join the Jewish tribe ; to a place the Rabbi visits that does not accommodate the pious Jewish way of life . In the end , the Rabbi faces these dilemmas and difficulties with a mind of his own , in contrast to other characters who either capitulate to secularism or withdraw into hard-line and often damaging religiosity . One of the book 's themes is that love and dedication , whether to other people or even to a tradition as legalistic as Judaism 's , may not always mean strict obedience . In this , the cat , who is willing to dare `` sacrilegious magic '' to try and help his beloved master , is a most compelling narrator . The cat watches with a sympathetic eye as the humans around him live , struggle and at times bend the rules.Although the prose contains many gems , Sfar 's drawings leave something to be desired . In particular , the cat pictures mostly fail to capture a real feline 's taciturn dignity , otherwordly softness and glowing-eyed , nocturnal mystique . The human facial expressions and body language , however , add subtleties that could not be achieved in other genres . The colorist , Brigitte Findakly , more than compensates for Sfar 's shortcomings as an artist . With a bright , earthy palette , Findakly adds flavor to Sfar 's Algeria and France , creating an inviting world for the reader to step into . Occasional profanity , sexual scenes and complicated themes may make _ The Rabbi 's Cat _ unsuitable for some young children ; older children and adults should definitely read this fascinating and compelling book!Familiarity with Jewish theology , law and culture will enhance one 's appreciation and understanding of _ The Rabbi 's Cat _ . For a background in the book 's cultural context , the curious may want to read _ Judaism for Dummies _ or its counterparts in the _ Idiot 's Guide _ series ; in addition , _ Jews , God and History _ by Max I. Dimont is my favorite overview of Jewish history and would provide an excellent introduction to the historical context of _ The Rabbi 's Cat _ . _ Jews , God and History _ reveals that even before modern times , Judaism was almost never static -- to the contrary , and like most healthy traditions , it has continually evolved and developed many historical branches as it adapted to its ever changing environment . Sadly , Jews were expelled from most Arab countries as the region 's antisemitism increased in the mid-20th century ; however , a world that approximates the Rabbi 's might still exist in some Sephardic Jewish Modern Orthodox communities that maintain their traditions while accommodating secular culture . Chabad Lubavitch , a branch of basically traditional Judaism that originated in Eastern Europe , is a bit different but is much more open to answering questions and meeting with outsiders , complete with worldwide `` Chabad houses '' for the purpose . A moderate Judaism like the Rabbi 's and an irreverent Judaism like his cat 's can be found in the more progressive Conservative , Masorti , Reform , Reconstructionist and UK Liberal movements .
 As a Jewish American , I 've always been fascinated by the experiences our people in the Diaspora . The lives of American , British , French , and Algerian Jews are all different . We can be found in the unlikeliest of places ; Cuba , Mexico City , Rio , Mumbai , Dublin -LRB- I 'm not joking , there are Jews in Ireland -RRB- . I once boarded with a Jewish family in Strasbourg . Their lives were much different from those of New York Jews ; they kept a lower profile , avoided gentiles , and their eating habits were more like those of their neighbors -LRB- no bagels , herring , or kugel on their table -RRB- . British Jews , respectively , make a greater effort to appear `` English '' while avoiding non-Jews . You wo n't see cockneys eating in Jewish delis -LRB- not that I saw any Jewish delis in London aside from Bloom 's -RRB- . The Rabbi 's Cat has a very quirky story that 's not easy to summarize . A scrawny cat gains the power of speech and engages his master , a Rabbi , in debates . The Rabbis gorgeous daughter , having no interest in philosophy -LRB- and having no work to do -RRB- loves this cat as if he were an irritating younger sibling.Zlabya is your typical Arabian-Nights-Fantasy though she happens to be Jewish . She marries a French Jew of Turkish origin , and some funny conflicts arise ; he bores her , she feels self-conscious of her background , and her father is n't sure why the French Jews lack vitality . Or is he just too ... full of life?I 'm glad that graphic-novel fans will learn about the Jews of France thanks to this book . The Jews have been an important part of French society for years , but with the way things are going now , it may not last . Jews have been leaving France in greater number since 2001 , and I hope they do n't all leave for Israel , UK , or the USA . It would be a shame for France to lose such a great part of its culture .
 This has just about everything . The rabbi , of course , is learned and devout , even if his schooling causes some nervousness . The cat becomes fantastical when some mystery grants him human speech . The visit abroad captures all the distrust of the alien that the most insular of small-towners can summon . And , around all of that , the monotonous drama of life unfolds
 I started going to the comic book store with my husband who 's a life-long die-hard fan of all things related to comics , graphic novels , whatever you prefer to call them . Perusing on my own , I found The Rabbi 's Cat , and lured by the art and a short preview , I bought both volumes . I ended up completely engrossed and read through them both in three nights.These books are for grown-ups , not children , although I understand Mr. Sfar also creates books for young readers . I love his drawings and panels . They 're loose , energetic , rich in texture and color , and impart the feel of the settings and the life-force of the characters . The dialogue is lively and smart . There 's a lot going on in these stories connected by the presence of The Cat . The story and environments change ; sometimes the characters are excited and welcoming of the changes and sometimes not . I hated to see one story line end , but then the next one would pick up and I would be carried along by it engrossed and curious to see what happened next . It 's a very human story set in a complex place and time . The characters struggle to keep their faith and balance in the midst of it all . They succeed , fail , learn , and are forged.And the cat is very , very true
 This is the most beautifully illustrated graphic novel I 've ever seen , The story is intriguing and magical . From now on I 'll buy any bookillustrated by Joann Sfar . He is an amazing artist.Edward Sorel
 A delightfully funny story ! A wonderful graphic novel that gives us a cat 's - eye view of the Sephardic Jewish community in Algeria and then the Algerian community in Paris in the early 20th Century . It 's a love story . Very funny and endearing . And the hero is a cat ! This is a must for Joann Sfar fans .
 I love this series . It 's the most magical comic book series I 've read since Neil Gaiman 's `` Sandman '' ended ten years ago . `` The Rabbi 's Cat '' is like the best bits from `` Sandman '' , Spiegeman 's `` Maus '' , Satrapi 's `` Persepolis '' and Gilbert Hernandez `` Palomar '' - stories mixed into one stunning story . Truly wonderful . This volume contains the 3 first French albums . I 've read vol . 4 and 5 , and they 're equeally wonderful . Hopefully they 'll get translated into english too .
 This is a delightful tale with a lot of insight into Judaism and human nature as told from the perspective of a `` talking '' cat .
 This book came highly recommended to me by my Rabbi 's husband . I was not disappointed ! I think everyone will love this illustrated novel.Jorma
 I bought this book as a present for Christmas . My friend thought it was a wonderful tale about a talking cat and his adventures .
 This is just a wonderful graphic novel with beautiful illustrations , an interesting story set in a different culture . I had not been a fan of graphic novels , but this was one of those that have convinced me that they can , like opera , enhance the experience by using a fusion of art forms . I highly recommend it .
 A widowed rabbi , his cat and his daughter live in Algeria spin a story and lesson in Judaism very cleverly crafted in this graphic novel . Through the cat , who having eaten the family parrot , is imparted a miraculous ability to speak , questions and challenges to the Jewish faith are presented to the rabbi and the rabbi 's rabbi . First the cat lies about eating the parrot , and then he insists on learning the Kabbalah and wants a Bar Mitzvah.The rabbi 's daughter gets married to a French rabbi and they honeymoon in Paris to meet with the in-laws . The widowed rabbi and the cat accompany them and the rabbi 's faith is tested along the way , as well as his tolerance for those who do n't practice the faith as he is believes it should be practiced.You do n't have to be Jewish to appreciate this graphic novel . It 's funny , sad and is a wonderful little theological study .
 I did n't exactly like the look of the cat , though I have to admit a good resemblance to the artist 's own pet.The story begins in Algeria . A rabbi 's cat ate a parrot , and suddenly finds himself able to speak . To his master 's consternation , the cat immediately begins to tell lies -LRB- `` I did n't eat any parrot ! '' -RRB- The rabbi decides to educate him in the way of the Torah , and the cat insists he wants a Bar Mitzvah , and that by cat 's age he is well past thirteen.The author cleverly works interesting questions about religion and culture into the story in a charming , humorous and witty way . There is a magic , a tenderness in the story telling . The cat looks a bit devilish in the beginning , but his unique view of things make for interesting narration . The rabbi character is so disarmingly endearing in his honesty , and his love for his cat and his daughter , it 's impossible not to love him .
 Joann Sfar is a true master . This is a magical piece of work - so alive and full of color and character ! I 'd give it ten stars if i could !!
 This book is absolutely delightful ! It is a shear pleasure to read . It both makes you smile and think . It is both light and deep . It is a fitting testimony to the fact that a graphic novel is not just a comic book on steroids . So when you read it , do not forget to study the pictures closely .
 Beautiful book ! Joann Sfar wonderfully illustrates some classic questions about human identity , Jewish identity , the human condition , and the Jewish human condition . The humor is constantly refreshing , enhancing the depth of some philosophical episodes and keeping the tone simultaneously light and serious . I expect to read and reference this book often .
 this graphic novel does a great job of making common social issues in Africa easily understandable through the perspective of a cat . this graphic novel is complete with amazing illustrations from Sfar .
 The Rabbi 's Cat is a wonderful book . I heard the author speak on NPR and got the book . The book is in the form of a comic strip , each box lovingly illustrated by the author . The pictures are wonderful , particularly of the cat . They are a joy to behold.Even better are the stories , anecdotes taken from the lives of the Jews in North Africa in the thirties . The stories are both very sad and hysterically funny . The cat has a sardonic turn of phrase that had me in stitches . Through the difficult medium of comics , the author has managed to capture the atmosphere of the time and place . Much of the book is given to musings about life , philosophy , love , God and so on . If you like a good discussion , you 'll enjoy this book.Although the books can be enjoyed by non-Jews , I think if you do n't know the basics of Judaism , you 'll be missing the most vital part of the book . Of course , the book is so appropriate for the cat lover . The author clearly understands cats perfectly .
 This book is great fun to read . The cat is a wonderful character , particularly when he is arguing theology and Talmud . I suspect if cats really could talk and argue theology , they 'd act much like the one drawn in this book . In fact the book was inspired by the author 's real cat -LRB- who does n't speak , at least that I know of :--RRB- -RRB- but apparently does understand how to keep his humans.This book can be enjoyed on several levels - as a fable about a cat and his humans , as a series of theological and philosophical debates , or just as a fun story about a talking cat and his adventures with his master.An important story element about midway through that the cat never figures out , but my wife did - it is an exchange , not a loss . This will make more sense after you 've finished the book.One does not have to be Jewish or a scholar to appreciate the story and humor , but we gave a copy to our Rabbi as a gift and he loved it too . A couple more gift copies are planned too . Is that a positive endorsement or what?Parents of small children be warned - you might want to edit out the use of one bad word and some discussions of sexual topics .
 What can I say ? The cat is one of the most charming , insightful , and funny characters to appear since Philip Roth 's more audacious characters . This book is both laugh-out-loud funny , sad , sardonic , and ultimately life-affirming . It is an extremely offbeat book - trying to describe it is almost impossible . You really have to see it to `` get '' it . Unfortunately , no preview pages appear on the site , because that would greatly help to convey the character of the book.To give you an idea
 This book works on many different levels . I feel that the main theme of this work is summed up in one panel , when the rabbi says , `` Blessed are thou , who allows us to transgress . `` There is an underlying theme of bitterness in this book ; the rabbi is widowed ; the cat wants to become a bar-mitzvah , Paris has changed the rabbi 's family , and the wonderful singer can only find work as a clown.The main story is that of a cat narrating the events in the lives of his owners , a rabbi and his daughter . When the cat eats a parrot , he gains the power of speech , only to lose it when he wants to break one of the ten commandments.There is a lot of religious details the author has provided , but for some reason he left out one rabbinic tradition , that of a wife cutting her hair when she marries.Another theme is the role ignorance of Kabbalah and Talmud play in religious circles.In summary , this book is a wonderful tale , but not meant for kids , due to some of the translated language .
 I stumbled upon this book while browsing in the world of graphic novels , where I rarely venture . They usually give me headaches , but this one revealed a quirky style and a refreshing lack of onomatopoeia in starbursts . It 's so much easier to tell a good story when you 're not constantly being interrupted by POW !! and ZOK !!! and the like.As a cat owner , I confess that it was the title that grabbed my attention , but I 'm guessing that the plurality of cat lovers will not like the way the cat is drawn
 I passed over The Rabbi 's Cat repeatedly in the graphic novel section of my bookstore ... the cover was a bit of a turn-off and the size is a bit cumbersome . I finally flipped through it at my library and checked it out . I 'm beating myself up now for not reading this sooner ! What makes this graphic novel really great is the way that Sfar is able to weave very subtle everyday elements of life into his stories . The characters ' emotions , particularly the rabbi and the cat have such great range and believeablity ... many Western comics artists should take note.Indeed , its a welcome break from the white-boy ` slice of life ' comics that are so trendy in comics now . The Rabbi even has a debate with his cat over Western-vs . Eastern thought -LRB- albiet regarding religion and philosophy -RRB- . Its a much needed return to rich storytelling in comics .
 `` The Rabbi 's Cat '' is a sometimes humorous , sometimes profound graphic novel about an unworldly rabbi , his daughter Zlabya and her cat in early 20th century Algeria , as told by the cat . The cat gains the ability to speak by swallowing the family parrot , an act that he , of course , immediately denies . The conversations between the cat , the rabbi , and the `` rabbi 's rabbi '' are some of the funniest parts of the book , but along with such questions as whether the cat should be considered Jewish or whether his age -LRB- for bar mitzvah purposes -RRB- should be calculated in human or `` cat '' years , is some serious and wide-ranging philosophical and theological discussion . What is a Jew ? What does it mean to be created `` in God 's image '' ? What is the difference between the cat 's feeling for his mistress and the love of God ? As a Reconstructionist I like the idea put forward by another reviewer of this being `` the first Reconstructionist cat . '' And what other branch of Judaism would a cat choose?Eventually the cat pronounces the sacred name of God and loses his ability to speak , and from this point the book concentrates more on the relationships between human beings , although still from the cat 's perspective . He experiences the pangs of jealousy when a young rabbi from an assimilated French family comes to their town and falls in love with his young mistress . He and his master then travel with the young couple to Paris to meet the groom 's family , and must adjust to a very different kind of Jewish life before they return home to Algeria . On their journey they encounter several delightful minor characters , from the rabbi 's cousin Malkah of the Lions -LRB- and his pet lion -RRB- to a cabaret singer in Paris.The Rabbi 's Cat can be read on several different levels - as an entertaining `` talking animal '' story , an affectionate portrait of Sephardic Jewish culture , or a complicated story of human -LRB- and animal-human -RRB- relationships . Caution to parents
 Safr 's beautifully illustrated tale of a traditional rabbi who loses his faith in the face of colonial assimilation and a secular cat who tells the tale is on the level of Will Eisner 's Contract With God and Art Speigelman 's Maus . American readers will certainly connect to the tale as an Algerian parallel to the intellectual journey of Mordecai Kaplan , the American Jewish thinker whose Judaism as a Civilization was penned at the same time of the setting of this fictional fable . Safr raises the ultimate post-Enlightenment question
 The review with all the details about the depth and levels of the story hits the mark so I wo n't repeat it . However , I will emphasize what was not commented on . The Author is a very talented artist . He takes risks on many pages and it works , resulting in a feast of creative colorful dynamic drawings to accompany the text . The story wanes a bit in the final pages but the trip is artistically very satisfying . I hope there is a book to follow . I really enjoyed the characters and how they delt with their world and their beliefs .
 Bad pun , I know , but perfectly apt for this wonderful book . `` The Rabbi 's Cat '' is a graphic novel set in Algeria in the mid 1930s . A poor rabbi lives with his lovely daughter Zlabya and their precocious gray cat . In over 850 marvelously-varied panels , author Joann Sfar tells the story of the trio as they deal with the cosmic questions of life , love , God 's existence and fickle human nature . The story shuttles between sun-baked traditional North Africa and rain-drenched , cosmopolitan Paris . Sfar 's palette ranges from the reds , oranges and yellows of the rabbi 's home country to the muted blues , greens and whites of the Moroccan night and of the Parisian day.The book 's characters are wonderful and complex . The old rabbi is kind , God-fearing and gentle , but fears being replaced by a more urban man who speaks French . His beautiful , young daughter , content to remain in her father 's house , playing the piano and reading , also longs for love . The cat -- a cunning and shameless atheistic and opportunist -- gains speech , insists on being Bar Mitzvah and demands to learn the Kabala . He contends pointedly , if ignorantly , with the learned over theological questions -- all the while angling for a night on the prowl . There 's also old and sinewy Malka of the Lions , striding manfully from the desert , toting an ancient rifle and accompanied by his faithful leonine companion . The book follows the characters through normal life events -- shopping , praying for the dead , washing dishes -- but touches on themes of death , hypocrisy , apostasy and man 's relationship with a rather enigmatic and silent God . Using this humble cast , and in a medium not fully taken seriously by all , Sfar plumbs depths not normally plumbed by many serious works . Sfar 's art is deceptively spare , but is always evocative and never dull . His message is one of optimism , delivered with humor and humanity.If this book were a film , I would rate it PG-13 for a small amount of nudity and vulgarity , and for the adult themes it explores .
 I read the book cover to cover because I could not put it down . Some parts are definitely not for children but for adults who will see how layered the story and characters truly are .
 This was a book club selection and , at first , I thought it was simply a comic book . Wrong . This is a charming , thought provoking little book that can be read at many different levels . No wonder my rabbi was the one who suggested that we read this . If you understand the basics of Judiasm , you 'll get more out of this book . But even if you are not , you will be charmed by this fanciful tale .
 `` The Rabbi 's Cat , '' by French artist and filmmaker Joann Sfar , is a whimsical , charming fable featuring a rabbi , his lovely daughter , and a host of other characters headed by a talking cat . Both protagonist and narrator , the cat often acts as a Greek chorus who comments , often sardonically , on the actions of the humans around him . Set in pre-World War II Algeria , with a lengthy detour to Paris , the beautifully illustrated narrative depicts a richly diverse world in which individuals seek to preserve their traditions while constantly interacting with people of other cultural , social and religious backgrounds . In this multilayered environment , the presence of an intelligent talking cat does not seem entirely out of place .
 The artwork here was fantastic and original . At the back of the book there is a photograph of the author and his cat and you can clearly see where he gets his inspiration.Please be aware , though , that this book is not for children .
 Many others have reviewed this material , better than I could . Suffice it to say , Sfar 's work is consistently enjoyable , often provocative , and always entertaining . It may not be everybody 's fruit -LRB- there is nudity , profanity , challenging topics ... like life itself -RRB- , but this is certainly among the best in graphic story-telling . Read and enjoy !
 Jean Hill saw President Kennedy shot and she believed that at least one of the shooters was on the grassy knoll behind the fence and she estimated that between 4 and 6 shots were fired . Her story was heavily disputed by first the Secret Service who kept her in custody for hours on that fateful day , the CIA agent who was present in her first meeting with the FBI , and the FBI who interviewed her extensively for days after the assassination , as well as the Warren Commission 's attorney who humiliated and intimidated her before taking her testimony for the Warren Commission.Some of the most interesting facts presented in this book are :1 . Jean Hill saw Jack Ruby run at break-neck speed from the Texas Book Depository to the fence on the grassy knoll immediately after the shooting of JFK , as she ran towards the fence where she thought the shooter was .2 . She saw a man in a Dallas-police uniform holding a rifle and standing behind the fence on the grassy knoll , immediately after the shooting , right before she was grabbed and escorted away by two Secret Service men .3 . Her boyfriend was J.B. Marshall , the Dallas police officer who was on a motorcycle to the left rear of the president 's car and who 's helmet and bike got splattered with JFK 's blood and brains . He told her that LBJ 's Secret Service people instructed the motorcycle cops at the Dallas airport that these changes were being made
 Just some thoughts on Jean Hill and her book.The only book I 've purchased and read so far regarding the JFK assassination that gives you an insight on how -LRB- in this case -RRB- one of the witnesses life was affected by being in Dealy Plaza on that fateful day.She like most of the witnesses in Dealy Plaza said that she thought the shots came from the ` Grassy knoll ' . She was man handled by so-called ` secret agents ' ` Magic bullet man ' also grilled her about her affair with a Dallas motorcycle Cop . He also goaded her about the ` White dog she saw ' which turned out to be White toy given to Jackie.Jean and her young daughter were involved in a car crash , her Lover and a mechanic friend of his checked out the car and found that the track rod ends had come loose . They like any mechanical minded person came to the conclusion that the car had been tampered with . Track rod ends just do n't come loose so easily , if they did cars by necessity would have radically different steering assemblies.If you believe as I do that the witnesses in the Plaza were correct in their recollections of where the shots came from and also in their contact with -LRB- according to the official report NON EXISTANT -RRB- Dallas cops and Federal \ secret officials just minutes after the tragedy , then there must have been a conspiracy.Some reviewers have described this book as nothing more than a novel , so I looked up the words definition in the ` Collins English dictionary'Novel
 This is a great eyewitness account of the events that day , and provides more proof that the assassination of JFK was an inside job . The objective reader can only conclude that our own government not only killed JFK , but also did everything possible to cover it up . Should be added to any JFK buff 's library .
 The way Bill Sloan wrote Jean Hill 's side of her story of the assassination was in perfect terms . Jean Hill was the closest person to President Kennedy when the shots were fired and she saw where the shots came from and the feds tried to cover everything up . I believe that Jean Hill really knew and saw what happened that day in November . Anyone who would like to find out information about the assassination I believe this is the right book to read and hear what was truly covered up .
 I met Jean Hill when this book was first published , and came away from that meeting wanting to learn more , which in turn led me to her book.In the book she details what she saw the day of the assasination , as well as the experiences she has had since then . Some are amazing . She was followed by mysterious cars , her phones were bugged , etc. . . This is guaranteed to get you thinking , and perhaps questioning some of your conlusions about the assasination .
 The lady in red , Jean Hill , never wavered in her testimony that she heard 4-6 shots and the came from the grassy knoll , and saw Jack Ruby running up there ; despite his long string of two bit alibi 's . When the warren ommission 's attorney , Arlen Specter , butchered her testimony , she told him , `` well you can go straight to hell ! '' And Gordon Shanklin , of the FBI , harrassed her for years.JEAN HILL IS AN AMERICAN HERO.Please read her book .
 This is an excellent book written by the lady in red . Lots of information I did n't know . What the `` forces '' did to this woman is incredible .
 This book was amazing to read for anyone highly interested in the JFK murder . She is the infamous `` lady in red '' . We have all seen her in the film that was shot that day . But `` they '' try and encourage you not to believe her . What a joke ! Very scary ... scary and odd they didnt kill her too !!!
 People coming forward and having their lives changed is worthy noting and looking into . Jean went through so much and still sacrificed to tell a story when only it could be told , when she felt it was safe to do so . The Coup D' ` Etat that went through this public execution of our President JFK should be known , and what people have been put through because of people up top not wanting the word to get out.CJ
 JFK : THE LAST DISSENTING WITNESS by Bill Sloan with Jean Hill . This book is a `` must read '' for all JFK assasination buffs . Her detailed account of what occured on that fateful day in Dallas was living proof of the truth behind a conspiracy . The events following that day are a travisty of our poltical system . Jean Hill endured much pain and stress just because she believed she was doing what was right . Telling exactly what she saw . To this day she is the `` THE LAST DISSENTING WITNESS '' .
 This was by far one of the best conspiracy stories I ever read . I `` Feel for the author yet today '' because of what she went through and yet not one person in the Federal Government yet today has come forward and told the `` truth '' to the American people as Jean Hill had undeniably experienced . It is truly a disgrace and surely an insult to us all as American Citizens that our government , particularly the so-called `` Honorable '' Senator Arlen Specter who knowingly and willingfully participated in the cover-up , does not to this day have the decency to be honest with the American People about what actually occurred .
 This was such and interesting book to read . It 's about the one person who was the closest witness to the assassination of President Kennedy and how she was persecuted and finally redeemed . Namely Jean Hill . Her story needed to be told . It ca n't be ignored . She was filmed for Oliver Stone 's movie titled JFK . She was cut from the theater production , but it is in the director 's cut , which is the one you should see . It chronicles what lengths people will go to silence a dissenting witness . If you have ever seen the Zapruder film of the assassination , then you have seen Jean Hill . She was the woman standing on the curb in a red dress at the `` moment '' .
 I must confess this is my first PW and i liked it . I ' assure you that im going to read more of her works . This book is a suspense filled roller coaster ride from start to finish . The sub plots were great and kay it 's not nice to have affairs with friends husbands . A great suspense filled book .
 Patricia Cornwell has finally added that element to Dr. Kay Scarpetta 's character that shows her to be a human with emotions , fears , and self-doubt . Dr. Scarpetta leaves her Superwoman cape behind in this novel as she does battle with her long time foe Temple Gault . Temple moves his murderous spree to New York City where he decides that his Christmas gift to the Big Apple -LRB- and Kay Scarpetta -RRB- will be to leave a dead , bald , unidentified homeless woman in the bowels of Central Park . He then sends messages through CAIN -LRB- the very computer system created to catch him -RRB- to taunt Kay and the FBI . He does a masterful job at eluding the police and the FBI - even going so far as to kill right under their noses . But even the most masterful of murderers has a weakness , and in this gripping novel light is shed on what , in the end , brings down the house that Temple built
 I 've just started reading her books . They are absolutely wonderful !! And this is my favorite so far . I 'm so glad I 've come acrossed her books , I 've been looking for a new author to read lately . Her books rival Dean Koontz as my favorites , and that is saying alot . So , I sttrongly recommend this book-great characters !
 I never wanted this book to end . One of the most gripping books I have ever read . BUT Lucy seems to be getting dumber as she gets older
 I have read all Patricia Cornwell 's book , and I think Ms. Cornwell has reached her best in writing this book.Suspense , mystery , New York , they all contribute to keep you awake until you finish the book .
 La recensione la scrivo in italiano , anche se il libro l'ho letto in inglese -LRB- perche ' non volevo aspettare che arrivasse in italiano `` Il cimitero dei senza nome '' -RRB- . E ' un libro ben scritto pieno di suspence e che si legge tutto d'un fiato.Secondo me e ' uno dei migliori -LRB- se non il migliore -RRB- che Patricia Cornwell abbia scritto.Ovviamente lo consiglio a tutti , anche se e ' preferibile che leggiate prima gli altri che lei ha scritto , visto che i personaggi si evolvono nel corso dei vari romanzi.Dicono che ne faranno anche un film ... non vedo l'ora che esca nelle sale italiane.Ciao a tutti .
 This book is a great read , a lot of fun . I 'd recommend it to anyone who likes the genre . On the down side , I think that Gault is a little too evil -- he borders on the implausible with his ability to be one step ahead of the game . Also , I think Cornwell needs to develop Dr Kay a bit more ; she 's a good character , but needs more depth
 I 've read all of the Kay Scarpetta books up to this one and I was so glad the villian was foiled !! I love these books !! I recommend them to anyone enjoying mystery series books !
 I read a lot of the reveiws , and I do n't agree with quite a few of them . I thought this book was pretty good , and exciting . Yes , the plot is a little thinner than previous books , and yes Kay does wear on one after a time , but the forensics are awesome , and the suspense keeps on and on . I do have to admit that I do tire of Lucy somewhat . To me the books would be better without that added character . In this book Kay , Marino and Wesley are on the trail of the infamous Temple Gault -LRB- Kay 's long time nemesis -RRB- . The story is set around the week from Christmas Eve to New Year 's Eve , but a lot happens in that short time . We see Kay , Marino and Wesley panicking as they try to nail down what seems to be the most notorious serial killer in the country at that time . Pretty good stuff !
 Cornwell continues to keep me gripped into her novels and this one is no exception ... Although the ending is a bit of a shock .
 Patricia Cornwell did it again . This is the best of hers that I have read so far . It only took me two days to read the entire book , which usually says a lot for me.It will be a bit hard to really say much about the story without giving anything away , but let 's just say Temple Gault is at it again and he is worse than you have ever imagined . If you do not know who Temple Gault is , he is a serial killer that was introduced in the last two books , Cruel and Unusual and The Body Farm . You will want to read those before you jump into From Potter 's Field .
 I think that this is one of Ms. Cornwell 's most suspenseful books to date , and I could n't put it down until I 'd finished it . Old enemies make life difficult for Kay as she scrambles to find the killer 's location .
 I 've read her novel , body of evidence , some years ago and when i saw this novel at a local bookstore i immediately bought it and began reading it page after page after page , you simply can not put it down !
 Patricia Cornwell does it again ! This is my third Kay Scarpetta novel and I loved it as much as the first . Ms. Cornwell has the unusual talent of getting the reader hooked from the very beginning . I flew through this book because the storyline was very fast-paced and exciting . Ca n't wait to read the next in the series !
 If you enjoy medical thrillers , you will enjoy this book . It is evident that Cornwell does her research on her subject & you gain useful information as you read . I would like to suggest another author , Echo Heron , & her medical thriller books such as Pulse , Panic , Paradox , Mercy , & Fatal Diagnosis . Just as Cornwell has Dr Kay Scarpetta , Heron pens the Adele Monsarrat series .
 I again gave this a four rating . I enjoyed most of the book . It will hold your attention and you wonder what is going to happen next . Temple Brooks Gault comes to the surface again , this time in New York . But , he shows up many different places . You expect him to walk into Dr. Scarpetta 's office at any moment . As usual Captain Pete Marino is in rare form . My only problem is the adulty Dr. Scarpetta continues to commit with FBI Agent Wesley . I still think it cheapens the character of Scarpetta . I think of her as honest and upright . In fact , on page 281 she even had this to say , '' I will do more than threaten if people do n't do the right thing . '' Then she goes to bed with a married man with children . Go figure .
 This was a very good book with excellent descriptions . It 's a real page turner and keeps you wondering what 's going to happen next . The best parts are at the very beggining and the end .
 This story is fast paced , well thought out and exciting . The ending was good but it was shut down too quickly as if the writer stopped &#34; telling the story &#34; at the end ... that was disappointing .
 Do n't miss this one . Super mystery ... super forensics . . creative writing at its highest level . I love it and will not tell a bit of the plot . Just get it and enjoy one heck of a ride .
 Like all the Cornwell books and really enjoyed this one . The characters are fully developed and interesting . Would recommend this to anyone who likes mysteries .
 For a first book that I read from this author it keeps your interest and give a lot of forensic pathology when describing what is going .
 patricia cornwell ... . what can i say ?? never fails ... i havent read one book of hers yet i didnt think was amazing
 Another exciting Scarpetta novel with well thought out plots and attention to detail.Patricia Cornwell brings the characters to life once again in such a way that you feel as though you know them well . Gripping from start to finish with a nice touch of bringing back some characters from the past but in such a way that it can be read on it 's own as well.A must read for all Scarpetta followers .
 Prepare to keep the lights on tonight if you 're reading `` From Potter 's Field '' ! Enter the dark , even sometimes humorous , world of Dr.Kay Scarpetta , a mystery solving sleuth where you do n't expect it ! Marino better watch out for his job.Suspense and terror reign through `` Potter 's Field '' as well as suprise and intrigue . We once again encounter the evil Temple Gault and seek the identity of his latest victim . Its like mixing horror and mystery and getting the best of both worlds!If you did n't read this book on hardcover , pick it up now on paperback ! Unless , of course , your chicken . .
 Prepare to keep the lights on tonight if you 're reading `` From Potter 's Field '' ! Enter the dark , even sometimes humorous , world of Dr.Kay Scarpetta , a mystery solving sleuth where you do n't expect it ! Marino better watch out for his job.Suspense and terror reign through `` Potter 's Field '' as well as suprise and intrigue . We once again encounter the evil Temple Gault and seek the identity of his latest victim . Its like mixing horror and mystery and getting the best of both worlds!If you did n't read this book on hardcover , pick it up now on paperback ! Unless , of course , you chicken . .
 Another thumbs up for Patricia Cornwell.Anyone who has gotten to know Dr. Kay Scarpettathroughout the years wo n't want to miss this one.Another fast-moving , highly entertaining novel withall the characters you 've come to know . I was a littledisappointed with the quick ending - all the page turningto get to the end - and then - boom - it was over.PS - Note to the author
 This book by Patricia D. Cornwell holds the suspense and mystery as her other six Scarpetta novels , including the new one . It is wonderful because it offers what the reader is looking for if he/she has read other Cornwell novels . If that 's what you like , this is what you 're looking for
 Another spine-tingling tale of murder and mayhem for ourheroine , Dr. Kay Scarpetta . Her old nemesis Temple Gaultis back with a vengeance , leaving a bloody trail alongthe way to the ultimate confrontation . This page-turner isnot to be missed for all Cornwell fans !
 I have been trying to follow the series . This book is great in that it plays on the previous books , though it can be read by itself . The book arrived in great condition for a used book . I will be purchasing more of this author 's works .
 You hit the ground running with Scarpetta and never stop til the last page . Great story telling with discriptions so real you feel you are there .
 I usually have enjoyed Patricia Cornwell 's series with Coroner Scarpetta . This one is no exception . I like the character development with each main character and the relationships . Makes for a deeper involvment with the story.I found that I became involved and could n't wait until I could read again and read just a little longer to find out what 's next.This book seems to be a continuation from an earlier book but can stand on it 's own .
 Not as spell binding as others in this series but still very good . It took getting to the last couple of chapters to understand the title , but that was minor . I also found a alot of typos in this book . usually just minor ones but a name was completely wrong , but correct in the very next sentence . I had to stop for a second and think ... who is that ? ok ... off to Amazon.com to find the next one .
 this book is amazing . it was an all around exciting book . scarpetta definetly meets my expectations . it was a roller coster of emotions . i couldnt put the book down . i will re-read this book numerous times .
 i 've been an avid reader of patricia cornwell for years . once you start one of her books , you just ca n't put it down . on occasion , i 've read one book in a day and am hungry for another . now that i have my kindle , it 's so much easier to download and carry her books with me . if you love a great mystery with in depth story lines , pick up any of patricia cornwell 's books and enjoy ; you wo n't be disappointed .
 Another stunning Cornwell thriller . Working my way through a series I started reading over 10 years ago and they still make me want to make sure I 've locked all my doors and windows . Hungry for more !
 I am a great fan of Patricia Cornwell !! She has n't written a bad book yet . I have read all of her Kay Scarpetta series , when they first hit the market back in 1990 starting with Postmortem . Now I am re-reading them and still enjoy every word and plot . Thank you , Patricia Cornwell , for taking time from your hectic life , to write your books ... Sincerely Judy M.
 This book arrived quickly . It is in excellent condition . I always enjoy reading my Scarpetta mysteries . I would absolutely order from this seller again in the future .
 This is a very good book . It kept my interest . I love Patricia Cornwell and have purchased another book written by her .
 Another great book from Madame Medical Investigator Author Patricia Cornwell . Always well-researched , this time the book causes Dr. Kay Scarpetta , Marino and of course , FBI Agent Benton Wesley to investigate the death of a frozen naked woman propped openly in Central Park . Their path leads them to the parents of a psychotic serial killer , one of whom can see nothing wrong about her son and the other parent who would only see his if pointing a shotgun at the son 's face . The woman 's identity is a shock , as is Scarpetta 's handiness with a side-arm . A must-read !
 ... and with this book , she has done it yet again.The book does not start off too well , with the sherrif Santa bit being a bit confusing for the first couple of pages . I did n't like it . And i thought i might be in for a disappointing Cornwellian offering.My , was i WRONG.This book is yet another stunner . She has definitely veered away from the cunningness and cleverness which inhabited her first three books . But she more than makes up for it with a chilling plot and one of the most cold and clinical serial killers i have eve read of . Essentially , this is a serial killer novel , and as that it not especially original . But it is nonetheless a good one.Marino , Benton , Lucy and of course Kay are back again for another great read . Cornwell 's writing is sharp and to the point , and keeps the you turning those pages . I ca n't really put my finger on a reason why , but from the first time i read a Cornwell book i feel in love with the way she writes . It 's simply ... wonderful . I ca n't get enough of it . It 's no more literate than the next person 's , but for some reason i just relish every sentence she writes.The plot here is sometimes scatty and random -LRB- as was Cruel and Unusual -RRB- but here , she pulls it off a lot better . I tend not to like books full of random killings , without rhyme or reason -LRB- yoo hoo , James Patterson , author of Violets are Blue , i 'm talking in particular about you . -RRB- , but here i really did . The randomness is chilling , and Tenple Gault is a super villain , who curdles the blood . He is just so ... hateable . You loathe him absolutely . Especially when you find out how he treats his sister . You just hate him even more . With every part of i wanted him to die , die , die . It is hard to conceieve of anyone so cruel and horrifically terrifying than him . When Scarpetta talks to his parents , it 's painful to read , even though it 's fiction . It 's an extremely moving scene , full of emotion . -LRB- As is the entire book . -RRB- This book moves along relentlessly to it 's absolutely brilliant conclusion . It is the best conclusion she has penned yet , down in the bowels of the New York subway . Dark and frightening , she really brings over the atmosphere.I loved this book , as i have loved almost every single Scarpetta novel so far.The identity of the first victim should come as a real shock .
 This was the first Scarpetta Novel I read . I was half way through the first chapter when I went back to the store and bought all the books in the series that came before . This is the best there has been . This book delves into the mind of a sadistic killer , Temple Gault . It can not get more terrifying than starring into his dead ice blue eyes . If you are into thrillers this is one that will keep you up all night and not just reading . Guaranteed to make you jump at any sound .
 Book six of the Scarpetta taleswith no sign of a haltAnother of the sub-seriesthat features Temple GaultA woman 's naked in the snowthat fell on Central ParkThe killer taunts the CMEby leaving his trademarkThe killer kills and kills againalways one step aheadHe 'll likely stop at nothinguntil Kay Scarpetta 's deadA network has been compromisedHer office violatedScarpetta has to sift the factsto see how they 're relatedA hidden camera sheds some lightUpon this creepy caseThe ending wraps up quicklywith a subterranean chaseThis one 's no triumph for the DocShe comes across as weakHer private life 's just one big messand things are looking bleakCharacters drift in and outbut leave no great impressionalthough the author ties loose endsshe 's guilty of digressionI liked the last part of the bookespecially the twistThe middle 's slightly boringbut it 's worth it to persistRated
 Kay Scarpetta seems to be a very unhappy person at times , but she does get involved in some dandy murder mysteries -- and this book is one the best in the series!Temple Gault is still on the loose , focusing this time on Kay and her niece , Lucy . Temple likes to kill just for the thrill of it and never leaves any clues.He centers in now on Kay Scarpetta , and it is up to her to stop him in matter what.This book defines `` thriller '' and I could not put it down - especially the scene late one night in the morgue . What happens ? Read and find out . You wo n't be sorry .
 This was my first Cornwall book and I found it compelling in its descriptions and plot . She creates suspense that makes you want to finish the book in one sitting . I ca n't wait to read her previously published books .
 I really enjoy Patricia Cornwells books and this is no exception.Even though it deals with a character previously written about it does not stop you from understanding.I really like the descriptive nature of her books even though I do n`t know some of the terms I enjoy learning about them.The book is compelling and fastmoving even if it is sometimes gory . It is unputdownable and the concepts within it are believable.An excellent and exciting read .
 I loved this book . Cornwell is an excellent , compelling writer . She knows her stuff and she knows what to do with it ! Thumbs up !!!
 Yet another of Cornwells great reads !!! The story is non-stop , with twists here there and everywhere ! A good ending ... really keeps you guessing .
 This is a graet book ! Intense , Thrilling , Shocking ! It makes you want to read it over and over again !
 I think this is the best book from Patricia Cornwell ever . You start reading , and you can actually picture what 's happening in the book . Every page is so heart-pounding , that it actually made me scared to turn the pages . I hear there 's going to be a major motion picture on this book .
 So far I have liked From Potters Field the best . Definetly a spooky portrayal of the killer .
 Liked it , liked it . Fast paced and suspenseful . A must read for fans
 It was magnificent . I picked it up at a Border 's bookstore for 3 dollars just to see how it was . ever since I 've read it I 've been stuck on her books . It was great a little gory at parts but it had a wonderful storyline and plot . I would highly recommend this to anyone that loves mysteries .
 I had to read and do a report on this book for school . I thought I would never get finished reading it in time . When I started reading , I was thinking , this is going to be so boring . But once I read a few pages I could n't stop . When I would try to put it down at the end of a chapter , I could n't because I wanted to find what would happen next ! I would definitely recommend reading this great novel .
 My first foray into the novels of Patricia Cornwell has left me impressed . The characters were intense and realistic . My only concern is that the `` evil '' Temple Gault at the end of the novel is as vague as he was in the beginning . Why did he decide to trail and give `` gifts '' to Dr. Scarpetta ? Needless to say , I will be reading more of Cornwell 's books , especially if they are at all like this novel .
 I am on my 8th Scarpetta story . I most enjoy the relationships Cornwell develops ... Marino 's gruff demeanor and language are so colorful ... Dr. Kay is a strong female figure who uses her brain to handle the men who would take her down ... The development of Lucy 's character is interesting , but it is time she , too , develop into a stronger person emotionally . Cornwell 's work is , for me , as good as Grisham 's .
 Spine tingling thriller that keeps you at the edge of your seat untill the very last page . Temple Gault is by far one of the scariest villians I have read about . One of the best books I have read in years .
 This is only my second Cornwell novel , and I have already been won over . From Potter 's Field was even better than Body Farm , and it was nice to get to know the characters even better this time around . My only criticism is that I 'd like to see more likeable characters . So many of them are hard-edged or not very warm , which is also true of Dr. Kay , though I do like that she is a strong , capable woman . Unlike others , I do n't see Kay 's affair with Wesley as some moral affront . While I do n't say it 's right , it is part of real life , and it helps to show Kay 's softer , more vulnerable side . The buildup to the climax was nail-biting . More , more , more ! : -RRB-
 Patricia Cornwell consistently offers some of the best fiction available , and THE BODY FARM is no exception . You are enthralled from moment one , spellbound by Kay Scarpetta and the hunt for Gault . It 's an incredible thrill ride that you wo n't want to miss .
 Let 's get the negative out of the way right away
 Dr. Kay Scarpetta is after Gault , and she 's going to get him . In this exciting , and yet believable story , Cornwell uses her great characters and reoccuring maniac to tell yet another stunning tale . Good read for all . Jason Bulger
 I have read almost all of Patricia Cornwell 's series with Kay Scarpetta and if you liked her other books , you will probably enjoy this book as well . It has the same feel as the others except I find the adultery that Kay continues to commit inconsistent with her strict sense of right and wrong . Marino is always a great character you can easily picture in your mind and I found the scene with the police at the morgue particularly good . The ending was a bit of a let down . However , I 'm still hooked and will continue to read her books .
 I recently got hooked on Patricia Cornwell 's series of novels featuring Kay Scarpetta , and I thought `` From Potter 's Field '' was excellent . The plot was terrific , and the characters are so real . After reading the book you feel like you know them . Cornwell also does a great job of making the crimes and detailed as possible . And her evil character Temple Gault is one of the most frightening fictional characters I 've ever come across . My advice is that you definitely read this book , but only if you 've read at least one of the previous novels so that you 're familiar with Gault , and several of the incidents that play a part in this story line .
 Mi &egrave; piaciuto molto , comincio ad amare la Dott.ssa Scarpetta . Del resto ben rappresenta l'italia all ` estero e poi &egrave; Veneta .
 Christmas Eve in Central Park -- Temple Brooks Gault stands over his latest victim , washing his bloody hands in the snow . Pleased with his new kill , he lifts the heavy steel of an emergency exit and disappears into the fetid tunnels of the New York subway system.In Richmond , Dr. Kay Scarpetta , chief medical examiner of Virginia and consultant for the FBI , is in the midst of a late-night autopsy at the morgue when the call comes
 Ater reading Cruel and Unusual , this book definitley lived up to my expectations ! Loved it !
 Received very quickly , only a few days after purchase . Book is in excellent condition as promised . Thank you very much .
 I loved this book . I had read several of Patricia Cornwall 's books and have enjoyed them all . She has a way of making you see what you are reading . The surprise eliment of someone doing such an evil thing to , not only his sister , but his twin sister , gives this book an interesting twist.I loved this book .
 It is Christmas Eve and all is not well . Kay and Marino are called to New York where there is a dead body waiting on them in Central Park . As in the last book , the scene is staged in the fashion of serial killer , Temple Gault . The body is unidentified and the identity of the body was one I had not expected . The book also continues with Lucy and the break in at the FBI from Body Farm . I like the Kay Scarpetta series and have been reading from the beginning . This book is probably best enjoyed if you have read her two previous novels , Cruel and Unusual and Body Farm .
 There 's a crazy killer on the loose and the sicko loves the attention he is getting from Dr Kay Scarpetta . Scarpetta travels to New York City and Hilton Head Island in this thriller . The sicko also teases her with some visits to Richmond , and even uses her credit card . I found this to be an above average Patricia Cornwell book . Lots of action , lots of autopsy detail ... very entertaining . The only part I found odd was the army connection .
 In FROM POTTERS FIELD , Temple Gault is back and he 's at his worst -LRB- which is great news for the reader ! -RRB- . This psychopath is Kay Scarpetta 's nemesis and New York is his home turf , which puts her at a definite disadvantage . Gault leaves special clues knowing Scarpetta will know it 's his calling card and lure her closer to his trap for her . She knows she 's in his web and he 's drawing her ever closer but she is not able to stay away , for doing so would keep him free to increase his fatality rate.This has to be my favorite Patricia Cornwell book . I loved the game of cat and mouse that Gault plays with Scarpetta . I loved the way Scarpetta plays the game determined to win no matter what Gault tries to throw at her . And I especially loved the gift of the scalpel and the chase through the subway tunnels all over New York City -LRB- I ca n't say anymore without giving away too much ! -RRB- . This book is constant action with no slowing down so the reader can catch his/her breath . It 's almost as if the same cat and mouse game being played between Scarpetta and Gault is being copied between Cornwell and the reader . I found myself `` reading just one more chapter '' so I could figure it all out and Cornwell keeping those answers just a few pages out of my reach . Oh sure , she 'd dangle a carrot to tease me , a little morsel to keep me going , but kept me chasing the answers until the end!If you want a book that will help you relax before you go to bed or a book that will leave you with a feeling that all is wonderful in the world , pick up a book of poetry because this is definitely not the book for you . If you do n't mind losing some sleep and want to be catapulted on a journey that is unforgettable , then pick up a copy of FROM POTTERS FIELD today ! This story is the definition of a `` thriller '' . Definitely a `` stop light book '' in my opinion . -LRB- If you would like know what I mean by a stop light book , please see my review on Ugly Duckling by Iris Johansen . -RRB-
 Christmas is always a notoriously bad time for Kay Scarpetta , Chief Medical Examiner of Virginia and consulting forensic pathologist for the FBI . When Temple Gault , a cunning serial killer whose killing spree began in Richmond several years earlier , resurfaces in New York with the murder of a female transient left in frozen Central Park , Scarpetta jumps head first into the investigation . The identity of the homeless woman becomes top priority , and when it is discovered who she is , the investigation is spun into a radical new direction . Meanwhile , Gault has set his sights on Scarpetta herself ... leading to one final , terrifying encounter in the fetid tunnels below the city.A fascinating book with wonderful characterization , grisly accuracy and a high-voltage , suspensful ending . The Scarpetta series is the best ! When it comes to crime fiction , no one does it better than Cornwell .
 This is my favorite Cornwell story and it will leave you a little spooked . This was my first exposure to Patricia Cornwell which lead me to many of her other books . Temple Gault is an exceptional villain and the development of his character leaves you know how he looks , feels but no always what he may be thinking . Chillingly effective ! Well worth reading .
 Patricia Cornwell 's books are nothing short of a master-piece , especially the novel , From Potter 's Field . I could not put the book down . Following Dr. Kay Scarpetta through the tremendous search of finding the identity of a young women who 's body was found naked and frozen in Central Park . Then finding out the actual identity of the woman and her relationship with the killer was amazing . Patricia Cornwell 's books always have the best , most intreguing characters . For example , the physco-pathic killer , Gault , was such a master-mind at what he did . The way you read a book , not being able to sit still with untameable anticipation of what will happen next , is the way every Patricia Cornwell 's books will make you feel . I would recommend this book to anyone ! : - -RRB-
 Upon finding the dead , unidentified body of a woman in Central Park , Kay Scarpetta immedialtely recognizes the gruesome work of Temple Gault . Temple Gault has been murdering people for many years . He has n't struck for a while , and everyone , including Kay Scarpetta , dreads the horrid day when he does . Kay Scarpetta is the chief medical examiner of Virginia and consulting forensic pathologist for the FBI.When they find this unidentified body , they know immedidately that it is a Gault killing ... for only he murders and them puts the victim in a sitting position . This time Kay and her team are determined to find and kill Gault , no matter what the cost . But this time is different , Gault seems to be chasing Kay and her computer expert niece Lucy . Lucy , however , tries to beat him at his own game . She tries to trap him on the computer long enough so that they can find out where Gault is located.From Potter 's Field , by , Patricia Cornwell , starts out pretty slow , but soon reaches the action part and takes off from there . It is a very well written , chilling and suspenseful book that will keep you on the edge of your seat.I really enjoyed this book not only because it was well written , but because it was a mystery . If you like mysteries and semi-horrifying books , I suggest that you read this book .
 This is the first ever mystery/Thriller I have ever read . My mom gave it to me to read , I read it in a two days ! Now I am hooked and look forward to reading many more from her !
 The whole book was pretty good up until the very end . I do n't think she should have left Gault there because he had a chance of escaping and start murdering again . If I were Scarpetta I would 've either killed him or arrested him .
 the publisher said soon to be a movie . does anyone know if a movie was ever created ?
 This was a great , creepy book , and I do n't `` creep out '' very easily . Much better than her more recent ones . I do find the endings too abrupt and long for an epilogue , but I guess that 's not her style . One of her best .
 Great story that was so real that you could feel the shills when I was reading it . I think that anyone that has ever red a book by Patricia just ca n't stop , and this is an excellent example of just that . Wonderful reading !! Buy it now !!
 When I read `` Postmortem '' I thought that it was special , and this author would never write another as good . I was wrong this one is probably her finest effort , great characterizations , great twisting plot , great prose . She is hands down my favorite author and I look forward to her last three books , I have read 7 of her 's in one year , and many more as yet unwritten .
 Cornwell ca n't get any better . Reading this book has been a thrill ! I have read every one of PC 's and this is one that ranks near the top !
 I loved this book . It was so riveting and thrilling . Patricia has a great nack for writing suspense . I never had it figured out until the very end .
 This was only my first Cornwell novel and I 'm hooked ! In the past few months I have managed to collect all of her books and I ca n't wait to dive into them ! This summer will be a suspensful one for Scarpetta and I.
 Another great book by Patricia Cornwell . Kay Scarpetta isup to her lab coat in intrigue and mystery revolving aroundher old friend , Temple Gault , the FBI and her niece . Gaultleaves a trail of bodies pointing straight toward the gooddoctor and she is the one who must put a stop to his bloodygame.You wo n't be able to put this one down .
 I was heavily anticipating reading this book after finishing The Body Farm i pick this one up straight away and started reading it . Right from the prologue i was hooked i couldnt put it down . I read through this book quicker than any of the other Scarpetta novels.It is interesting to see how Kay started off owning just one gun in the first novel , a Ruger .38 . And now she has an entire arsenal in her garage.Temple Gault is definatly the most well known of the Scarpetta villans , he is a pure evil killing machine . Although he never actually appears in the book for long periods of time there is always that sence of danger , that he might be around soemwhere , and that he is capable of everything . That is what 's so intimidating about him.Overall Scarpetta has created a classic here , itll keep you hooked right up until the climax when Scapetta finally goes head to head with Gault in a deadly battle of wills that will have you on the edge of your seat in excitment.Well doen Miss Cornwell !!!
 Got ta say that my first Cornwell was very interesting . Her chapters were a bit long for my taste , BUT everything she writes from start to especially the finish , kept me on my toes and at the end , my heart beat very fast . I will give her a bit of a rest as I am not certain I can handle more of Ms. Scarpettta right now , but will go back for more action and long chapters very soon . Cornwell , has the knowledge of crime scene investigation better than any author I have read . She makes her heroine , a medical examiner , not a coroner , of which there is a big difference , come to life , like no author I have ever read . Just got ta take a while to digest this book . It does have me shook .
 Out of all the foes Scarpetta has faced in her career Temple Gault is hands down my favorite . The way Cornwell describes him is so vivid and creepy that you can see and hear him even after you put the book down . Some great twists and turns that will give you vertigo and leave you wanting more . There are some very sad and moving parts in this book and it always surprises me how easily Cornwell can tug at your heartstrings . A beautiful read !!!
 Here is a terrifying novel by Cornwell . Her knowledge of medicine and forensic science keeps you turning the page . A woman 's body is found in the snow in Central Park . There is no question that the killer is one Temple Brooks Goult . Scarpetta discovers that his killings are a pattern with one ending . It is one of her best . By Ruth Thompson author of `` The Bluegrass Dream ''
 Like all of her Scarpetta mystery novels , Patricia Cornwell has proven again that she must have been one dynamite of a Coroner when she was practicing . She has a wealth of information in her books and it is so interesting to follow as she progresses to solving the mystery . I 've never enjoyed reading as much as when I pick up a Cornwell novel .
 I love the Scarpetta books from Patricia Cornwell , I 'm only on the 5th book , but they 've been great reading .
 Cornwell 's writing is sharpe in this book . You have Temple Gaunt still on the loose and he just likes to kill for the thrill of it . It seems like he is focusing on Kay and her niece Lucy . Cornwell 's books are a master-piece in my mind . It is amazing how she writes all these great book 's . I do n't think I would want to do her homework that she does while writing her book 's
 The is one of Scarpetta 's better adventures . Temple Brooks Gault , the serial killer released from prison in `` Cruel & Unusual '' plays mind games with Scarpetta and the NYPD and NY Transit Police after a woman 's body is discovered in a park . The twisty plot is worth a re-read , especially for the ending which pits Gault against Scarpetta and her geniuse niece , Lucy , in the subway tunnels of New York .
 I love the Kay Scarpetta series , that 's how I got hooked on the whole forensics stuff ! Patricia Cornwell is an excellent author !
 This was my first Cornwell book . I enjoyed the characters in this story and I look forward to reading more about Scarpetta , Marino , Benton and company . The action was fluid and I was never sure where Gault , our killer , was going to turn up next.Cornwell is detailed and this lends credibility to the plot and circumstances . The events are gruesome , but this is a coroner we are reading about , so that is to be expected . Cornwell does not exhaust the reader with gore and that made the subject matter easier to handle.The one criticism I do have is that the story moved so fast that I felt I was sometimes missing something . I think I just have to get used to Cornwell 's writing style , and I maybe should have started the series in a chronological order . Nonetheless , a satisfying read , and I would recommend the Cornwell series to others , worthy of 4 stars .
 This book , along with all others of Patricia Cornwell 's , was wonderful . She is my absolute favorite author . Her plots are always very tense and cause me to want to stay up all night to finish the book . Ms. Cornwell will be anyone 's favorite who loves the subject of forensic pathology and mystery all-in-one . I definitely recommend Ms. Cornwell 's books ... they are ALL a MUST read .
 From Potter 's Field begins with a murder in NYC 's Central Park . The victim is a homeless woman who 's body was found propped up next to a fountain . Images of previous murder victims propped up in poses flash though Kay Scarpetta 's mind and she knows immediately that this murder seems to be the handy work of Temple Gault . The body count does n't end there though as Gault leaves a trail of violence and death . Gault is getting careless and this might mean he will finally slip up enough to be caught . There are a lot of twist and turns in this book that will leave you flipping to just one more page and then another pausing just long enough to get up and make sure that your doors are locked.I have read too many horror novels to count . I 've never been scared by any book except for Patricia Cornwell 's Kay Scarpetta series . I read right before I go to sleep and there have been nights that I slept with one eye open after reading one of her books . I recommend that you read the series in order to fully understand and enjoy the books .
 `` With each book , her scalpel is getting sharper , '' the praise from Newsweek on the inside cover claims . After reading `` From Potter 's Field '' , as well as six other novels by Patricia Cornwell , I must agree with the reviewer 's statement . Cornwell has yet to write a book that disappoints me -- so far , each book I have read has been more thrilling and stimulating than the last ! This book was no exception . In `` From Potter 's Field '' , Kay Scarpetta , Lucy , Marino , and Benton Wesley return to once again match forces with Temple Gault , a notorious serial killer who first surfaced in `` Cruel and Unusual '' , the fourth book in the Scarpetta series . As usual , Cornwell 's elements of obvious research , superb characterization , and plot developement were present , making the story seem very realistic . Everytime something new is introduced into the plot , it all builds up until everything comes together at the end . It was fun to reread parts of the book and figure out how it fit into the picture . Overall , just another great Cornwell book . I do n't know what else I can say about it that has not already been said .
 This is not Cornwell 's best , but it is worth reading . I highly recomend Postmortem , Body Of Evidence , All That Remains , Cruel & Unusual , and Point Of Origin .
 I am currently set to read the next Kay Scarpetta novel , `` Cause of Death '' and I ca n't wait . After reading the previous novels and enjoying them , I must say that `` From Potter 's Field '' ranks among three of my favourite Scarpetta novels along with `` Body of Evidence '' and `` The Body Farm '' . As with every novel in the series , Patricia Cornwell 's writing is crisp and entertaining , even if the ending of this book is quite silly . If you want an entertaining , gripping read , try `` From Potter 's Field '' and every novel in the Kay Scarpetta series .
 Mistakes can never be undone , but rectification is possible . Years after their marriage died , Ross and Tessa are drawn back together when one of their sons is diagnosed with a fatal illness . Returning to what has not been his home in a long time , Ross is met with a mix of hostility , need , and love . Before much time passes , he realizes that his son is not the only one in need of healing . With a society that has been torn apart by issues just like this , the potential audience for it is vast . Mistakes are not glossed over , but proven not to be fatal . This will give hope to thousands .
 Adermatt grabbed my attention from the very beginning and kept it to the end . She tells an extremely poignant and relevant story such that I felt I was watching every minute of it in real life . I hope this is the beginning of a series !
 I loved this ! I bought 2 copies . . The first -LRB- new -RRB- for my girlfriends mother and a second copy -LRB- used -RRB- for myself . This is Clean family centric humor that is timeless . I spent the better part of 4 hours reading this and laughing like a loon in a coffee shop . The odd looks made it even funnier !
 Cartoons featuring bizarre situations with a hint of truth can be either sick ; funny or both . The cartoons in this book can be placed in one of these three categories . Life is always a bit bizarre , even when it is at its ' most normal and routine . Somehow , each day manages to present a situation that is slightly odd , even though sometimes it is a strain to see it that way.McPherson has the perfect mentality and outlook to develop cartoons like this and he does see it that way . They are often exaggerations of the natural foibles of all aspects of life , from elementary school to retirement . There is the teacher that wants all students to contribute , so she ties ropes to their hands so that she can forcibly raise them . There is the barber who never sweeps up the hair because it insulates the floor.If you enjoy a sideways and bizarre look at life and what it presents , then you will enjoy this book .
 This book is the BEST !!!! It 's so funny when I first read it , I felt like I was going to COMPLETELY LAUGH MY HEAD OFF !! Some examples of the cartoons that are in this book are - a necklace that is made out of baby teeth , a woman who blows her face off with a hair drier , and a man who juggles at the dinner table with meatballs ! So see what I mean ? This book is TOTALLY HILLARIOUS !! So buy this book - NOW !
 I just finished the last book of the STARCHILD TRILOGY by Pohl and Williamson last week . I thought the first book REEFS OF SPACE was the best.Some of the things I liked about REEFS OF SPACE : The Plan Of Man - A super-computer which runs all human affairs . Citizens must constantly check-in at computer terminals for orders ie . before beginning work , after completing each task , before leaving a room , after entering a room etc.Risks - People who have performed badly , underachieved , or been caught performing unplanned actions or having unplanned thoughts.The Collar - An explosive collar worn by the Risks which can be detonated at anytime The Plan Of Man sees fit . It also explodes automatically if tampered with.The Body Bank - If a Risk continues to screw up or underachieve there is still one way he can contribute to society by providing body parts for transplanting onto or into those citizens who need them in order to remain useful to society.The JunkMan - A man built by using body parts and made to look exactly like one of the donors at The Body Bank in order to take his place so that this donor could escape , the only person ever to do so.There was some cool scientific stuff too ; jetless drive , Hoyle theory , simbiotic relationships . But all that mumbo-jumbo means little to me . Just call me Olaf Simpleton because it was the simpler concepts which I found entertaining and interesting.One thing left me cold ... At one point in the story someone says that they 've known several people who were sent to The Body Bank , but they 've never known anyone to recieve a body part from there . Nothing else was ever mentioned about that . ============================= Book II ============================= The first book of THE STARCHILD TRILOGY -LRB- The Reefs Of Space -RRB- I gave four stars . This book -LRB- STARCHILD -RRB- is not quite as good as the first one . I ca n't give it 3-1/2 stars so I 'll round up and settle with giving it four stars also.In THE REEFS OF SPACE you 're shown how The Plan Of Man super-computer affects and controls every aspect of daily life for the citizens of Earth and it 's colonies . You also get to experience what it 's like to wear The Collar and a really good tour of The Body Bank . In STARCHILD The Collar is still a big part of the story , but only brief mention is made of The Body Bank . This second book of the trilogy also gives an up close and personal view of The Plan Of Man super-computer . You get to see how it needs human extensions of itself , humans who can be completely trusted . You 're shown what it takes to become a companion of the computer ; the education and training involved , the surgical modifications needed , and the sacrafice of `` self '' and the leaving behind of all that had been a part of your previous life , including loved ones . You also get to see what it 's like to live out on the reefs as free men , out of the reach of The Plan Of Man . The climactic ending is great.If you intend reading the entire trilogy I suggest you stop after this book , I could hardly finish ROGUE STAR -LRB- the third book -RRB- . You DO need to read the first book -LRB- The Reefs Of Space -RRB- , but I 'd say the conclusion of STARCHILD is adequate enough to wrap up the series . ============================= BOOK III ============================ This trilogy got progressively worse for me . The first book -LRB- REEFS OF SPACE -RRB- I really liked and it was my favorite , but by the time I reached the final pages of the third book -LRB- ROGUE STAR -RRB- I did n't really know where the authors were heading with it and I really did n't care.I felt they had abandoned some earlier concepts a little too early , and perhaps could have pursued and developed other story-lines further . I hate when that happens ! Abandoning one really cool concept or story-line for a lame one . I could n't buy into that `` infant star has a crush on a beautiful woman '' thing . Yeah , yeah , yeah , I know . It ate her boyfriend and that 's why it has feelings for her . Still not sold .
 When I first took Financial Accounting , I was using Prentice Hall 's Accounting textbook by Hongren . My prof was real anal-retentive and required us to read every chapter . To ensure this , he would quiz us on the contents of each chapter before we covered it in class . I spent so much time trying to wade through the excessive verbage in that book that I ended up not having any time left to do actual problems or sharpen up my practical skills . As a result , I ended up with a D in the class although I understood most of the concepts very well . When I took the course again over the summer , I had a different professor and he used this book . What a breath of fresh air ! Meigs and company explain the accounting concepts just as thoroughly as Hongren but with about half the verbage . I breezed through my summer course and got the highest grade in the class . This book is an excellent teaching tool for beginners and would also make a great reference guide for more advanced students .
 This college accounting book is SO UNDERSTANDABLE -- it uses PLAIN ENGLISH , does n't give you a lot of hard to understand theoretical concepts like other accounting books . it gives you what you need to know in order to study accounting and in a format that you can understand . you can read thru 1 chapter easily since it only gives you what you NEED to know . it first gives objective questions in the front of the chapter and then summarizes the definitions for important words , phrases , and terminology at the end of each chapter . it 's very practical in introducing you to real life accounting.SORRY -- THIS REVIEW REFERS TO THE TEXT BOOK , NOT THE STUDY GUIDE .
 I am a student of professional Accountancy . I found this book very clear , it conveys the material to the reader very well . It has every thing availble for the student to understand the topics with illustrations . I do n't find simmilar book like this one . By reading this book , I am able to get exemption in this subject by securing grade ` A + ' . Thanks to the Authors .
 I think the study guide is more useful than the book . I find the book to be very dry and impossible to get through . The study guide in contrast narrows the focus and dispenses with the boring example sin the book . I only need the book for the quizzes in our class . I do all of the exercises in the study guide and have an A in the class .
 I am from Germany and was in the US for studying Economics . That book is very easy written and explains good . For classes it is required . A bit too expensive and too heavy to carry . Quite good .
 The book is very clear and converys the material to the reader very well . The book actually makes sure it has every thing availble for the student to understand the topic , and then some -LRB- giving websites , study guide , study questions , etc. -RRB- There are not too many books out there like that . The combination of reading this book , and going to class regurally should result in an A for anystudent .
 David Hatcher Childress ' Lost Cities series has proven to be consistently interesting , and Lost Cities and Ancient Mysteries of Africa and Arabia is no exception . Taking the everyman approach to travel writing , Childress ' accounts of his travels through Arabia and Egypt are very interesting and insightful , full of both interesting travel advice relevant to the regions he travelled through and accounts of personal experiences that make his stories very interesting to read . He thoroughly covers all of the major and most of the minor historical sites to be found throughout Africa and Arabia , often at great personal risk . It took guts to make the journeys he has made , many of which were in areas very dangerous for Americans , and a talent for writing to make them interesting . I thoroughly recommend this and all of the other Lost Cities series of books to all would-be travelers with an open mind and an interest in the unusual .
 I picked up this book not realizing that I had already read excerpts from it in another of Childress ' books . I was headed for Jordan and was interested in reading up on Petra when I found this book . As I read more , it began to get really interesting . His broad coverage of various theories of ancient civilizations is fascinating , if sometimes hard to believe . But , that being said , there are so many unexplained civilizations out there that , however fanciful the explanations may be , who knows , some may even be correct !! It 's an entertaining read , and really causes you to reconsider some very basic historical facts that may turn out to be in error . How DID those guys at the Temple of Ba'al move 2 million pound stones ?!? Makes you wonder !!
 David Hatcher Childress makes no secret of the fact that he supports the diffusionist , as opposed to the isolationist view of prehistory -LRB- i.e. he believes there was more contact between various ancient civilisations than is generally supposed by academics -RRB- . Whether one swallows DHC 's views on Atlantis or the ` Osirian Empire ' is really beside the point , as this book 's value lies primarily in its entertaining and evocative travelogue , not in any pretensions to accuracy . Even if DHC 's theories are completely bogus , his books still make entertaining reading.The reviewers who dismiss DHC 's books as worthless because he is n't a scientist and engages in speculation -LRB- sample sentence
 There is no other book on Africa , or Arabia , like this one ! Like in his other books , Childress rambles from place to place looking for mysteries , lost cities , and adventure . If you are looking for some dry fossil hunter story , this is n't it . It 's the only book that I know of that covers such unusual topics as port cities in the middle of the Arabian Desert , the history of the Ark of the Covenant , the giant megaliths of the Kalahari Desert and other little-discussed topics . Lots of old maps , photos and illustrations . It is a fun book to browse through as well .
 Ok , let 's get one thing out of the way . David Childress is not an archeologist . Some people seem to get hung up on this , so let 's make that real clear . I always see his books in the `` Travel Narrative '' section of the bookstore , and that 's exactly what they are ... great travel narratives.The books has two modes . Mr. Childress ' travel stories , and his telling of `` wacky '' theories of the places he visits . Within the first 25 pages , you have stories of ancient nuclear weapons , flying machines , and continent spanning civilizations that no one has heard of ! And he explains that this is the `` easiest '' way of rationalizing the things he has seen ! -LRB- Such as , giant blocks of stone that are too big to move , `` even by modern engineering '' -RRB- . On the whole , this is a great read if you want some insight into the crazy ideas that exist out there . Childress seems to have a mainline into most of them . His travel writing is pretty good too.One note
 I think this book is great . I love DHC 's writing style and humor . His perspective is refreshing and clever -- a book of discovery as travel is -- new discoveries around every corner !
 I 've read all of Childress 's lost cities books , and this is one of my favorites . It is one of the first books to challenge the dogma that the great Sphinx and the Osirion of Egypt are over 10,000 years old . The Lost Cities Series is a fascinating series of books , written with humor , insight , depth and astoning knowledge of the ancient past . -- Richard Noone
 this , another book in the Lost Cities Series , arrived quickly and in excellent condition . i 've had fun reading them one by one .
 Lincoln Reconsidered is a collection of provactive essays that probe the multiple depths of Abraham Lincoln -- life and mythology . He paints Lincoln 's portrait onto the background of the sectional conflict that led to the Civil War . Originally published about 1961 , Donald 's stories remain fresh and relevant . In fact the reader will encounter the thesis and outline for his recent prize-winning biography of Lincoln . I first encoutered LR in 1962 when I taught Advanced Placement American History and assigned portions of the book to my students . They loved it ; you will . Donald is a superlative historian and stylist . Listen to these chapter headings
 Lincoln Reconsidered is a series of essays written by Donald prior to the publication of his award-winning biography Lincoln . First published in 1956 and now in its third edition , the essays have worn well , providing great insight into Lincoln the man as opposed to Lincoln the myth , much in the vein of Richard N. Current 's The Lincoln Nobody Knows . Had Donald accomplished nothing else this would be a valuable addition to everyone 's Lincoln reference library . But the value of Donald 's insights goes beyond those of Lincoln and his era . As a former Advanced Placement United States Government and Politics teacher , there is much in this slim volume that is instructive for our contemporary divided America , essays relevant and useful in today 's classrooms . And insights which serve as a warning , particularly his comment that , `` At only one time have rigid ideologists dominated our national government -- the Sumners of the North , the Jefferson Davises of the South -- and the result was near disaster . '' -LRB- p. 13 -RRB- Let us pray in 2013 that history does not repeat itself . In more or less chronological order Donald examines
 According to the author 's Preface , the publisher originally wanted to title this work `` Chips from a Historian 's Workbench . '' While awkward , that title was certainly perceptive . This book takes research that perhaps never found a place in other papers or books about Lincoln and uses it to show us a different way to see him and the events leading to the Civil War.This book contains numerous interesting bits of information about Lincoln although the one piece I found most interesting was the fact that Lincoln was a land surveyor for a time . Many writers focus on Lincoln 's limited education but a surveyor must have a good understanding of mathematics and by most accounts , Lincoln was very competent . This brings to issue the long standing belief that Lincoln had little formal education but , according to the author , Lincoln 's formal education was consistant with that received by young people at that time.There are some sections of this book where Lincoln 's name fails to appear and the reader might have cause to wonder if he is reading the wrong book . Fortunately , these little detours are not only interesting but help us see Lincoln and the Civil War period from a new perspective.I found this short book -LRB- about 200 pages -RRB- to be interesting and engaging . It was written by an author who understands how to communicate and keep the reader 's interest . I would recommend it to anyone having an interest in Lincoln or the Civil War .
 Famous Lincoln scholar David Herbert Donald first wrote this collection essays as he was preparing his monumental biography of Abraham Lincoln , decades ago . The collection , periodically updated and reprinted , hold up pretty well as an antidote to Lincoln the myth , offering instead Lincoln the man of flesh and blood.Many of the myths with which Donald does battle are still prevalent , and his thoughtful essays provide insight and context on a remarkable man , raised on the American frontier and largely self-made , who became a successful lawyer , politician , and wartime president . Donald discusses Lincoln 's background , education , his Whig politican background , and the adroit way in which he managed his administration during the Civil War . Among the touchy issues are Lincoln 's handling of the Emancipation Proclomation and his selective curbing of civil war during the rebellion . Donald acknowledges many contradictions , but offers some pathways to understanding a complex man whose life has been distorted by both historians and more recent politicians ; highly recommended to students of Lincoln and of the Civil War .
 For the mpost part any book by David Donald is worth the time and effort to read . This book offers fresh insights into the perception of Lincoln . Belongs on the shelf of every person interested in 19th century America .
 `` Lincoln Reconsidered '' by David Donald 1961History has always been an interest for me . This takes a bit of time and expands on it very nicely . It starts out with a nice introdution about Lincoln and his times , the people he knew and worked with , then goes onto the politics and war . It had some anecdotes that you never see anywhere else . It turns out that Linoln was not a rabid emancipationist , but a pratical president who did things as needed to be done . I wondered before why he only freed the slaves in the states in rebellion
 For as important as Economics is to the Past , Present and Future of Humanity , its met with a collective yawn and almost completely missunderstood ! For just 20 bucks and 8 hours of your time you can have a mental grasp on the engine that drives ... everything . Unless you are completely vacant this book can change your mind . Very important ideas . Give this one to everyone you know . If one person reads it , you have helped humanity .
 Hazlitt 's view is simple
 You can get the full text of the 1952 edition free here
 This book was written in the 1940s , so you have to take the examples as they are written for that era -LRB- i.e. , railroads , radios , etc. -RRB- and equate them to modern technology . Nevertheless , the SOLID economic lessons in this book can not be refuted.All Liberals should read this book and rethink their twisted outlook on life and economics . This book is definitely NOT , `` from each according to his abilities to each according to his needs '' , or to quote our current fearless leader , `` we need to spread the wealth around . `` The book gives real world examples to illustrate its points . Everyone should read this book , especially high school children , before they become brainwashed by the far-left and the unions in this country .
 This is an excellent book that refutes so many misconstrued theories that are floating out there . I wish they required all highschool students to read this as this one book would serve them many times better than disecting a frog . Once you read this you will never look at the world and hear a news report on the economy the same .
 This book is the best way to understand basic economic principles , and I 'd recommend its teaching from high school to college to get people familiarized with its lessons .
 A great educational primer on economics . It 's not an enjoyable read per se , but once you read it you never quite forget it . Every bad liberal idea -- minimum wage laws , rent control , etc. -- is explained , and all is constantly brought back to the central thesis . Accessible to just about anyone .
 When I lost my job 3 years ago I wanted to know why ! Why have I been financially set back twenty five years ? Why the harder I worked , the more hours I put in the more the state and federal government took away from me.What was wrong with the American dream?I started my journey to learn economics with this book and when I finished each chapter the angrier I got ... By the time I finished it I was furious . See I learned that Government was the blame for all this financial misery . Government bureaucrats and politicians who are economic ignoramuses making legislation and regulation who do n't take into consideration the long term ramifications of these laws in destroying our nation 's economy . This has been in the making for the last one hundred years until we have reached the point we are now.And what do we have now ? We have a Central Planed Socialist nightmare that has eaten away the free market to the point where it is almost unrecognizable in this country.This is what the great Austrian Economists have warned us about . `` Economics in One Lesson '' by Henry Hazlitt is simply brilliant ! It 's the place to start . A very easy read , easy to understand and guaranteed to give you the ability to see easily what 's currently going on and how these bad governmental decisions lead us to ruin.Once you finish this book and you crave more ... I suggest F.A. Hayek `` The Road to Serfdom '' and also check out the Ludwig von Mises Institute on line ... They have a great website with audio lessons available.If you have a deep passion for this nation , I ca n't stress more on spreading the word about fine books like this one . The more people that learn these simple economic lessons , the better the chance we can change the course of this nation and hopefully return to a land of prosperity for our future generations .
 Rather than explaining why this is a good book -LRB- other revierw 's do that -RRB- , I 'll explain why some of the idiotic criticisms levied against this book are wrong.The most silly criticism of Hazlitt -LRB- and other Austrian free-market economists -RRB- is that they are n't `` scientific '' and in short `` do n't use enough math '' . This is an absurd criticism . Firstly , human beings are not deterministic particles who 's behaviour can be predicted by simple equations . Any attempt to reduce human behaviour to some mathematical equation is pure non-sense . We must consider human beings as individual entities who can choose , not fixed constants in mathematical formuli.Secondly , there is a mathematics that is relevant to Austrians . It is chaos theory and network theory . Chaos theory is currently used to predict the weather . The calculus used by Keynes and other idiots like him is completely useless for describing the behaviour of chaotic systems where individual choice is involved . Hazlitt may not mention Chaos Theory . For that , see Murray N. Rothbard , `` Choas Theory
 This is , in my opinion , the most important introduction to economics ever written . I began to read with some doubt that it could be of any interest . It not only captured my interest but set me on a path of new discovery making a subject I formerly considered so much witchcraft into a subject that permeates virtually every aspect of our lives . It is the founding theory that can make us a truly free people or enslaved to economic failures.No other book has dispelled the myths and fallacies that have plagued economic study like this one.It is a book for every citizen before he votes or runs for even the office of dog-catcher . Read and follow it with Hayek ` sThe Road to Serfdom
 This is the most easily-understood book on economics I have ever come across . It should be required reading beginning in 5th grade . If one can understand true economics , one can understand why America is beginning to deteriorate as a World Power .
 Henry Hazlitt provides the simple lesson in one short chapter , then uses the rest of this book to support this lesson . The result is a remarkably pragmatic and groundbreaking treatise in economic theory that anyone will find understandable and compelling.Strangely enough , when I was getting my B.A. in Economics from an institution of higher learning called Rockford College -LRB- Class of ' 74 -RRB- , I was never introduced to the works of Henry Hazlitt ; it 's too bad , getting that degree would 've been so much easier.Now , thirty-five years later , stumbling upon Amazon 's recommendations for me , I finally grabbed this book ; better late than never.The past year or so , thanks in large part to the worst financial crisis since The Great Depression , the subject of economic theory has been hot . People want to know what went wrong . As Guy Sorman concludes in his marvelous book , Economics Does Not Lie
 This book makes economics easy to understand . It S/B required reading for all high school students and anyone else who believes in the merits of capitalism .
 Economics in One Lesson should be required reading for anyone who wants to know todays most common economic fallacies that are being pushed today . Was simply a breath of fresh air , I could n't put it down . This book is not about politics , the reviewers that say it is only say so because their party believes these destructive economic fallacies .
 From previous reviews , I was under the impression that the `` one lesson '' was essentially repeated throughout the book.This sounded rather tedious.I was pleasantly surprised that each chapter covers a different topic . The `` one lesson '' is broad enough that it covers pretty much any topic in economics , so the author is free to discuss a long list of subjects and applications.Despite being written decades ago , this book is -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- very timely . The blowout government spending of the last few years shows clearly that our society has forgotten much , perhaps most , of how economics works.The only drawback to the book is that its title implies it covers all of economics . I had expected a one-book summary of the entire science -LRB- micro to macro -RRB- . Instead , the book 's primary focus is on how government actions affect the economy . Granted , our government today interferes in almost every sector of the economy , so this makes the book more broadly relevant than the author probably would have liked.Still , the basics of micro economics are not really covered here . They should be sought elsewhere .
 A book that explains free market economics the way it should be . It is easy to read and understand , which makes it a great economics book for beginners . Every high school student should read it before they graduate .
 Truly does explain fundamental economic principals in depth and detail . Using examples , and expanding on them . These principals can be applied to both micro and macro economics . Good read for both beginners and experienced economics students .
 With the turbulent market and government intervention it was nice to read something that explains economics in understandable language . Written over a half century ago , this book should have been read by people in control of our financial system and maybe we would n't be in the shape we are in .
 In the tradition of Bastiat 's - The Law , Haizlitt slays his philosophical opponents with clear , biting truth ; and , packs it all into 100-odd pages . Especially appropriate given the time period in which it was penned , Haizlitt effectively puts to rest Keynesian notions of mathematical precision and makes the best case for economic freedom produced in the 20th century . Highly readable ... a `` Human Action '' for the masses .
 Only a retard would give this book a bad review just because it does n't address &#34; externalities &#34; or because the book does n't speak in terms of &#34; aggregate demand &#34; . That 's akin to complaining about the lack of Wookies in the latest Star Trek movie . Furthermore , this is not a &#34; conservative &#34; book . I used to be a conservative , and I remember being quite uneasy about a handful of these chapters , the first time I read this book . Over the years , I 've changed my views , and I now believe Hazlitt is correct .
 Hazlitt presents a clear , concise lesson on basic economics . His message is well-articulated and well-supported . This is a must read for every person who has ever worked or voted -LRB- or is planning to do either -RRB- because it discusses the essentials in both economic theory and the politics that put the theory into practice.Unfortunately , there are some erroneous ideas in this book . Hazlitt occasionally makes claims or implies that the government should make some interventions into the economy ; he also seems to think that capitalism 's merit lies in its service to the `` common good . '' However , these fallacies are rare , and they do not significantly detract from the book.For a great back-to-back lesson in economics and its moral base , read this book followed by CAPITALISM
 This book is a fine introduction to how economic theory can dictate policies that promote the economic well being of society . The focus of the book is `` The Law of Unintended Consequences '' , and the author brings in countless examples of how well meaning policies , such as price ceilings , rent control , etc have led to disastrous results.In giving it 4 stars instead of 5 , I 'd like to point out some concerns .1 -RRB- The book , while a classic , is somewhat dated . The ideas are still pertinent , but many examples are not as relevant today .2 -RRB- I 'm afraid that reading Naked Economics first spoiled me a bit . This book lacked the humor and pep that kept me engrossed in the former .3 -RRB- Most importantly , the book is strictly about economics , and is too simplistic in some ways . It fails to incorporate the complex real world political dynamics that determine policy . Today , most congressmen are sold on the benefits of free trade . But the barriers to economic growth are more nuanced in the real world.Some will argue that this was not the focus of the book , and they are correct . Still , I fear that a reader will latch onto Hazlitt 's ideas as a panacea , and fail to appreciate that in a world where `` Keeping up with the Joneses '' is as important , if not more important , than how much wealth one has , that policy decisions are more complex that the author would have us believe .
 Do n't buy the audio version from audible.com . Their programming skills are terrible . I could not download some of the books I bought , could not burn into cd the ones I could download , and forget about making it work with an mp3 player , unless you 're lucky.I know about 5 people who bought stuff from there and only one had the luck of downloading a working file and burning it successfully to a cd.The quality of the narrations is awful , at least in the books I managed to hear -LRB- only on windows media player , nothing else worked -RRB- . If you 're used to books on cd or tape , you 're up for a big disappointment buying from audible.On top of all that , they have the worst customer service I have ever witnessed . The site was not working right when I tried to purchase there for the first time . I sent them a message with no answer.In a second attempt , I bought the stuff and some files never downloaded -LRB- which means they just stole my money and I do n't know what I can do since I do n't live in USA -RRB- . I sent another message with no answer again.Then their weird program , which turns Windows Media Player automatically on instead of working alone , showed no compatibility to Itunes and no possibility of burning cds or dreaming about hearing books on Ipod . I sent them a third message and nothing . A fourth and guess what ? Nothing again.So I am at least trying to warn other people here to avoid being caught by such scheme . I hope Amazon gets rid of audible as soon as possible . I always got great service from Amazon and the affiliated bookstores , or even other stores selling electronics , health products and others , but audible is just the worst company I ever wasted my money with . Too bad we can not give notes to them like with the affiliated booksellers.Sorry by the poor text , I am just mad with them .
 As Albert Einstein said , everything should be made as simple as possible , but no simpler . Hazlitt makes a cogent argument that overall productivity in macro-markets is maximized by classical economic policies with an emphasis on unregulated markets . But on let us not get too easily carried away by this author 's reduction.The global markets of our age are , after all , dominated by the great -LRB- and institutionally amoral -RRB- transnational corporations we 've been effectively forced to know so well . Despite spectacular public relations , these have in many important way proved themselves untrustworthy as guardians and promoters of our collective interests.Robert Kuttner 's `` Everything For Sale , '' to give one example , provides excellent and badly needed counterbalance to Hazlitt 's argument . Kuttner gives numerous examples of issues that most of us would consider very important -LRB- such as health and the environment -RRB- and goes into probing and very revealing detail on why and how so-called free markets simply fail .
 Overall , the book has some intersting points and facts but there are way too many times when the author uses too many words to get to one point . For example he 'll use a lot of transitional phrases such as more over , furthermore , therfore , and in the other hand all together and it seems that he 's just doing it to make the book longer . In my opinion , the book is ok but it 's not the best .
 I am a homeschooler , I and am 16 , I used to hate economics before I read this book . The book changed my views on almost all economic standpoints , and really opened my eyes to foolish things proformed by almost all politicians . I think this manual should be maditory to read before taking any public office . It really shows how ignorant we really are ! A MUST READ FOR ANYONE WHO WANTS TO KNOW THE TRUTH !!!!!
 This book is a must read for anyone involve in public policy . Hazlitt lays out the basics in a simple and understandable format . Anyone involved in local government or thinking about running for public office should read this cover to cover -- the taxpayers will thank you !
 This book takes a subject that is considered rather boring by a large number of people and explains it in simple and enjoyable terms.Hazlitt does a really good job of explaining many of the fallacies in the practice of economics that are foisted upon the citizens and debunks them one by one . He uses a story form to educate the readers on the problems with typically inflicted governmental action in about 25 areas including the following
 Have you ever wondered whether society needs welfare , rent control , minimum wage , or really any other of these types of safety nets to get along ? I read this book a while ago , but I can say It changed the very way I thought about politics , philosophy , and economics . I found myself reading paragraphs over and over again to understand all the implications of his wordy logic . I really do n't see how people can say this book is outdated considering our economy is faltering as a result of programs Henry Hazlitt considers unnecessary and even immoral . The unintended consequences of social programs now glare at me everywhere I turn.Let 's take minimum wage . If you grabbed some random guy off the street and asked whether there should be a minimum wage he would probably say yes - and if you 're where I live he would say the current $ 7.25 `` is n't enough . '' Well first of all , who gets to decide what a `` living wage '' is anyway ? Is n't a question like that totally subjective , in the eye of the beholder one might say ? If everyone were able to force their employer to pay what they consider `` just '' -LRB- $ 50/hour for stocking groceries sounds nice , -RRB- every business would fail rather swiftly . I usually hear that all businessmen are evil and they will always seek to `` exploit '' the labor force by paying an `` unfair wage . '' I think if this were the case everyone would be making minimum wage . Businesses have to compete to attract employees and offering higher wages is the way to accomplish that . So why implement a minimum wage in the first place ? I 'm sure it is seen as a solution to help the poor , obviously if businessmen were forced to give more money for labor those working would be better off right?First lets see what happens to the business . The cost of production has been raised and I feel inclined to say that business will raise prices though this usually would n't be the case . Most prices are already at a point where if you lower them the firm would n't be making a profit and if you raise prices demand will fall to a point where you also would n't be making a profit . The only other solution is to lower cost of production . This will lead to the unemployment of those whose productivity does n't justify such a high wage . In the case of where I work no one was immediately laid off but as people quit here and there others were not hired in their stead . Basically if you working a low-skilled job and the government arbitrarily forces your employer to pay you more , you could very well be out of a job all-together . So actually yes , those who are left working would be better off but it will be at the expense of those who have lost their jobs . Which is better $ 2/hr . or $ 0/hr ? Minimum wage creates unemployment which hurts the poorest the worst.Or heres a simple one , economic stimulus . Can government stimulate growth in an economy ? What if government spends billions of dollars on projects they deem appropriate ? I think on the face of it economic stimulus makes no sense simply because all funds going into the economy necessarily had to come from the economy . Even when you print money for these purposes you will eventually have to pay for them in the form of inflation . Not to mention whatever the government decides as an appropriate project will have to be contrary to what consumers actually want considering the force required to carry out these plans.I highly recommend this book , even if you are a layman do n't be discouraged by the word `` economics . '' I would consider myself very simple and I feel I grasped this whole capitalism concept pretty well . I ca n't stress enough the importance of the private ownership over the means of production , the market forces businesses to serve our needs , government will only join up with the wealthy and double-team our poor little behinds . Peace !
 Economics has always had the nickname , `` the dismal science '' . This has probably never been truer today . People who can explain how economics work in a simple way are rare . Henry Hazlitt is one of few . This book was first written in 1946 , a time when his views were unfashionable -LRB- John Maynard Keynes was the role model at this time -RRB- , and it was slightly updated in 1979 when his opinions were back in vogue . Hazlitt is a hero in libertarian circles , both in the past with friends like Ayn Rand , Friedrich von Hayek and Milton Friedman , and right now with praise from Ron Paul and Steve Forbes . However , I do n't think you have to be a libertarian or a conservative to appreciate this book . Over 1 million copies have been sold so far.The book 's subtitle is `` The Shortest And Surest Way To Understand Basic Economics '' which probably is true , especially if you politically have more conservative views . The book opens strongly with part one `` The Lesson '' , which on eight pages explains the basics , which actually is enough to read . Then that is applied on various topics like why there is no net benefit to the economy from broken windows or wars , plus several chapters on why less government is better than more.This must be one of the easiest books to read in the field of economics . Very simple language and complex issues are dealt with head on . They are beautifully explained . The text is a pleasure to read , and an entertaining read too , since you tend to side with the author against everyone else , who does n't seem to understand anything.The battle among economists -LRB- say the Austrian school against the Keynesian -RRB- , politicians -LRB- Tea Party against Obama -RRB- or countries -LRB- like Germany against PIIGS -RRB- is as fierce as it has ever been . It 's been an on-going battle since the gold standard fell out of favour during the 1930 's . The topics of the current debate in Europe , Japan and the US are the same . More or less government intervention , more or less/no QE etc. . My favourite chapter is part three , which was added in 1979 , which has the title `` The Lesson After Thirty Years '' . His conclusion then was that politicians had learnt nothing . The policies he had warned for in 1946 had been implemented by politicians and the western world was now suffering because of that . He focused specifically on the topic of the decade , inflation . He viewed it as an effect of a big increase in government spending , big government deficits and the big increase in stock of money.His discussion around this problem feels very current . Despite that everything had gone against him over those 30 years , and that he concludes that the outlook is dark he manages to find some hope . That hope was that he felt that the `` Keynesians '' and the `` New Dealers '' were in retreat , and that the conservatives , libertarians and the defenders of free enterprise were more outspoken . That hope actually proved to be right , in the sense that inflation was killed . However , I highly doubt that he in his wildest dreams would have guessed what actually happened over the following decades and that he would have been very unhappy with the current situation . Still , just as in 1979 , I guess he would have seen some hope in the debate.In part one he has even narrowed down his lesson , to one sentence `` The art of economics consists in looking not merely at the immediate but at the longer effects of any act or policy ; it consists of tracing the consequences of that policy not merely for one group but for all groups '' . Mr Hazlitt died in 1993 -LRB- 98 years old -RRB- . If not , I would have looked forward to an update , a chapter four - The Lesson after 64 years.This is a review by eqtbooks.com
 I bought this book from Mises itself , I wanted the hardcover and I try to buy all of my books on economics from them in support of their efforts . I think that gives away where my biases might lay , but that is fine with me.I 've read `` Human Action '' , Mises , and `` Making Economic Sense '' , Rothbard , beforehand . So I knew what I was getting myself into . I was thorough pleased with how it read , the conclusions were just as clearly explained as the previous two authors I have read . This book is especially relevant still to this day , and it 's inspiring to know that there are still copies being printed . I will be sharing and buying extra copies of this one to hand out.For all of those doubting this book , do not hesitate to buy it and read it . You will likely learn something that covers the $ 10 cost for the paperback edition . If you like it , give it to someone else and let them read it . This is information that will never expire , and it needs to be shared . '' `` Learn everything you can about a Free Society . Read the greats , like Frederic Bastiat , Luwig Von Mises , and Murray Rothbard . As you delve into the literature of Liberty , share what 're reading and learning . Start a Blog . Create a Youtube Channel . Organize a Reading Group . But whatever you do , learn , spread what you 're learning and never stop . '' '' - Lew Rockwell
 First , let me make it clear that I am an economics major , pursuing a BS and hoping to continue my education with either a PhD in Econ or a JD . I say this only to indicate that I have some degree of knowledge of the subject matter at hand . Despite studying close to 3 years of economics , Henry Hazlitt 's magnificent work , Economics in One Lesson , is still a valuable resource . Even Keynesian economists will find something of value in this legendary introduction to Austrian economics . Whether you are a layman or a college educated economist , I 'm sure this classic work will be of some worth to you.Positive Aspects :1 -RRB- Hazlitt is an excellent writer . I can not imagine an economics book that is more clearly and concisely written .2 -RRB- Hazlitt is , for the most part , absolutely correct . Despite what you hear in modern media , government intervention is , in general , harmful to the economy as a whole .3 -RRB- The chapters are short . Anyone can sit down for a few minutes , read a chapter or two , and gain some knowledge relevant to economic discourse .4 -RRB- Compared with other works on economics , this book is something of a page-turner . You wo n't be bored to death trying to deal with complicated mathematics of graphs .5 -RRB- A wide variety of topics concerning government intervention in the economy are covered . Amazingly , nearly the entire book is relevant to modern discussions.Negative Aspects :1 -RRB- Some of the arguments in Hazlitt 's work are simply too brief . His reasoning does n't always feel fully fleshed out , nor is he always charitable to the opposing viewpoint.In conclusion , I feel Hazlitt 's book is somewhat impossible to summarize . I will attempt to do my best . Anyone who is even somewhat interested in economics will benefit from reading this book , whether or not they agree with the author 's conclusions . It is a classic economics introduction for a reason , after all . I would recommend this work to anyone who has even a passing interest in economics . Do n't take my word for it , though ; buy this book , and let Hazlitt speak to you .
 You know how most economics books are really , really boring ? And economics books are usually full of a bunch of boring formulas . In college , I read two of these super boring economics textbooks , and I really did n't learn very much about economics . After college , I read this book , and I learned about twice as much by reading this book , than by going through my two boring college economics classes.This book is so easy to read . It has really interesting examples , like what 's the economic benefit or detriment to an economy , if a thug tosses a brick through a shopkeeper 's store window ? The broken window will create jobs for the people who make new glass windows , but what does this do to the economy as a whole ? Even though the book centers on this example , and examples really similar to this , it covers tons of different topics in economics.Everyone should read this book ! Economics is a very important subject , and it can be really hard to get into an economics book long enough to actually learn anything . This book is totally great for a first time introduction to economics , and it 's a great way of looking at things differently even if you know a lot about it.I 've read the print book years ago , and I just listened to the audible edition . Both are excellent , and it was a great book to read again.Pros : + The quickest way to get you up to speed on the subject of economics + If you 're interested in politics at all , you really should read this book + It might be the only readable book about economics out there , and economics is a really important subject + Still fascinating after over 70 years + Audio book reader was greatCons : - It was originally published in 1946 , and then updated in 1978 . So , even this most recent version is over thirty years old , so it 's written in a little older language with dated examples , but for what it is , it 's very good-It 's a little harsh , just like all economics books are , about small groups of people who should lose their jobs so that more people can have jobs in the long run . I 'd recommend a few sections on how we can help these people transition , but then that would probably make this book really long .
 This is an excellent introduction to economics . The best part about it is that it reads like a story-book rather than a text-book .
 This book is the most effective short presentation of economics I have found . Hazlett made the lesson very clear . Contrary to some negatives in the reviews , the essential content is fully as meaningful as when it was first written . If you want an update , turn to Thomas Sowell ` sBasic Economics
 With all the bad theory and misinformation in the field of economics , Hazlitt 's book serves a much-needed purpose . It teaches basic , self-evident principles that form the foundation for logical economic thought . ` Economics in One Lesson ' should have perhaps been titled , ` Economic Policy in One Lesson ' , because Hazlitt is mainly concerned here with the effects of government policy on the market : '' ... The whole of economics can be reduced to a single lesson , and that lesson can be reduced to a single sentence
 Economics in One Lesson was written by a journalist , not an economist . That said , it offers clarity that many economists ca n't . But do n't be fooled , Hazltt was one of the few journalists who could understand economics.The book is designed to give you a basic understanding of economic thinking and logic . It is not filled with econometrics and regression analysis but with stories , thinking games , and logical puzzles.The book is simple to read and comprehend yet absolutely devastating to socialist big-government thinking . The book moves through one logical fallacy of big government thinking after another , followed by examples of how absurd their thinking really is.I recommend this as one a starter book on economic thinking right up their with Milton Friedman 's free to choose . Minimal economic knowledge is required and you do n't have to know any math . Basically ... you should already know that a tariff or a duty is a tax on imported goods . If you do n't , you should be able to figure that out based on the words usage in the text.Final word
 This book , first published in 1946 , explains common fallacies -LRB- a false or mistaken idea -RRB- that are particularly common in the field of economics and public policy . At the very start of the book Mr. Hazlitt explains : Economics is haunted by more fallacies than any other study known to man . This is no accident . The inherent difficulties of the subject would be great enough in any case , but they are multiplied a thousandfold by a factor that is insignificant in , say , physics , mathematics or medicine -- the special pleading of selfish interests . While every group has certain economic interests identical with those of all groups , every group has also , as we shall see , interests antagonistic to those of all other groups . While certain public policies would in the long run benefit everybody , other policies would benefit one group only at the expense of all other groups . The group that would benefit by such policies , having such a direct interest in them , will argue for then plausibly and persistently . It will hire the best buyable minds to devote their whole time to presenting its case . And it will finally either convince the general public that its case is sound , or so befuddle it that clear thinking on the subject becomes next to impossible.In addition to these endless pleadings of self-interest , there is a second main factor that spawns new economic fallacies every day . This is the persistent tendency of men to see only the immediate effects of a given policy , or its effects only on a special group , and to neglect to inquire what the long-run effects of that policy will be not only on that special group but on all groups . It is the fallacy of overlooking secondary consequences.At first it seems as though not much has changed since the end of World War II . What has changed , though , is the scope of the dangers Mr. Hazlitt identifies . That 's because government is much expanded and more assertive today than when this book was written . In 1946 the New Deal was not very old , and the tremendous expansion of government social programs was still in the future . We should take these lessons as even more important today.It is the overlooked consequences that cause harm . They are overlooked sometimes because they are difficult to see , as in the broken window fallacy explained by Frederic Bastiat and also in this book . They are also `` overlooked '' because , as Mr. Hazlitt tells us , one group wants special favors from the government , and although there is no way to grant these favors without harming some other group , the favor-seeking group will seek to hide , obfuscate , muddle , or minimize the bad effects . At the same time they promote the policy as good for everyone . This is largely the job that lobbyists perform , and billions are spent on it each year . That 's because a powerful government has the ability to bestow valuable favors , those favors being paid for by someone else , someone often not easily seen.An example of overlooked secondary consequences is government spending . When government spends , it means it must tax or borrow . What government spends is not available for individuals to spend . When we see magnificent public works -LRB- say a new downtown arena in Wichita -RRB- , we do n't see all the things that would have been bought had the government not taxed to build the public work . We see the jobs created by the public work -- all the construction workers that will be building the new arena -- but we do n't see the jobs destroyed because people had to reduce their spending elsewhere.Foreign trade is a case where people often fail to grasp the complete picture . We often see exports as something good for our economy , while imports are seen as bad . Imported things are things that American workers ca n't compete with , and so American jobs are lost , it is often said . But as Mr. Hazlitt says
 In one short book , the guy covers all the basic concepts of free market economics . In every chapter I felt I learned a small lesson . I think the title is true to its name . The book is relatively old , but economics is a subject where that does n't matter all that much to discuss the fundamentals . The examples provided are general rather than specific , so in that way it 's a rather timeless book . You should enjoy it a lot if you are a proponent of capitalism . If not , beware and you might hate it .
 In fact , I think most economists need to read Hazlitt 's classic too . And if they 've already read it ... they should read it again , because I think quite a few of them need to be reminded of some simple truths.I am a graduate economics student and I have trudged through extremely technical economic literature in my time . Most leading economists these days become hyperspecialized and esoteric in some paltry technical issue to the point where their work is practically useless to the average person . This is a very terrible thing . Because knowledge of economics is so crucially important to our understanding of human behavior and the world , I think it * should * be accessible to more people . For this reason , I am always on the lookout for books that help people understand economics easily . That way , we can have a much better world.I have found few books better for the beginner than _ Economics in One Lesson _ . Henry Hazlitt 's book here is very highly regarded and for good reason
 This is a book , written just after WWII , updated in 1978 and applicable to today . The explanations of cause and effect for bad economic policies is `` deja vu all over again . '' You can not have an honest discussion of Obamanomics if you have n't read this book .
 Despite having been written in the mid 20th century , this book is even more important today than when it was published . Every politician in the country should have to memorize the first chapter , as it explains the basic problems with almost every piece of legislation passed in the last 100 years .
 I 've been interested in economics for years ... I even bought a brand new economics textbook once to try to figure it out , but that was hard sledding . I discovered an ancient -LRB- printed in 1962 and it was already a classic then -RRB- - copy of this book at a by-donation book sale , so I plonked down my 50 cents and took it home . What a great book ! I 'm pleasantly surprised to see it is still in print - it deserves to be . If you are interested in economics , by all means , start right here !! Incredibly succinct and well written presentations of concepts that are much maligned and misunderstood by wanna-be socialist `` economics experts '' every day , especially up here in Canada.I would concur that there might be some counter arguments to some of this material , but EVERYONE should at least understand the basic arguments for neo-classical economics and against socialist intervention in the economy before they embrace left-wing views , and nowhere is `` right-wing '' economic theory more passionately -LRB- and humanely -RRB- presented and defended than here .
 Author Henry Hazlitt is definitely a member of the non - government interventionist society , when it comes to economics . He does n't advocate the elimination of all levels of government in the economy , only those that are undeniably counter - productive and even destructive . He definitely would not get along very well with Keynesian economists.I like the examples that Hazlitt uses in this book , because they make it very easy to understand exactly what he is talking about . This is very helpful to readers who may not have much understanding of economics.Hazlitt avoids talking about statistics and he does n't utilize graphic illustrations . I think some graphs would have been helpful , because it makes the points easy to visualize . But I think the reason that Hazlitt avoids graphs and statistics is because he wanted this book to be timeless . True , the book has undergone several revisions over the years , but the basic information and the debunking of economic myths that held true 50 years ago still hold true today.Another thing that makes this book and easy one to read is the way Hazlitt divides the book into so many short chapters . The total length of this book is only 214 pages , yet it includes 26 chapters . That makes each chapter only about 8 pages in length , on average . Some are very short , like chapter 2 -LRB- the one on the broken window -RRB- which is only 2 pages in length . Keep in mind that Hazlitt did n't intend this book to be an argumentative analysis on the pros and cons of government intervention . He only meant to show the reader exactly what happens , when government sticks its ugly head into areas where it does n't belong , and how these actions are detrimental to the overall economy over time . They might seem helpful in the short run , but they are destructive in the long run.If there is one lesson that Hazlitt tries to drive home in this book , it 's the tendency of people to be short - sighted when they evaluate the ramifications of government involvement in the economy ; and the almost universal tendency to only see one side of the issue . For example , with tariffs , we are all fooled by politicians into supporting them because we think about the jobs that will be saved . We do n't even think about the higher prices that will result from the tariff , which must be borne by the people who purchase the product . We do n't think about the jobs that will be lost by other industries that would have received our extra money , had we not been forced to pay the higher price that the tariff resulted in . We see the trees , but not the forest.Overall , this is a good book to read by anyone who would like to see these common economic myths proven wrong . Do n't be misled by the book 's title . This is not a basic economic theory book . It 's a book about the negative effects of government intervention in the economy , and it does an effective job in exposing these myths .
 Wonderful explanation of economics . Read this well written book and you 'll be very well informed . Dismisses many fallacies that have been commonly accepted . A real eye opener .
 I teach Principles of Microeconomics , and I always use this book for extra credit . Students who hate reading long , boring , stuffy text books always like Hazlitt , and give him high reviews every single semester . The very readable chapters are short -LRB- about 3-6 pages in most cases -RRB- , and told in story form to make Hazlitt 's point . This makes it possible for even freshmen with notoriously short attention spans to read the day 's chapter.Hazlitt 's `` one lesson '' is simple , and told in Chapter 1 . The rest of the chapters are all stories in which the lesson plays a prominent role . In short , Hazlitt does n't merely tell us the lesson , he actually shows us the lesson -- over and over and over , until we 've got it.With stories on tariffs , minimum wage , rent controls , taxes . unions , wages , profits , savings , credit , unemployment , and so much more , Hazlitt takes some of the most difficult economic concepts and makes these easily accessible to the lay person who has no economic training , background , or even inclination.It 's one thing for me to recommend this book . It 's quite another for my students to recommend it semester after semester . I can imagine no higher praise .
 I should have studied economics . Hazlitt 's book is remarkably readable , coherent , and logical . It just confirms that truth is usually understandable , whereas complicated obfuscation is usually the major alarm bell that tips you off when people are trying to shaft you . This guy really knows his stuff.The one lesson is so simple that it takes about five minutes to read the chapter about it . The rest of the book lists various scenarios in which that lesson applies . The general principle of the lesson applies so naturally to various specific cases that it simplifies economics immensely . Hazlitt must have studied logic as well as economics.The one lesson is simply this
 The average American knows very little about economics or monetary theory . That 's why they tend to believe whatever they see and hear on their televisions . By reading this short book , you 'll gain a basic understanding of economics , and an explanation of the many myths that are taken as truths.In the final chapter of this book , Hazlitt revists his work 30 years later -LRB- he was writing in 1978 , and the book came out originally in 1946 -RRB- . He surmises that during that period , nothing was learned . If anything , he says , subjects related in the book -LRB- wage rates , price controls , government `` make work '' -RRB- have become more political . I wonder what Hazlitt would say now.You need to read this book in order to appreciate the real consequences of actions your government wants to take . The theme emphasized over and over in the book is that actions must be thought through to see what the long term effects will be , not just the highly visible short term ones .
 I read this book as a college grad fairly ignorant of economic matters . It completely changed my world view . Perhaps that sounds hyperbolic , but the common-sense lessons about human thought and action in this small , easily digestible book have materialized in virtually every aspect of my life , from the obvious , such as my views on political policy , to the obscure , such as my relationships and my satisfaction with my own choices . Hazlitt is never heavy-handed ; he comes over as extremely objective because he does n't need to convince anyone of his views . He is confident that anyone who takes the time to read , consider , and understand true economics would be hard-pressed to reject the logical conclusions he offers.The book essentially springs from the premise that economic fallacy results from considering the effects of a policy or action only on a specific group or over a short period of time . From this he goes on to explain how such fallacies have invaded every single sphere of public policy . While before I vaguely opposed the idea of public works projects , tariffs , and welfare , I had no reasoning to back up my thoughts so I rarely expressed them . Hazlitt 's book , instead of arming me with political doublespeak , provided me with the solid theory to truly understand why things that seem hard to argue against -- kickbacks for hardworking but suffering farmers , for example -- are really counter productive . I recommend this book for people who hail from any economic class or political party ; it wo n't offend you , and will do nothing but make you more informed and better equipped to understand the world around you .
 And make them read it . Less a primer in economics than a concise debunking of crank positions on economic issues , this book can clear the air -LRB- and the mind -RRB- quickly after some interested sophist plumps for a discredited idea . Hazlitt 's parable of the broken window , meant to show how what dose n't happen as a result of human action is at least as important as what does , is the best introduction to economic theory for the average reader since Adam Smith . The visible results that people see as a result of government intervention in the market must be weighed against what did not come to pass because of the reallocation of resources -LRB- i.e. , your hard-earned money -RRB- that such action necesitates . This book is timeless , in that it is not tied to concrete examples drawn from the headlines of 1946 , and is also remarkably free of venom , passion , or spite , which too often mar polemical works on economics - and serve to camouflage bad reasoning . This book can be a basic education in itself , or the beginning of deeper study , in the works of Von Mises , Von Hayek , Schumpeter , or of Hazlett himself . Unlike his opposition -LRB- Keynes , et al -RRB- , Hazlitt is actually readable . - Lloyd A. Conway
 The authors who understand the subject really well are able to explain it in simple and easy to understand language . This is what I feel that this book is all about . The author explains the economy in one lesson
 Want to know more about economics -- and economic policy -- but do n't want deal with math and complicated graphs ? Then this is the book for you.Almost all of the most important things you need to know about economics can be explained in plain language , in just a few pages , and that 's exactly what Hazlitt does here.The fact that the book is over 50 years old should n't scare anyone away . The issues addressed by Hazlitt are the same ones in the news today . Were the September 11 attacks actually good for the economy because they created new jobs for cleanup crews and builders ? Will President Bush 's decision to protect American steelmakers from cheap foreign steel be good for the economy ? Should Congress raise the minimum wage to help poor people ? Should Alan Greenspan lower interest rates to get us out of the recession ? _ Economics In One Lesson _ will give you the tools to analyze all of these questions and much more .
 This book in no way should be read by any ` progressive ' who wishes to remain one ! If you read with any openmindedness at all , you will be moved inexorably toward an appreciation of the ability of the free market to improve the lives of people in any society that values and practices it . Your faith in government to solve economic problems will be shattered as you begin to see how non-market ` solutions ' , no matter how well intended , exacerabate these problems in the real world.Written over 60 years ago , Hazlitt 's work is remarkably prescient and applicable today . Along with very relatable examples , I found his reasoning to be clear , concise , and sound . It is very readable and understandable for non-economists . Seems the economic fallicies that people mistakenly believe today are essentially the same ones from 1946 , or 1846 , or 1746 ... or for that matter ... from 46 . Just slap a new coat of paint on 'em and your ready to fool a whole new generation of victims . In this respect , Hazlitt makes a great paint stripper .
 This is an excellent book that is easy to follow and understand . The one lesson is very simple
 I am glad I read this . It has taught me that if the free market thinkers of today were to have their way -LRB- that of absolutely no government intervention or regulation of the markets or trade -RRB- , the US would turn into one giant sweat shop over night . I 've had discussions with these types of people who will argue till their face turns blue about how Wal-Mart has actually INCREASED Americans ' living standards!Think if there was no minimum wage and no social security or medicare/medicaid . It would be a disaster ! 1/2 the population 's income would be cut in half , PLUS they 'd have to take care of their elderly AND buy their medications ! What on earth would they have left to live off of?Even John Keynes said , `` Capitalism is the astounding belief that the most wickedest of men will do the most wickedest of things for the greatest good of everyone . '' Personally , I would replace `` astounding '' with `` ridiculous '' . This book seems also to be a bible of types to international capitalists such as Peter Schiff . These people have no allegiances to any country . Peter Schiff , for all the honesty and sincerity he exudes , is playing a big part in the capital flight from the US that will prove to play a huge part in our eventual demise . They 're bailing out on us ! They 're jumping ship , these excessively wealthy international capitalists . They 're jumping on the next boat - China . And they 're leaving us here to drown . I would say `` shame on them '' ... but that does n't quite cut it.This is an important read . But read it critically .
 This was a pretty good book . I started at the beginning and kept turning the pages until I got all the way to the end . That was when I finished it . I am so proud of myself !
 DISCLAIMER
 Hazlitt lays out the case for a freely operating marketplace quite nicely . His arguments are sound and the US could use a good dose and return to true free market economic principles like those of Hazlitt .
 Very informative . Hazlitt sets the record straight on the many economics fallacies that have pervaded mainstream thinking . I would recommend it to anyone interested in the topic .
 Mr. Hazlitt has done an amazing job of removing the mystery surrounding economics . Do n't let his straightforward style of writing mislead you ; his analysis is impeccable , and this book continues to be relevant today , though originally published in 1946 . This is a timeless work that is desperately needed , especially in this current hour as our elected leadership wrestles with a tough economy .
 This is the best book on economics that has ever been written . I sums up an otherwise dull subject and educates the reader on the fundamentals of economics . I loved it !!!
 ... I have ever read.Excellent read for the layperson . Most relevant to our current economic crisis in America . Every politician should be required to read this book . In fact , every classroom teacher should read it , as well . Explains the mess our government has created and why its continued destructive policies are leading our country to assured economic collapse . Policies based entirely on fallacies !!
 Hazlitt sets out the lesson of his title in chapter one , and in the rest of the book illustrates it with examples from many different areas of the economy . Along the way he argues that attempts by the State to direct the economy are almost always harmful . As the title suggests , no economic knowledge is assumed of the reader .
 This is a terrific book that I highly recommend.Do yourself a favor and give it a read . You wo n't be sorry .
 This book was written several decades ago but the principles of economics still ring very true even in todays world ! Definite must read !
 Well written , concise book . This is a good book for those who want to know about how economics works , particularly college students of economics .
 Took a Macro class and wanted some basic background info . This book is a must read . If you have n't , purchase it .
 Hazlitt has a gift for clarity . His arguments simply can not be misunderstood . With nearly unassailable logic he explains the subtle economic implications of many government policies in terms the simplest novice can follow . This is an awesome book for any reader.This book was not at all what I expected when I ordered it . I expected a textbook like approach to all the classic concepts of economics -LRB- supply/demand curves , law of diminishing returns , effects of shortages/gluts on prices , etc. -RRB- Instead , Hazlitt simply states that true economics involves tracing both the seen and unseen consequences of each action or policy . This is primarily a book about government policy in economics , but it scope reaches to every choice we make with regard to the economic well-being of our nation.I had many ` Ah ha ! ' moments while reading this book . I felt I had a fairly good grasp on many economic prinicples after reading Skousen 's ` The Making of Modern Economics ' , but Hazlitt has a way of crystalizing thoughts that are still fuzzy . One thing that comes through consistently is how money confuses and distracts people from a true understanding of wealth . Money is not wealth . True physical wealth lies in the products -LRB- goods and services -RRB- you have or can afford to buy . The wealth of a nation lies in the aggregate products it produces . If you want economic prosperity , increase production . Not senseless production , but production of things people actually want . When all is said and done , money is just the `` medium of exchange '' . Ultimately , all products are paid for by other products.Despite my high regard for this book , at times it dragged . Many topics are similar , and it seemed at times repetitive to go over the same ground again.I wish every American -LRB- especially politicians and aspiring politicians -RRB- would read this book .
 Excellent book . I have nothing new to say that the previous reviewers have not said - just wanted to cast my vote for a 5-Star piece ! I have read numerous books on economics and political philosophy - this is among the best . A high school student could read it and learn . Worth the money , worth the time it takes to read -LRB- very easy reading . -RRB- Keep it in your bathroom instead of Reader 's Digest and read a chapter every day .
 This is an edited version of a review that I 'd previously removed . People did n't feel the first version was helpful , a fact which I suspect to be due to two possibilities , depending upon the individuals involved . For one thing , it was very long . For another , although it praised Halzitt on many points , it was not an obeisant psalm that accepted without question every single thing he asserted -LRB- this was the problem for one highly emotional commentator -RRB- . So out of sensitivity to the preciousness of readers ' time , I offer a shorter version . I am , however , still a skeptic and agnostic when it comes to economic schools of thought , so if you worship at the alter of Smith -LRB- or even Marx , Keynes , or indeed , any of the august minds that have turned their hand to this soft science -RRB- , I 'm afraid this review will not be for you.Economics In One Lesson -LRB- written in 1946 , re-published with some updating in 1978 -RRB- was intended as a layman 's introduction to free-market arguments against the continuation of New Deal policies in the postwar era . Halzitt writes beautifully , always respecting the intelligence of the reader . He neither inundates with professional jargon nor clutters up the pages with tons of tables and graphs . He explains and illustrates thoroughly yet not exhaustively . The result is a highly approachable work that has remained popular for decades.Hazlitt 's arguments are cogent and it is easy to find plenty of merit in them . However , they are often strongest where they are obsolete . His descriptions of how credit works are downright touching in their quaintness -LRB- think
 This is the easiest book that the average person can use to grasp economics , and in particular , the economics of all groups of people over an extended time period - ie
 Henry Hazlitt 's book starts with a single lesson-that economics means looking beyond the immediate effects of any act or policy to the consequences of it for everyone . The rest of the book is a series of short chapters giving examples of the application of this lesson.Hazlitt 's lesson in itself is great . I wish it were better known . His examples vary in quality . Some are a bit dated ; natural for a book which mostly dates to 1946 . The chapter on rent control is as relevant today as ever . The discussion of the cost of war and other types of destructive activities punctures a misconception that is still common . In his discussion of unemployment , however , he fails to mention immigration and population growth as part of the cause.The section on tariffs is good as far as it goes . The problem with his analysis is that transportation today is in effect heavily subsidized . Oil companies and the like do n't have to pay for the air pollution and climate change caused by their products , or for roads , or for the armies protecting the oil flow . Subsidized transportation costs make nonsense of the idea that local and imported goods are really on the same footing . Free trade with countries having non-existent environmental laws simply sets up a race to the bottom , with responsible companies heading for bankruptcy and irresponsible companies destroying the economic foundations of their own countries.Hazlitt swallows whole the idea that growth in GNP is always good and can continue indefinitely . Given that GNP does n't include the costs of pollution , resource depletion , the effects of population growth , or quality of life , this is very questionable . Hazlitt needs to apply his own `` one lesson '' here.Hazlitt states in his first sentence that economics is haunted by more fallacies than any other study known to man . I tend to agree . Hazlitt points out some of them and does it in a very readable way . Hazlitt fails with some of the other fallacies . Read the book , but read it with a grain of salt .
 Of the positive reveiews , they seem to be amazed that someone can define economics . It 's not really rocket science , and , in an age of plenty , it 's not really about scarcity . It 's about individuals making choices to maximize value . They may be bad choices , uniformed choices or perverse choices , but they have , in the final analysis , impact limited to the individual . And in most cases result in some level of increased individual satisfaction.The real danger , according to Hazlitt , is when the choices of a few people , with same kinds of fallacies noted above , are coercive , enforced by government or monopolies . Which leads us to to the negative reviews.The negatives , if we can be allowed to throw out the obvious loser rants , seem to be concerned mainly with rapacious corporations , free trade among inequal countries and natural monopolies . While these are certainly provide distortions of individual choice and informed consent , they do in the long run tend to be self correcting -- see government-sanctioned coal and oil monopolies . The real interest is in how to minimize the effects of these diseconomies.Hazlitt would argue that they are self-correcting via the collective effect of individual choices . The Marxists would argue that action based upon the sceeding of individual choice to a collective power is the solution . Surely , if we can assume there is no absolute , theoretical winner in this debate , we can look to the real world , based upon the actions of multiple forms of government and millions of individuals to provide some guidance on which path leads to the most for the most.To that end , I would challenge you to read Hazlitt 's book and a Marxist equivalent like Ivan Ilich 's `` Tools for Conviviality '' and then , accepting both as plausibly complete and material , match them against your experience of recent history and your hopes for your personal future .
 This is a great read for those interested in knowing the fallacies of our economic system . It will shed some light on how government involvement on certain subjects will impact the economy negatively . What 's scary is the same issues happening around the time this book was written are still happening today . I highly recommend this book .
 This book is useful for teaching lower division undergraduate students the principles of microeconomics.It can be used as a supplementary book.Hazlitt emphasizes the important concept of opportunity cost , but neglects to incorporate any discussion of spillover effects and externalities -LRB- positive and negative , depletable and undepletable -RRB- , market failure , public goods , the theory of second best , adverse selection , moral hazard , the principal-agent problem , etc.It is interesting that all these missing topics were originally covered by Adam Smith in The Wealth of Nations -LRB- 1776 -RRB- , especially in Part V.
 This book is exceptionally easy to read . It outlines the basic case for free markets in a way that makes sense to anyone . You do n't need to possess a PhD in mathematics to follow Hazlitt 's explanations . He explains things using such simple logic that it 's almost impossible to disagree with him.Furthermore , once you 've read this book , you 'll start seeing the flaws with the conventional wisdom of modern political economic discourse . This book exposes the logical fallacies and misconceptions that form the basis for all the mistakes being made by central economic planners . Even though Hazlitt originally wrote this book in 1946 , he might as well have been describing the market today.The world would be a better place if everyone read this book .
 This is a great book for readers both with and without a background in economics . It 's an easy-to-read primer on the issues if you do n't have a background ; if you do have some background , the author will get you thinking about some of the issues more thoroughly or remind you to think from a different direction.First , the `` one lesson '' is presented . Essentially , the lesson is that in economics you need to look just not at the immediate effects of an economic policy on a targeted group , but also at the long-term effects and the impact on all groups . Seems simple and obvious , but is n't always practiced.The book consists of about 25 chapters , each covering a different policy issue such as public works , public savings , price fixing and rent control . It then discusses each policy 's immediate and future impacts and stretches your thinking to groups other than just the target of the policy . This is the magic of the book
 This is a simple , but amazingly profound , mind blowing introduction to some basic economic principles . The principles outlined here are quite simple , and yet it seems so many people today can not grasp these basic truths.Granted this book is a bit dated , but most of it is still useful and much of it seems as if it were written today.I sincerely wish more politicians and voters today would read this book , it would go a long way toward restoring some knowledge of basic economics and some common sense to the decisions that get made on the political sphere.There are many economics books that are so dense that I would take no delight in reading nor would I feel comfortable recommending to someone who is not already an economics wonk . However , with this title , I have no such reservations . I can wholeheartedly recommend this to anyone . I guarantee it will be enlightening in at least one or two areas !
 Broken into a series of highly understandable chapters written in clear English covering different economic fallacies , Economics in One Lesson explains the big picture of government interventions . By discussing what would have occurred in the absence of these interventions , as well as the true total costs , Hazlitt makes arguments we rarely hear elsewhere these days.Bad economic policy matters . Realities can not be ignored or papered over with more bad policy . We can not spend ourselves out of debt . We can not pile up massive debts to be passed on to future generations . This book explains why.If high level policy makers in Congress and the Executive read this book , they could stop being clueless literally overnight . As we are poised for a 21st century version of `` The New Deal , '' this book is more timely than ever . Read it . Share it . Buy copies for friends and family !
 This book has only one lesson to teach
 This is concise , essential perspective for the current financial season , and enduring perspective on economic principles that will always be timely .
 I have read at least 5 of the newer intro to economics books around and this classic is still the best . It is just barely 200 + pages with big easy to read letters , in one weekend this book can transform you from average ignorant american to inspired concerned citizen . The chapter on inflation was worth the price of the book by itself . I have noticed how the reviews for this book have increased dramatically over the last 6 months . It is happening , something wonderfull is about to happen ...
 The best economics book I 've ever read and , as a business writer , I 've read a lot of 'em . Eye opening . It will challenge all your assumptions about rent control , tarrifs , government programs , the `` stimulate benefits '' of war , hurricanes , earthquakes . I guarantee if you read this book with an open mind , Hazlitt will change the way you look at the world . Should be required reading in every highschool or college Econ . 1 class . And , a bonus , Hazlitt is a clear , concise writer . Best of all there 's not a chart or an equation in the whole darn book
 Why are things so expensive ? Understand effects of the government 's role in setting fiscal policy on your daily life . Wanton printing of fiat currency leads to hyperinflation . See
 The authors who understand the subject really well are able to explain it in simple and easy to understand language . This is what I feel that this book is all about . The author explains the economy in one lesson
 This is probably the best volume that an economics neophyte could read . Hazlitt explains how economies work first by exposing the glaring flaws in all the most common economic instruments meddling governments employ -LRB- industry-propping subsidies , rent control , protective tariffs , etc. -RRB- , and then by systematically illustrating how healthy economic organs should function -- and he does it all with cool , clear , completely un-tortured logic . Of course , there is , as you 've probably figured out , an obvious free market bias to this book ... but that 's because a free market economy is the only right economy ! Not to say that you should n't seek understanding of other systems , if only to become more well-acquainted with economic fallacies .
 With the current -LRB- 6/2009 -RRB- economic crisis well underway , this book reads like it was just written . The fact that it was written 60 + years ago is a surprise . There is nothing out of the ordinary about this crisis . Politicians today say the same things that politicians said for at least the last 100 years.I have read the chapter ` The Mirage of Inflation ' many times , worth the price of the book .
 This is one of two books that should be required reading for all high school students . This in civics class ... if there is still such a thing ... , so youth will know how the world works . It is , of course , the classic economics text . It was written in 1946 . Nothing , and I mean nothing , as changed .
 Just an amazing book showing how almost every policy enacted by government to help the public actually hurts much more than it helps . Hazlitt takes on every fallacy head-on , and derails every myth that has been fed to us by the Keynesians . I really wish this was mandatory reading for every Macroeconomics class , before students start learning about keynesian Macroeconomics , just so that they are ready to point out every fallacy and short-sighted policy the teacher claims is helping the economy . Hazlitt tackles everything from price fixing , to unions , to wage controls , to subsidies , tariffs , and quotas , to rent controls , to inflation.Hazlitt expands on Frederic Bastiat 's concept of `` that which is seen , and that which is unseen '' and applies it to every sort of economic situation . It is a very easy read , and you do not need to know anything about economics to read this book . It is a great starting point for any student of economics to get a good start to the school of rational thought , The Austrian school .
 This book has been around for many years but is timeless.A must for the 21st century in America.It is a very easy read and is a must for those believing in the `` free enterprise '' system.It should be `` required reading '' in every High School in America .
 Written in 1946 , this best explains the insanity of trying to spend your way out of debt . You can not pay off a debt by borrowing money . The U. S. Treasury 's printing presses are already out of ink ! Hoot if you please but it is called socialism .
 This is one of the most insightful looks at the market that I have come across . The author lays out in simple language the common fallacies of those attempting to `` fix/repair/bailout '' the economy . His primary lesson is that one should look at the effects of a proposed policy on the whole populace , and in the long-term , rather than simply looking at the immediate effects on a given group . Also , the last few pages provide an excellent reading list to further your understanding of economics.I plan to regularly read this to keep my mind fine-tuned to the critical examination of new policies .
 This book has a nice way of explaining some basic economic facts in a way that any reasonably intelligent person can understand even if they have n't had a course in economics . This is critical if these people are going to have input into the political process that ultimately determines economic outcomes . Too often otherwise intelligent people are making choices that defy basic economic truths . This book clarifies these issues and does so in an entertaining way . It 's also short-and-sweet and easy-to-read !
 This is an excellent introduction to Economics . Hazlitt was a clear writer , and his analysis of fallacious economic thought is very informative . You do n't have to be a student of Economics - this is a book that can benefit every reader . I just wish more of our politicians had read this book .
 In reading this brief book one will become more learned in economics than the leaders of our country . One will discover that America has not yet caught up with Adam Smith and his principles of free trade . Hazlitt is a much better writer than Friedrich A. Hayek . He writes about taxes , rent control , machines , wages , and many other things .
 Probably the best economics book ever written for the non-economist , and that means most politicians and media people ... who desperately need this type of knowledge
 This book is a very broad overview of Economics . The principles are well laid out and easy to understand . Hazlitt ensures that not only are the short-term consequences taken into consideration , but also the long-term consequences of a particular policy .
 This book is a wonderful illustration of the simple -LRB- so simple they go unnoticed -RRB- principles of a market economy and the many fallacies of adding socialism to the mix.I could have easily given this 4.5 stars , but I did n't have the option . The only thing that kept me from giving it 5 was that Hazlitt partially caves in about halfway through the book on the topic of unions . Unions are tantamount to coersion and have no place in a market economy .
 This is an edited version of a review that I 'd previously removed . People did n't feel the first version was helpful , a fact which I suspect to be due to two possibilities , depending upon the individuals involved . For one thing , it was very long . For another , although it praised Halzitt on many points , it was not an obeisant psalm that accepted without question every single thing he asserted -LRB- this was the problem for one highly emotional commentator -RRB- . So out of sensitivity to the preciousness of readers ' time , I offer a shorter version . I am , however , still a skeptic and agnostic when it comes to economic schools of thought , so if you worship at the alter of Smith -LRB- or even Marx , Keynes , or indeed , any of the august minds that have turned their hand to this soft science -RRB- , I 'm afraid this review will not be for you.Economics In One Lesson -LRB- written in 1946 , re-published with some updating in 1978 -RRB- was intended as a layman 's introduction to free-market arguments against the continuation of New Deal policies in the postwar era . Halzitt writes beautifully , always respecting the intelligence of the reader . He neither inundates with professional jargon nor clutters up the pages with tons of tables and graphs . He explains and illustrates thoroughly yet not exhaustively . The result is a highly approachable work that has remained popular for decades.Hazlitt 's arguments are cogent and it is easy to find plenty of merit in them . However , they are often strongest where they are obsolete . His descriptions of how credit works are downright touching in their quaintness -LRB- think
 I think beyond the fact that Hazlitt produces a succinct and well-argued explanation for why free markets are the best arrangements in economic relationships , what is really wonderful is reading the screeds of those readers that he pisses off ! Read the rabid ranting temper tantrum of the one reader who amazingly was accepted to the University of Chicago and you can see how ideas that actually support free thought and productive profitable endeavors drive lunatics like this crazy - its awesome !! This dork probably marches against the WTO .
 This book in no way should be read by any ` progressive ' who wishes to remain one ! If you read with any openmindedness at all , you will be moved inexorably toward an appreciation of the ability of the free market to improve the lives of people in any society that values and practices it . Your faith in government to solve economic problems will be shattered as you begin to see how non-market ` solutions ' , no matter how well intended , exacerabate these problems in the real world.Written over 60 years ago , Hazlitt 's work is remarkably prescient and applicable today . Along with very relatable examples , I found his reasoning to be clear , concise , and sound . It is very readable and understandable for non-economists . Seems the economic fallicies that people mistakenly believe today are essentially the same ones from 1946 , or 1846 , or 1746 ... or for that matter ... from 46 . Just slap a new coat of paint on 'em and your ready to fool a whole new generation of victims . In this respect , Hazlitt makes a great paint stripper .
 Economics in One Lesson elucidates the basic principles of Economics in a simple , understandable language . If you are just starting out on economics , I would recommend this as your first book . College Textbooks will bore you and treatise like Human Action by L.W. Mises are pretty hard for a beginner.Also , be sure to give this book to your children . Schools do n't teach economics , a most important of subjects.With that said , I would like to comment on many 1 star reviews . Notice how they do n't comment on the content of the book . Economics is a Science , and it is better to put away your Political Glasses when studying it .
 Hazlitt is one of the prominent voices in the Austrian flavor of Economics . This version of Economics has recently come to the mainstream in light of the economic hardships and out of control spending from the federal government . This book is dated but contains a lot of relevant information . I was surprised to see just how big of a concern inflation and deficit spending was in the 40s to these very intelligent and honest economists.What will you find inside ? Well the bottom line is everything you do , no matter how noble , affects someone else in the world of economics . If the government steps in to help one group of people it is hurting another group of people , usually resulting in a net harm . This is because anytime you artificially stimulate , subsidize or promote one behavior over another you are promoting inefficiency or protecting the least profitable option . This raises prices on goods and decreases real wages . The only way to create wealth and grow the economy is to produce more of a product with the same or less effort . This will in the long run make everyones cost of living lower and bring more prosperity to the country . A great example he used was the hypothetical situation where the government continued to subsidize the horse and buggy industry despite the innovation of the automobile . Sure jobs were lost when cars started replacing horse drawn carriages but eventually more jobs were created and the country was a whole lot better off . He also dispels the myth of saving too much money and discusses why it 's necessary to save and what your savings accomplishes.Other discussions include real world examples of why labor unions are harmful to the economy , why it 's bad to raise minimum wage , evils of price fixing , the problem with subsidizing , rent stabilization and who it hurts , inequities and harm of tariffs , and much much more . I deduct a star from the book because it got a little repetitive after awhile . A lot of the arguments are repeated and there is a definite recurring theme in every problem he poses . This is not to detract from it 's validity , and each problem does propose a unique flavor of this principle . A lot of these things I knew were intuitively wrong but the examples he gives makes you nod your head and puts your gut thought into words . This book was a refreshingly easy read and very insightful .
 Let me start by saying this book is excellent . It covers many of the fallacies that plague our current government and society . My kids , who are too young now to read and understand , will be required to read this before they leave home . Check out mises.org for audio lectures covering most of these topics . Austrian economics a.k.a. free-market economics is easy to understand if you take the time to educate yourself . This was my first economics book and wo n't be my last !
 What C.S. Lewis 's `` Mere Christianity '' is to Christendom this book is to the world of economics . Why does the Post Office lose billions each year when FedEx and UPS make billions ? Why does AmTrak always lose money when every other railroad in America make money ? Why do government bailouts always end up failing ? Read this book and you 'll know the answers.It 's not boring nor pedantic and you 'll really come to an understanding of the folly and fecklessness of government intervention into the free market . A must read .
 Henry Hazlitt has done a great service by writing this book . After reading it , one wonders why economics was ever called the dismal science . It 's clear , concise , easy to read , easy to follow . It also makes clear that there are freedom-based economics that are appropriate to a free country like America , and others , like Marxism , that have no place here .
 This book is not a thorough , complicated review of every aspect of economics . This is a book that explains the fundamentals in easy prose and understandable terms . It wo n't make you an economist nor will you prepare you for an economics ' exam ... but it will increase your general knowledge of economics and some of the fundamentals behind the everyday terms you hear . You will really understand the theory behind the jargon . I liked it and thought it was easy to read and understandable . It 's relatively short and is good for beginners as well as the more advanced readers in the this area.From the outset , we are explained in this book that the two important issues that make economics less than an exact science -LRB- physics , etc. -RRB- is the influence of interest groups and balancing the short term needs vs. the long term needs of individuals and the society - very basic and yet so true .
 `` Economics is a science of tracing consequences '' , depicts Henry Hazlitt 's idea on the economy . Hazlitt claims that today 's economists forget the most frequent fallacy committed by professionals , the fallacy of short-term effects on specific groups rather than society as a whole . Hazlitt utilizes multiple examples of past economic policies that have failed , and what initially brought those policies to closure . After thoroughly reading Economics In One Lesson , my thoughts on the economy have transformed from little knowledge of the subject to a complete understanding of past economic failures.The premises on production , inflation , and wages carry true statements , but seem outdated . Statistics and numbers used for basic economic explanations are recorded prior to 1980 . For economic interest the premises remain true , but need updating for today 's economist.Hazlitt illustrates excellent reasoning to the fallacy of short-term effects on specified groups through many simple ideas . The first reason describes means of production and societies resistance to work for low wages . For companies to produce , workers are needed as producers . If company A 's output increases , workers wages increase . If company A has an increase in production consequently company B suffers . Company B 's output decreases , and the workers receive no wage increase . Society will only see the benefits of company A , not the monetary losses by Company B. Secondly , prices , profits , and costs to society . Hazlitt relates prices to the law of supply and demand . When consumers demand more of a product that is available from a certain business , people will buy more of the product . Both the price and profits will increase for the business . If the demand is met , the supply increases production meaning consumers increase their buying from that particular company . If consumers only buy from that particular company , other related businesses lose the profits for their product . Hazlitt 's arguments remain deductively valid throughout the explanations of the prior fallacy.Economics commits multiple fallacies if not carefully followed through with each policy and system . Hazlitt outlines many fallacies with the main point representing the fallacy of short term effects on one particular group rather than the long term effects on all groups , or the fallacy of over looking secondary consequences . Hazlitt briefly describes other fallacies , such as , the broken window fallacy and overlooking the general consequences fallacy . Although Hazlitt depicts several fallacies , I failed to see where he committed fallacies of his own.Economics can be broken down into many parts and Hazlitt thoroughly describes each piece of those parts . Hazlitt 's points are made exceptionally clear and to the point . Hazlitt 's ideas are simple for the unclear mind but involve a considerable amount of thinking for today 's economist . As stated before , economists often fail to realize secondary consequences to their actions.The economic fallacy claims are fairly consistent throughout the book . The central fallacy of overlooking secondary consequences constitutes a major portion of the book . Hazlitt uses several illustrations to back up his claims of the failure to see secondary consequences and the impact they had on economic policies . Almost every economic policy commits a fallacy , and Hazlitt easily describes the fallacies and failures to the readers.The arguments that Hazlitt conveys provide a complete understanding for economic fallacies and the impact they have on policies today . All evidence that Hazlitt uses on economic fallacies relates policy failures to overlooking secondary consequences . If today 's economist only see the benefit of company A or product 1 rather than the suffering of company B or profit losses of product 2 , economic policies will continue to fail . Hazlitt brings all aspects of the fallacy of overlooking secondary consequences into account for the purposes of this book . Hazlitt 's arguments seem fair and support all views of economic progressions and failures in the mid 1900 's . The presentation of both sides creates equal representation for all readers . The opposing views carry strong arguments , but do not change the weight of the writer 's outlook . Hazlitt 's opinion illustrates the truth of economics , and the impact of policy failures on society.The key points of Hazlitt 's book touch on several different economic stabilizers . Hazlitt begins with a strong introduction about the fallacy of overlooking general and secondary consequences . It is made clear that many professionals commit this fallacy over and over again . If economists and other professionals thoroughly verify the benefits and losses by the whole group rather than the benefits or impacts on one group , policies enacted will continue to work and increase profits , production , and costs in the economy today . Other fallacies are used to demonstrate the power of overlooking secondary consequences . The broken window fallacy , illustrates the benefits and losses within three parties . If a window is broken in Company A , but the owner wanted a product from Company B , the owner 's situation becomes complicated . Now A has to buy a window from Company C instead of the needed product from B. Company A loses money to C , which should have supported B. Company C benefits , but Company B suffers . Hazlitt uses great ideas to support all of his arguments , and can be easily understood by all readers .
 `` Economic In One Lesson '' is a great way to learn the basic principles of Economics . This book covers every thing you need to know about Economics in a simple , clear , and short matter . Henry Hazlitt explains about 26 common economic fallalies from the broken window fallicies to the assault on saving.Being a collage student that is taking basic economics this has been a great tool for an introduction to the subject . Henry Hazlitt touch on every main point that my teacher goes in detail in class.Economics in One Lesson is great book for college students that are enetering into the Economic world . keep in mind that you need to read this book with an open mind and know that things always change .
 Having poor public schooling on economics , I decided to pick this book up . This is the perfect starter book for anyone wanting to learn about economics . Relatively short book , just goes through major topics each chapter . Short and to the point.After this book , I would recommend `` Naked Economics '' by Charles Wheelan . I started off reading Milton Friedman and Thomas Sowell , and in comparison , this is a much easier read . I think I might have started backwards . =-RRB- . A must read for beginners .
 What do you mean , you have n't read it ? Read this straight away . Do you want to understand economics in a way that is not weighed down with jargon and figures ? This book is a simple explanation of the most fundamental issues in economics . In case you do n't know , the author is one of the giants of austrian school economics . He has the gift of concise explanation and knows how to make a book about economic theory , fun to read . This book is great .
 The subtitle of the book says it all . This is definitely `` the shortest and surest way to understand basic economics '' . The author takes a unique approach by introducing all the main concepts through `` exposition '' . As he says '' ... its effort is to show that many of the ideas which now pass for brilliant innovations and advances are in fact mere revivals of ancient errors , and a further proof of the dictum that those who are ignorant of the past are condemned to repeat it . '' The main premise of the book is that
 Economics in One Lesson is another great `` must read '' book . Like Bastiat 's `` The Law , '' it is short and sweet . At the same time , it clearly explains the basic fundamentals of economics.Considering the stupid and abusive actions that are rampant in Congress , state legislatures , county commissions and city councils , the overwhelming majority of these so-called ` leaders ' are utterly ignorant.Don ' t you be one of them.Buy and read Economics in One Lesson.Then call up your politicians and give them an earful .
 This books sheds light on our contemporary issue of big government whose spending has drained our economy . I 'm glad that there is such an economics textbook that expresses a fresh perspective , Austrian economics .
 This should be must reading in our schools . The essentials of economics are clearly explained , and it forms a good basis for understanding ever-changing public policies.This book is about 50 years old and has been translated into languages as diverse as Spanish and French to Japanese and Chinese . This speaks for itself . Despite its age , it is still a wonderfully popular book , informing millions around the world .
 Typically , we think about economic issues from only one side of the debate . Lost from our awareness are the economic and social consequences that affect the other side of the any economic equation . `` Should the minimum wage be increased ? '' , is one such example . We argue and debate this question only in terms of those who earn the minimum wage but we fail to look at the pressure exerted on those who must pay this wage and the affect it has on society in general . The book explores the principles of economic questions by looking at the whole equation of A+B = C from a non-partisan perspective . It examines the reality that when a dollar is spent on product `` A '' , it follows that all other options for spending that same dollar are now gone . This book is an introduction to critical thinking . I highly recommend it for anyone who votes in that it dispels that false notion made by politicians that throwing money at a problem makes the problem go away.Written in the 1950s , it reads as though I was written with current 2011 issues in mind . This book should be mandatory reading for all high school students in America .
 This book is timeless . Although first published in the 1940s , this book perfectly describes the economic fallacies that are still being employed to this day . You would think that Hazlitt was writing about our current politicians and current government spending practices .
 Especially during these times of huge government deficits , job-creation talks , balanced budget amendment proposals and debt ceiling debates , the need to listen discerningly to the terms that are constantly throw around by economic pundits , how they are defined and re-defined helps tremendously.In Henry Hazlitt 's Economics in One Lesson the author brilliantly lays out the fallacies -LRB- errors in logical thinking -RRB- involved in the public discussion and application of economics . He address topics such as : Short term vs. long term view of economic principle and policiesDo public works truly stimulate the economy?How much taxation is too much?Does all automation destroy jobs in the long term?Does full employment always mean full production?Who 's `` protected '' by tariffs?Saving the X Industry -LRB- Bailout anyone ? -RRB- How does government price fixing work?Minimum wage laws and what they really doDo unions really raise wages?What is the function of profits ? What truly causes Inflation ? What does it truly mean to save and create wealth?Do any of these topics sound interesting or applicable to what you 're hearing in today 's political talk in the media ? Get this . Hazlitt wrote this in 1946 ! The principles he lays out and the fallacies he exposes could have been written about current events today ! This , to me , gives weight to his school of thought . If his economic worldview could be applied to virtually every day and age , it bolsters its credibility . Instead of fly-by-night knee jerk reactionary policies , Haziltt , a member of the Austrian school of economics , gives common sense explanations to what most of the political world would prefer to keep as complicated as possible . I highly recommend this book , especially if you 've never jumped into the topic of economics before . Or , if you 're like me , do n't remember squat from high school .
 I was looking for a book on economics that would be quick and easy to read but was well thought out and detailed , and this book nailed it . It explains economics in easy to understand language but is detailed as well . I highly recommend this as a step into the world of economics .
 Henry Hazlitt 's `` Economics in One Lesson '' -LRB- has this little book ever been out of print ? -RRB- is possibly the best simple , short , single volume you can find on the massive subject of economics . It will provide the uneducated with the kind of to-the-point knowledge and foundational understanding that will be of immense help in understanding more esoteric works.An additional book that helps in rounding out a beginning education in classical economics is Frederick Bastiat 's , `` Economic Sophisms . '' I believe you can purchase a publication somewhere that has an introduction by Hazlitt , symmetry in action do n't ya think ?
 What a great book ! I recommend this book to anyone wishing to learn reality based economics . The book 's arguments for free-markets are simple , powerful and irrefutable . You do not need a PhD in economics to understand this book and armed with it you could straighten many a PhD out . This book is equally valuable for a teenager just starting in economics or someone well read in the subject.Hell , I might buy it again .
 I purchased the 1979 edition of Hazlitt 's book as a MBA candidate at Pepperdine University . My professor , the erudite and sharp minded Dr. George Reisman , wanted to instill in his students the fundamental principle of liberty and how government attempted to disrupt and eradicate that liberty at every opportunity . Intervention was its means and totalitarianism was its method.Hazlitt is no exception when it comes to upholding liberty . His book attests to the vitality of his work . The book 's rankings on Amazon demonstrates how oppressed people seek for answers to fend off the oppressors and their interventionists policies through a corrupt government . He begins the work at the place Ken Starr did in a lecture I attended in which he reviewed his prosecutorial experience with former President Clinton
 Get to know some basic but essential knowledge about economics . It expresses the economic idea clear and it 's easy to understand even for a person who does not know much about economics .
 Be advised
 Sure , a few of the specific examples cited 60 + years ago are no longer relevant today , but the basic lessons are absolutely and permanently valid and need more than ever to be understood by at least a majority of the voting public.The sad fact is that Americans can go through the entire public school system and `` higher education '' without learning the first thing about economic science -LRB- while getting bombarded with self-serving economic propaganda -RRB- . Thus public gullibility to the fallacies cited by Hazlitt seems no less pervasive now than back then , while the resultant cancerous growth of government economic meddling has only increased.Here 's a revolutionary fantasy
 For all who avoided economics like the plague , this is the book for you.very informative , and gives the novice a good foundation of the subject ... Check it out . . next time you argue economics with uncle Fred , you wont sound like such a dope
 This book is extremely good . Its prose is extraordinarily lucid , its arguments are clear and irrefutable , and its organization and development are superb.I have only two complaints . First
 Although written many years ago , this book is as relevent as if it were written yesterday . Written less like a textbook , and more like a collection of essays , this book provides the reader with much common sense economic education . It is written from the point of view of a fiscal conservative , but it in no way bent toward the Republican Party . If anything , it is Liberterian in nature , and just is packed full of solid reason . It 's an easy , enjoyable read , and should be a `` must read '' for anyone looking for a basic primer in some essentials of economics .
 As an ignorant 20-year-old jarhead in 1961 I discovered this book in the base PX -- for 50 cents . It was my introduction to critical thinking and it gripped me from page one . The pellucid logic of Hazlitt 's demonstration of Frederic Bastiat 's `` broken window '' fallacy as the key to understanding the core principles of economics challenged everything I thought I knew -LRB- as son of a socialist -RRB- . I initially resisted his free market conclusions but eventually decided he was right . The ideas he encapsulated so eloquently kept burning in the back of my mind , and I began to understood that freedom was more than just a catalyst of prosperity . I found myself motivated to get a high school diploma and eventually a college degree . -LRB- Thanks for the push , Henry ! -RRB- One might expect the power of such ideas to have a more lasting impact , and for a while it did . The Soviet Union flopped and tyrannies around the world began to fall . Free market ideas made a dramatic comeback in America and it seemed we 'd outgrown the need for books like Economics in One Lesson.But here we are in 21st Century riding the political pendulum back toward the Orwellian left
 Of all the books I 've read regarding economics and policy , this was by far the easiest to read . It was hard to put down . No abstract formulas or theory , just straight forward cause and effect , simple deductive reasoning . Originally written in 1946 , updated in ` 62 & ` 79 , the economic policy areas discussed are timeless , i.e. , relevant today . Mr. Hazlitt discusses not only the immediate visible effects of implemented legislation and policy , but also the unintended consequences to the community at large , the not so visible effects.I would recommend this book for everyone , from the casual observer to the economic scholar , and -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- should be required reading for all politicians and policy makers .
 This is perhaps the best book to introduce the layman to the field of economics ... This book was a Godsend for me ... I stumbled on it in my early college days when I was taking two semesters of Economics and neck-deep in a Keynesian textbook of Fabian socialist fallacies and liberal lies . Hazlitt 's book opened my eyes to an insightful intellectual library that supports free-markets and individual liberty . Economics in One Lesson enlightened me , while it helped develop my economic reasoning . It helped me confirm what common sense told me all along - that a laissez-faire free market is the way to go!While I already had a libertarian bent , this book basically introduced me to the Austrian School of Thought on Economics . The `` Austrians '' vindicate the market economy 's spontaneous order as the surest way to have optimal prosperity , opportunity , and individual liberty for the masses . The verbal logic and reasoning of the Austrian school is generally easy to understand and makes sense to the reader . Needless , to say my interest in the laissez-faire perspective grew - and I read and amassed a library of hundreds of interrelated books on various disciplines from economics to history to political theory . I also recommend any books by other `` Austrian '' luminaries such as Ludwig von Mises , F.A. Hayek , and Murray Rothbard . Hidden Order by David Friedman and Capitalism by Ayn Rand are also worth mentioning .
 For the intelligent layperson this is probably the best first exposure to economics one could try . Easy to read , and relatively short for an economics book , one could run through this book in a weekend and still retain the most important ideas . This book is a great non-formulaic introduction to free market economics ... highly recommend .
 Economics in One Lesson is the best introduction to economics ever written . Henry Hazlitt had a great talent of taking a complicated issue such as economics and simplifying it for the uninitiated reader . Henry Hazlitt proves in a logical way how war does n't create prosperity , that tariffs make us collectively poorer , that exports must be paid by imports , why minimum wage laws cause unemployment , and why price fixing never works . In the chapter `` The Broken Window '' , the author also explains the importance in economics of seeing not only the immediate and seen effects of a given policy , but also seeing the larger and unseen effects of a given policy . In summary , this book is highly recommend for anyone who is interested in learning the basics of laissez-faire economics .
 Over 40 years ago , Mr. Hazlitt wrote : `` Government guaranteed home mortgages , especially when a negligible down-payment or no down payment whatever is required , inevitably mean more bad loans than otherwise . They force the general taxpayer to subsidize bad risks and to defray the losses . They encourage people to ` buy ' houses they can not really afford . They tend eventually to bring about an oversupply of houses as compared with other things . They temporarily overstimulate building , raise the cost of building for everybody -LRB- including the buyers of the homes with the guaranteed mortgages -RRB- , and may mislead the building industry into an eventually costly overexpansion . In brief , in the long run they do not increase overall national production but encourage malinvestment . `` If this was the only sentence in this book our current so-called economists had read , understood and applied when Fannie and Freddie came waddling down the pike , we would n't be in the mess we 're in today . You 'll find more of the same ` unobjective ' , observation-based thinking throughout this little gem of a book - so please read it if you 're at all interested in saving yourself and this country from the approaching disaster . I especially recommend the chapter `` The Mirage of Inflation '' , because brother , it 's coming soon to devastate an economy near you , and we need the help of honest intellectuals like Mr. Hazlitt to help us understand and oppose `` the hidden tax '' - before it 's too late .
 I ca n't add much to the other reviews , except to express a desire that people who want to talk about economics on public forums should at least have read this book , or Sowell 's `` Basic Economics . '' Just that one little desire!Then we would not have ill-informed citizens and voters declaring that `` the economy is all about jobs and full employment . '' That 's actually wrong . The economy is all about producing goods and services that other people want . You can get to `` full employment '' with a Nazi slave society , folks , or with a public make-works project that accomplishes nothing.Then we would not have ill-informed citizens and voters declaring that the government must subsidize General Motors . Or Citibank . Or anybody else!I can summarize this book 's one lesson quite briefly
 If you can hang on -LRB- it is a little dry -RRB- , you will be happy you did . I mentioned prophetic , but it is not really that . It is `` prophetic '' in that it merely states time honored truths that were the same in 1946 -LRB- the 1st ed -RRB- as they are now.He felt little hope in the economists and politicians of his day then -LRB- when they actually had brains and guts -RRB- . In the 1978 edition , he really touches upon how economists have not only not learned , but also taken their foolishness to new levels . I fear he would be truly disheartened to see where our non-representing `` representatives '' and the economic hacks have really taken us.One wonders if he would now ask that the fat lady sing .
 This is a great start to learning Austrian economics , or rather , any kind of economics . All members of Congress should be required to read this before being allowed to vote on any bills . Peter Schiff 's `` Crashproof '' would be a great followup to reading Economics in One Lesson . And for the more serious student of Austrian economics , especially in these times , you should read von Mises Theory of Money and Credit , and Rothbard 's The Great Depression .
 I first heard about this book on `` Pro Business With Dr. Mike Beitler , '' an internet-radio show about free-market capitalism . Hazlitt does not write like an ivory-tower academic ; his work is easy to understand and a pleasure to read.Read this along with Beitler 's `` Rational Individualism '' bookRational Individualism
 Always think twice . Never jump to hasty conclusions without considering ALL the effects of an act or decision . That 's the essence of Economics
 `` Economics In One Lesson '' by Henry Hazlitt is a book with an appropriate title . Within the first chapter , Hazlitt reveals the fundamental fallacy committed in the study of economics , the common mistake of seeing only the direct consequences of a proposed course , rather than considering the longer and indirect consequences of an action . This is the one and only lesson presented by Hazlitt in this book . Throughout the remaining chapters , Hazlitt applies this lesson to various economic situations such as minimum wage laws , international tariffs , government subsidies , war economies , government spending , inflation , labor unions , and government price-fixing . Hazlitt presents specific examples of these various situations in which he applies the `` one lesson '' . This book has been written in such a way that is free from technicalities while remaining accurate so that it can be easily read and understood by a reader with no previous knowledge of basic economic principles . Hazlitt 's claims remain logically consistent throughout each major issue discussed in the book . Hazlitt expresses his points clearly and precisely while providing sound , deductive arguments to support his claims.In this book , Hazlitt discusses the most central issues of economics and explains them in such a way that can be easily understood by a reader with no previous knowledge of basic economic principles . This book is very well written and very easy to read . `` Economics In One Lesson '' is a book that I would recommend to everyone , from the professional Economist to someone who just wants to be introduced to the fundamental principles of economics .
 I 've read this one before , but was recently reminded that I wanted to read it again . The first time I read it , I 'd checked out the original -LRB- written in 1946 -RRB- from the library . This time , I purchased the revised -LRB- in 1978 -RRB- edition , which includes MUCH more.As the auspicious title indicates , Hazlett -- a philosopher , economist , and journalist -- has broken economics down into one simple lesson . In fact , he further breaks it down into one sentence
 Well , I read it and got a lot out of it , but , if you take a look at the negative reviews you 'll see that it 's `` misleading '' , or `` right-wing propaganda '' , or a `` libertarian manifesto '' . It seems to get a lot of people in a tizzy . Any book that gets so many `` smart '' people to become unhinged is bound to be a good read . What 's all the fuss about ? Read it and decide for yourself .
 I am fascinated by economic theory , even if , when reading economists , I often feel like a little kid `` walking '' a very big , fast-moving dog . I 'm just hangin ' on for dear life ! Not so with Hazlitt
 Add this book to the short list of essential reading for the average person seeking a self-education in basic economics . The genius of the book is that the author is able to explain complex economic concepts in a way that is easily obtainable to the average person . This is genius because so many economics writers use jargon and academic-speak in ways that confuse more than inform . The basic principle the author tries to teach is that one must consider all the potential effects , short-term and long-term , among all groups rather than merely the short-term effects on one special group . Highly recommended for all , especially those looking for a good start in basic economics .
 I wish every American would read this highly informative book that lays out economics in way anyone can understand . It 's actually pretty simple -LRB- or should be -RRB- and the government has complicated it in order to benefit certain groups .
 As a student and teacher of economics , this book has proved to be an invaluable resource ! The lesson is simple and direct , yet one that many people fail to apply . This should be required reqding for anyone involved in the development of economic policy -LRB- or any other arm of policy making , for that matter -RRB- . Whether you agree with Hazlitt 's conclusions about how the market works or not , you can not dispute the key lesson of this book . It is entertaining to read , particularly easy for a book about economics . I highly recommend it !
 Timeless , that is what this book shows you and gives examples of each senario that we have heard about throughout our life , and truly explains the full effect of government intervention . First of all this book was orginally written in the 40 's after the war , and then again in the early 70 's . But it is as timeless today as it was when it was written . One of the greatest features about this book as the authors approach , is that he gives the most basic example , and then builds on it throughout the book , giving it a readable quality to an incredibly wage range and age of readers . They can merely read to their example level of understanding , and if they do n't go anyfarther than they will still understand more about basic economics that the majority of adults . For adults , I find that he put it in just clear examples of everything we have heard our whole lifes and explained the true ramifications of the policies ... without a doubt each a failure . Love it and giving it to my twin high school graduates before heading off to that evil liberal world of college . Just so they will have a little understanding of the other side and be able to back it up ... if the need so arose . Wish it was required reading , before being able to vote .
 This book presents the basics , the interactions between demand and offer . It 's a very short book -LRB- 200 < pages -RRB- and is the author has a VERY liberal approach to economy . If you want to read about the other side of the coin go for `` Predictably irrational '' and you 'll contrast the views and theories on this book very easily . This one is worth every penny .
 Should have been a nationwide elementary school textbook for the past 60 years.Upon reading this book , and knowing your fellow Americans will have , one could n'timagine the losses of freedom that we are experiencing now . An absolute must read .
 You are basically only going to read this book if you are required to in school or have some interest in learning the basics of Austrian economics . I fall into the later one.I picked this book up a few years ago to gain a basic understanding of Austrian economics . In this aspect the book is perfect . This is the first economics book I read outside of a college text book . It delivers some stories and helps you understand how one economic policy affects the lives of everyday people . I found the book to be easily readable . It is not as complicated as I thought a economics book had to be , nothing like a college economic 's text book.The book generally helps you understand how a economic policy is meant to help one group of people will affect another . The book urges the reader to think more clearly about these policies by looking at the unseen problems it will create for other groups of people . The first chapter outline 's this perfectly.I did go into reading this book with a already set Libertarian political view on most issues and wanted to better understand Austrian economics . You will understand it more after reading this book .
 Henry Hazlitt was not only a gifted economist . He wrote in a no-nonsense style , demolishing seemingly persuasive , highly complex or even tortured arguments in favour of suboptimal economic policies . Much as Copernicus placed the sun , rather than the earth , at the centre of the solar system , thereby greatly simplifying astronomical calculation and eventually enabling Kepler and Newton to explain planetary motion and gravity in simple , eloquent equations , so Hazlitt masterfully simplifies the world of economics , in both theory and practice . Each chapter of Economics in One Lesson is a tour-de-force critique of one or more misguided economic policies . In his own time , using his powerful economic insight , he was able to predict a broad range of future economic developments , including the dollar devaluation and stagflation of the 1970s , the devastating impact of rent control on urban housing , the counterproductive effects of trade barriers and the distorting aspects of many forms of regulation , taxation and government subsidies . Armed with the common sense knowledge explained cogently in this volume , non-economist readers will find they can make much better sense of economic developments and see far easier through politicians ' and policy makers ' frequently deceptive arguments and false promises . Economics in One Lesson is more than just an outstanding book , it is probably the best introductory book on economics ever written.John Butler , author of The Golden Revolution
 This is not a new book ; perhaps that 's why it is so useful.There is no gobblygook , no arcane economic theories with fancy lables.What there are in this book are many examples of - - if the government takes this action to make this or that happen , the unintended consequences have proven to be and will probably be again something quite different , and usually not positive.Sound experiential economics in my view , clearly written ; and a tremendous help to understanding what will probably happen if the nation takes on more debt , subsidizes this or that interest , taxes one interest at the expense of another , etc. I liked it ; I could read and understand it .
 Ignorance drives the public discussion on economics in the press , on TV , in homes and coffee shops and , because of this ignorance , confusion results . Our elected representatives , backed by powerful entities , exploit this confusion for their own advantage . This book , written in 1962 by Henry Hazlitt , educates the reader with sound , time-tested economic truths . It refutes those arguments put forth by special interests whose objective is merely to advance their own financial advantage over their competition , not to advance the truth about economic activity . `` Economics in One Lesson '' is written to the common man , it is not technical and dry as are academic style texts that are written on this subject . Hazlitt distills a complex subject into basic principles which anyone who manages a household 's expenses can understand . I recommend this book as a `` must read '' for everyone who votes . A vote cast for a politician who promises economic prosperity based on a FLAWED understanding of `` cause and effect '' , is a wasted vote and produces disappointing results for us all .
 Very easy to read , simple arguments that destroy many fallacies in current political rhetoric . I learned a lot from this book without feeling like I had to muddle through it . I benefitted from taking micro and macro before reading , but it 's not necessary , and anyone interested in learning about how special interests kill the consumer and taxpayer because their well-being is easier to measure and is effected more immediately -LRB- aka every modern economic issue -RRB- has an obligation to read this book .
 Why was I not taught this in school . An excellent book whose lessons still hold true today . I highly recommend it .
 This is a great buy for anyone trying to make sense of today 's economic issues . Mr. Hazlitt cuts through the political rhetoric to help normal citizens -LRB- such as myself -RRB- understand these issues . In the book he talks a great deal about taking a full view of how economic policies can effect not just the industry they are regulating , but the broader effect on the whole economy .
 Economics in One Lesson is essentially an introduction into the Austrian school of Economic thought . Hazlitt 's now renowned treatise originally written in 1946 is lauded by Libertarian stalwarts Ron Paul , Peter Schiff and Lew Rockwell among others . While some of the examples provided in the text may be dated the book is as relevant today as it was when first written . Hazlitt , from a 1940 's perspective , takes on many of today 's most controversial issues such as government spending , taxes , minimum wage , balance of trade , unions and inflation . In an era of big government , many of Hazlitt 's economic lessons come as a breath of fresh air . I highly recommend Economics in One Lesson for those interested in learning about the Austrian School of economics and basic free market priciples .
 ok so we 've all heard this left winged argument , `` if something is bad for society such as cigarettes , high prices , fattening food etc , then why does n't the government just pass a law against it ? `` Hazlitt 's book explodes this childish line of thought by separating the goal from the result . An idea or political initiative can have a great stated goal such as `` lets pass a law against cigarettes when illegal no one or at least far fewer people will smoke , we will all be healthier , health care cost will go down etc '' this sounds like a great idea but Hazlitt introduces to the equation the problem of unintended consequences . Sure the government can make cigarettes illegal but there are the unintended consequences to this , when ever there is a good people want there will be someone to provide it , much like with illegal drugs today the providers will be violent street gangs , and drug cartels . Street gangs could smuggle tobacco in from other countries or grow it here in America much like what they do now with drugs , the result will be giving them something else they can monopolize the sale of , gives them even more power and money , creates even more violence on the streets , more innocent youths get shot and killed in street gang tobacco selling turf wars etc. I do not recall seeing the particular example of cigarettes in the book but I just decided to brief on a relevant topic today to illustrate the idea of Hazlitt 's book.Hazlitt goes through many examples of popular goody goody government initiatives that appear all well and do on the outside but have many honorific unintended consequences.This book will enable you to look at proposed legislation with a completely different set of eyes , seeing through the rhetoric of the stated goal and to the nitty gritty of the likely resultsThis book along with Irwin Schiff 's `` the biggest con '' are two of my must haves for anyone pursing self education in free market economics .5 stars
 Important read ! Truly a Godsent regarding an understanding of economics and government . I found it to be appropriate for age 1 and above .
 This book is a very good read for anyone that wants to learn how economics work in the real world . It talks wages , unions , price fixing and any other thing that the government has done to manipulate the conditions of an economy . This book though written a while ago and updated still paints a picture of our current issues and problems and how they got the way they did.The only thing I did not like about the book was that there were some grammatical errors that were annoying .
 If you listen to the news and our government officials you would think that economics require some high level PHD to understand . After reading this book it all got a lot simpler . Economics are not rocket science ; they just make it out to look that way so we don &#8217; t ask questions . Read this book and open your eyes .
 Teacher no longer at school - no review to share with you - sorryI do know that books came in great condition and in time frame promised .
 This book is a classic for a reason . The information is as relevant today as when it was written . I highly recommend this book .
 This book is just excellent . A wonderful , thorough overview and a great lesson on many economic aspects that are commonly accepted . It beats down many fallacies and gives the best case for free-market/Austrian economics yet .
 This book is chock full of common sense . I highly recommend it for a broad understanding of the way our economy ought to be working instead of the way it is and has been run by all the self-centered politicians during the past 100 years or so .
 This book rules . I love the author and the simple lessons its teaches . I bought this book brand new for my collection , and everyone should have it !!!
 This is the first book I 've ever read on economics , and I 'm happy I started with this one . I feel like this is a book I could read several times , and learn something new every time . Without a doubt , I will revisit it sometime in the future .
 The book is about economics , but is not a primer or introduction to economics.The `` One Lesson '' is stated in Part One of the book
 I 've toyed with the idea of buying this book for some time . My minor as a PhD student was economics , so I have all the quant-heavy micro , macro , and econometrics . Comparative statics , production functions and all that fun stuff -LRB- Chiang , Varian , Judge , Theil , etc. , etc. -RRB- . I thought this book might be really trivial , but it 's not . This book has absolutely none of the quantitative stuff , but it is very heavy on reasoning through economic relationships and effects.This book takes a theme from Frederic Bastiat -LRB- that which is seen and that which is unseen -RRB- and develops and illustrates it . Basically , Hazlett goes through economic policy arguments and illustrates not only the seen -LRB- favorable -RRB- effects , but lays out all of the `` unseen '' negative effects . Based solely on an understanding of supply and demand , the fact that resources are scarce , and that people will act to maximize their own welfare , Hazlitt shows how horribly misguided and counterproductive many economic policies are . Although originally written back in 1946 -LRB- with lots of references to New Deal programs -RRB- it is just as relevant to todays economic policy proposals and arguments.I really ca n't recommend this book highly enough . It 's fun and refreshing for people with an academic background in economics , and at the same time extremely accessible for those who do n't . I 'm going to see if I can get a bulk deal on a couple of cases to pass out to my students for free.Another reviewer criticized it as partisan or as a `` libertarian manifesto '' . No reviewer has actually mentioned an ERROR in it ; some people simply do n't like the conclusions it draws . The problem is that it 's awfully difficult to refute the conclusions.Hazlitt was apparently a real gentleman , and although other reviewers may try to politicize the book its tone has n't a hint of partisanship .
 The book Economics In One Lesson is about economic policies , and how these policies should take into account the effect they will have on everyone involved , not just one group . It also discusses and illustrates how economics should be focused on long term effects , rather than ignoring or overlooking the long term and only focusing on the short term . The author states that the most common fallacy in economics is to concentrate on the short-run effects of policies on special groups and to ignore or belittle the long-run effects on the community as a whole . Throughout the book , the chapters give lessons and examples that bring this one overriding lesson into focus . The author sums up economics in a single sentence
 This classic test is clear , convincing , and sorely in need of re-reading in the era of `` economic stimulus bills ''
 I never had an economics class in high school , though I know that in other schools it is an elective , if not mandatory . This was an extra credit reading option for the college economics class I took , and I am so glad I bought it ! It is written in easy-to-read language , and it explains how the world works in economic terms so simply and to the point that I have been having a lot of `` wow , why did n't I realize this before ? '' moments . I realize now the importance of learning basic economics as they apply at home and abroad and I am now of the opinion that every high school and college should REQUIRE at least one semester in basic economics , if not an entire year . So many dumb mistakes are made in the world today purely because the people making them -LRB- I suspect -RRB- have either forgotten their economics or never took a class . However , since I am not in a position to mandate economics classes across America -LRB- let alone the world -RRB- , for now I will urge you to buy this book and read it very , Very , VERY carefully !
 In these times of massive government budget deficits -LRB- $ 1.6 TRILLION deficit on $ 3.8 TRILLION spending for fiscal 2011 alone -RRB- , when even a few billion dollars of cuts in spending are called `` extreme '' or `` draconian '' by those policy makers in Washington whose power base is firmly entrenched in the special interest groups committed to keep those government spending dollars flowing , this book is more of a must read than ever before . A deep understanding of economics can be had by reading this book and it will not require an understanding of calculus , or an analysis of complicated mathematical proofs . As the author says , `` When we study the effects of various proposals , not merely on special groups in the short run , but on all groups in the long run , the conclusions we arrive at usually correspond with those of unsophisticated common sense . `` Economics in One Lesson was written after the `` new '' theories of economics espoused after the Great Depression , largely by John Maynard Keynes in his book The General Theory of Employment , Interest , and Money in 1936 . Keynes theorized that the cause of the Great Depression was a lack of adequate consumer spending , and that the corrective government policy is for the government to simply make up for that lack in consumer spending by increasing government spending . Economics in One Lesson clearly points out the fallacies of such thinking.A summary of the `` one lesson '' is encapsulated in this quote from the book : `` Many things that seem to be true when we concentrate on a single economic group are seen to be illusions when the interests of everyone ... are considered . To see the problem as a whole , and not in fragments
 I read this book expecting to be bored . The author surprised me by putting everything in easy to understand language and common sense examples . Considering this book was written in 1946 and updated the last time in 1976 it reads like it was written for today . I thoroughly enjoyed it and learned a lot . The Austrian School of economics is the only form of economics that makes sense . This book will help you make sense of it .
 I read this book in college -LRB- some 50 years ago -RRB- , and it 's basic precepts have stuck with me all those years , and have helped me reduce complex issues to fundamental truths . You wo n't find details of the complexities of all of today 's problems , but it will help you better understand them and give you a strong starting point from which to approach them , and to brush aside all the political BS that surrounds them . Politicians and economists-all of them-like to surround their public positions with their own idealogy . This book will help sort out the core issues . You might still agree with the ideology , but at least you will know it when you depart from the basics .
 If everyone simply read and understood this book , we 'd be so much better off . Hazlitt explains economics in a way that anyone can understand , and I honestly have no idea what the 1-star reviewers are thinking . Hazlitt demolished Keynesianism inThe Failure of the New Economics , so read that if you want to know why this book does n't follow Keynes ' teachings .
 Hazlitt wrote that `` the whole of economics can be reduced to a single lesson , and that lesson can be reduced to a single sentence . The art of economics consists in looking not merely at the immediate but at the longer effects of any act or policy ; it consists in tracing the consequences of that policy not merely for one group but for all groups . Nine-tenths of the economic fallacies that are working such dreadful harm in the world today are the result of ignoring this lesson . Those fallacies all stem from one of two central fallacies , or both
 I read this book as a college grad fairly ignorant of economic matters . It completely changed my world view . Perhaps that sounds hyperbolic , but the common-sense lessons about human thought and action in this small , easily digestible book have materialized in virtually every aspect of my life , from the obvious , such as my views on political policy , to the obscure , such as my relationships and my satisfaction with my own choices . Hazlitt is never heavy-handed ; he come over as extremely objective because he does n't need to convince anyone of his views . He is confident that anyone who takes the time to read , consider , and understand true economics would be hard-pressed to reject the logical conclusions he offers.The book essentially springs from the premise that economic fallacy results from considering the effects of a policy or action only on a specific group or over a short period of time . From this he goes on to explain how such fallacies have invaded every single sphere of public policy . While before I vaguely opposed the idea of public works projects , tariffs , and welfare , I had no reasoning to back up my thoughts so I rarely expressed them . Hazlitt 's book , instead of arming me with political doublespeak , provided me with the solid theory to truly understand why things that seem hard to argue against are really counter productive . I recommend this book for people who hail from any economic class or political party ; it wo n't offend you , and will do nothing but make you more informed and better equipped to understand the world around you.Comment Comment | Permalink | Why no voting buttons ? We do n't let custom
 Before I give my own review , I 'd like to respond to just two posts -- `` incredibly misleading '' -- This reviewer said Hazlitt contradicts himself by arguing that an inefficient and unneeded industry should go out of business to free resources for more productive and needed ones , but at the same time lamenting the collapse of an industry due to minimum wage laws . However , an industry that goes out of business because the market no longer demands it is not `` unemployment . '' The reviewer 's quote from the book about `` releasing resources '' explains itself -- employment will simply be shifted to more efficient and needed industries . On the other hand , minimum wage laws increase the cost of labor for employers , reducing the number of other workers they can hire , creating true unemployment . `` libertarian polemic '' -- Aside from the fallacy of argument by political labeling , this reviewer makes a point worthy of consideration -- markets are n't always rational . This is true , and we see plenty of irrational behavior , particularly in the short run . However , it has been shown time and again that the market behaves largely rationally over the long run , which is the time period that counts . Producers which truly provide demanded value are rewarded . The tech sector is a good example -- all these computers , software and communications infrastructure streamlines operations in all industries , and the nerds are handsomely rewarded for it . If markets were primarily irrational , we would not have the propserity we have today . Irrationality is the exception , not the rule.So my review . I 'm an undergrad at an institution with a highly regarded economics program , and though my major is n't economics , I took some classes in that department to help fulfill my humanistic `` artsy '' requirement -- though at my school , economics instruction is heavily calculus-based . While many of the arguments in Hazlitt 's book jibe with the results of the math I learned -LRB- most significantly that a price floor , like a minimum wage , creates a shortage -RRB- , I only learned what everything meant conceptually , in plain English , by reading the book . Hazlitt also does a great job explaining the connection between the effect of artificial price and quantity controls on individual consumers/producers and the behavior of the economy as a whole -- something altogether lacking in the untenable but popular separation of macro from microeconomics . In fact , Hazlitt pointed out that consumers are really producers , that demand and supply are two sides of the same coin , something that my teachers never bothered to illuminate in class . You produce what you need in exchange for what you consume . You export what you produce so that you may import what you consume . In the end , as Hazlitt himself notes , it 's all common sense.Overall , this book is a really great supplement to an economics education , and I recommend it highly to fellow students .
 Economics can be a rather intimidating area of study , but this is partly because many of us have not been educated to look too far beyond immediate effects of our actions . Hazlitt repeatedly illustrates , in clear and understandable language , why economic agendas which focus on beneficiaries only soon cause more harm than good . Here Hazlitt discusses an array of topics from tariffs , minimum wage , `` full employment , '' the effects of machinery on employment , government price fixing , rent control , and others . `` Economics in One Lesson '' has been revised over many years and was originally written over 50 years ago , but amazingly , the very topics he discusses can be found regularly on the nightly news , in newspapers , or discussed among politicians . Hazlitt believes that although economists are largly in agreement with what the government and unions should and should not do , he feels that we 've learned very little . Fortunately , Hazlitt has left us a concise book that explains how we can really benefit society in a sound economic way . Recommended !
 Economics in One Lesson is a clear and concise explanation of opportunity cost and price incentives . This book is extremely useful as a supplemental text . The reason why is that most modern economics textbooks pass over opportunity cost too quickly . The basic idea of opportunity cost is easy , but students need to see how the opportunity cost concept applies universally.One way to learn opportunity cost is to read Cost and Choice , by JM Buchanan . Cost and Choice is a great little book , but it does not work well for an intro class . Bastiat wrote some classic essays on opportunity cost , but his work could be seen as a little dated . Of course , opportunity cost is itself timeless , but Bastiat aimed at explaining the general applicability of opportunity cost reasoning to a nineteenth century audience.Economics in One Lesson is a modern restatement of Bastiat 's essays . Hazlitt writes to counter mid twentieth century Keynesian fallacies . This is an important aim . All to many of us believe that disasters like 9-11 and Katrina created jobs . Too many of us fail to see that the labor and capital that goes into reconstruction has forgone alternative uses . Too many of us believe that capital itself causes unemployment by replacing labor . Labor saved by capital has alternative uses . Even some economists can benefit from reading this book -LRB- if they have an open mind -RRB- because too few of us see how government spending and credit expansion can displace and distort private sector spending . This is not to say that the free markets never have any slack or are perfect , but the Old Keynesian belief that activist fiscal and monetary policy can permanently increase real GDP is not well founded . Any New Keynesian will tell you that Hazlitt was right about the Old Keynesian economic program.Hazlitt also does fine explaining the basics of price incentives and price and wage controls . Many people will object to what Hazlitt writes about wage and price controls on ideological grounds , but his reasoning is sound . Even pro-minimum wage economists like David Card and Alan Kreuger admit that large increases minimum wage rates must cause increased unemployment . This is a basic lesson of economic theory.The critics of this book generally do not know what they are talking about . Sure Hazlitt does not discuss externalities or asymmetric information , but EIOL is not a comprehensive text , it 's a primer on opportunity cost and price/wage controls . Keynesian critics will find fault in its discussions of unemployment , but the fact of the matter is that virtually all economists now reject the Keynesian paradigm that Hazlitt attacked in 1946 , including contemporary self described Keynesians . Hazlitt is second only to Bastiat in explaining the general applicability of opportunity cost reasoning in an entertaining fashion , and his book is more up to date . All first year economics students should read Economics in One Lesson .
 This short book by Henry Hazlitt is a must read for those who are curious about capitalism but do n't want to spend too much time and effort reading something more elaborate to begin with . I read it all in about six-hours . For the very impatient , I would suggest they start with the second last chapter to get the big picture , and then read it from the start for explanation , examples and detail.For further reading and study , I would recommend
 This is a marvelous , easy-to-read , and alarming short book . As I read through the consequences of all the tinkering government has done to our `` mixed '' economy , I grew increasingly alarmed at governmental intervention in every domain of our lives , both private and economic . As Hazlitt demonstrates in chapter after chapter , too little attention is paid to the long-term consequences of economic and political decisions . Over and over again , special interests get their way over the common good . When government steals from the taxpayer to reward special interests , the consequences are more like dominos than a straight win-lose transaction . It 's time we all took long-term consequences into consideration before more damage is done.Take for example the `` energy '' bill that , as I write , passed Congress . With more than $ 10B in `` financial incentives , '' `` tax breaks , '' and `` direct subsidies '' to oil producers , all this measure does is -LRB- 1 -RRB- further increase our dependence on oil , -LRB- 2 -RRB- continue our reliance on foreign imports , and -LRB- 3 -RRB- further delay the time when alternative fuels are used to replace polluting gases into the environment . What 's temporarily good for the oil companies is not good for the rest of us over the long haul . So , this `` energy bill '' will take $ 10B out of taxpayers ' pockets and line the oil companies pockets so that the cost of gasoline will go down . Does this make sense ? We pay either way , obviously.Take another example
 If you 're just starting to study economics and want an introduction to the subject that will not bore or scare you away , you can do no better than to begin with Hazlitt 's ECONOMICS IN ONE LESSON.The book keeps to one general theme which is explained clearly at the outset -LRB- in chapter one -RRB- and thereafter touches briefly on topics ranging from minimum wage requirements to rent control laws . Each subject , however horrifying they may sound to a first-time reader , is dealt with in such a way that it becomes wholly intelligable.Take , for example , Hazlitt 's introduction to the field of minimum wage laws
 THIS SHOULD BE MANDATORY READING FOR MIDDLE SCHOOL STUDENTS STUDYING THE WW2 ERA and others who have never been exposed to economics but are interested . I highly encourage parents and teachers to add it to their childrens ' curriculums.That said , this book is not perfect . Rather than `` Economics in One Lesson '' , it is more like `` A Series of Economic Fallacies Debunked . '' Hazlitt does not lay out the basic principles of economics , which could be done in about 5 lessons
 Economics in One Lesson by Henry Hazlitt simply MUST be read by anyone who wants to understand a very basic economic principle . What is the one lesson that rules them all ? It is this
 Hazlitt 's Economics in One Lesson is an excellent primer in Austrian school economics . The material is sound enough to serve as an introductory college-level text , while the writing , logic , and language is accessible enough that one need not be a student of economics to find the lessons useful . Hazlitt begins by exposing basic fallacies of taxes , wealth , and government programs and continues by exploring more specific programs such as farm subsidies and tariffs . Hazlitt 's thesis is that by focusing only on the short-term effects a particular economic policy has for a certain group one ignores the long-lasting and multi-factorial effects that policy has on any number of unseen groups who are not directly involved in the policy . Beginning with the classic broken window fallacy Hazlitt explains in basic terms how the true effect of some economic programs is to transfer production from more efficient economic sectors to the less efficient , thereby weakening the economy as a whole . Hazlitt 's writing is effective and confident without being denigrating to those whom he argues against . Although Hazlitt mentions throughout the text that his purpose was not to bloat the book with charts and statistics , when he employs these sorts of facts to support his arguments his presentation becomes that much the stronger and easier to understand ; so , one could wish that he had chosen to use them more often . His logic does not suffer for their absence , though , and Economics in One Lesson remains an excellent , quick read for anyone seeking a greater understanding of basic economic principles .
 ECONOMICS IN ONE LESSON may be the best short introduction to economic thought . Henry Hazlitt begins with an example discussed by Frederic Bastiat - the ` broken window fallacy ' - from Bastiat 's essay ` On What Is Seen And What Is Not Seen ' . Bastiat 's point , and Hazlitt 's , is that much common thinking focuses on visible , short-term results and ignores invisible , longer-term consequences - because the latter often consist of things that did * not * happen.Hazlitt explains this insight and applies it brilliantly to many specific economic issues -LRB- inflation , unemployment , price controls , international trade , and others -RRB- . By the time the reader has completed this book , he or she will be ` thinking like an economist ' . Despite the remarks of a previous reviewer , I do not think Hazlitt is ` sarcastic ' in this book or has very much in common with novelist Ayn Rand . Miss Rand owed quite a lot to Hazlitt 's work , and especially to this volume -LRB- which she highly recommended despite some disagreements on particular ` philosophical ' points -RRB- . However , there was no debt whatsoever in the opposite direction .
 I wish I had read this book in school among all the others I am now reading!It helps to answer the many questions I had as a child and as I got older . Questions were about why the govt did this or that , and according to my opinion , I thought that what the govt did was stupid and wasteful and thought maybe they knew something I did n't know , after all , they had experts for advisors . Now by reading this book , and others includingMeltdown
 I did n't know much about economy before reading this and found it very interesting and easy to understand . It clearly explains the principles of classical economy with examples . Many of the economic problem that we are facing make sense after reading this book . It 's a must read for every one !
 This book brings you right down to the nitty gritty of how economics works in plain english .
 Sometimes back to basics is the clearest path towards understanding current realities . It is amazing to me that a book written in 1946 is still so fundamentally relevant .
 Particularly appropriate for these times -LRB- even many decades after it was written -RRB- , Hazlitt 's Economics in One Lesson offers an alternative to the traditional Keynesian economic theory of the 20th Century . This book is a fairly easy read for non-economists and , though a bit repetitive towards the end , quite enlightening . I 'd recommend this book strongly for any student of macro economics or anyone curious in what is happening to the global economy .
 Hazlitt 's short book outlines a simple , yet devastating case for voluntary co-operation and the free market . This is a classic expansion of Bastiat 's `` what is seen and what is not seen '' analysis applied to a modern industrial economy . Should be the introductory text for anyone interested in economics and govt .
 A great and accessible book on economics . If you know nothing about the topic , read it , because it will save you from the pitfalls that have brough on most of modern economic errors . If you know much about economics , read it , because it will correct many tipically wrong notions of economics in your head . It is not meant to be a tratise , nor to solve all problems . Like all great books , it is a simple , concise , yet essential single lesson in economics . From a broken window glass it takes you through all main aspects of modern economics and teaches you an essential lesson
 Economics in One Lesson is an older book of economic lessons that build on each other , one after the other . The presentation , that is , the style of the writing and the pace of the book reveals its age . This is , however , not a bad thing per se.The construction of the lessons is great . They move at a great pace , and expose the key concepts of economics clearly.I do recognize that some of the reviewers take issue with its advocacy of laissez-faire capitalism and its criticism of government intervention , but that is a valid point of view in economic theory , and Mr. Hazlitt espouses it well.I really like this book , and I think you will too . Get it .
 If you are even remotely interested in what can be a sometimes boring and usually complex subject , this is a fantantistic introduction . Sure , there are going to be those who point out it 's fallacies but the book was written more for the laymen , not graduate studies . Readable and concise .
 This book made clear what was muddled by 16 + years of public education . All high schoolers should read this book !
 This book is a great beginner lesson in basic economics . He uses everyday examples to illustrate his points . The basic fundamental lesson in economics is to look at the impact of policy , not just on the selected groups to which benefit from that policy , but how all groups are impacted . It sounds rather elementary but with today 's economists looking for short term political gain , it is a lesson people need to learn again and again . This book should be in all economics classes .
 Hazlitt 's book is by far the easiest economics book to learn and actually apply in real life . The book is relatively short and gives great examples of how things actually apply and play out in real life . This book will give many a great fundamental understanding of real life economics and not the tooth fairy stuff taught in your textbook . You can actually apply Hazlitt 's lessons from each chapter to real life . This book is the layman 's best friend .
 I love this book . I got it from the library and figured I 'd slog through it because I had heard so many good things about it . It far exceeded my expectations.Hazlitt explains the main concepts of economics , the common fallacies , and how to think using the big picture to remedy these . He teaches you the simple law in a way everyone over the age of 12 should be able to grasp . He applies it to numerous topics , confronts the typical counter-claim , and consistently shows how it does n't hold up . He uses historical and simple , sometimes even fun examples.He simply applies the laws of supply and demand on large scale while showing how ANY interference with these only works against production , which is a setback in any case . Unions , unemployment , price ceilings , price floors , protectionist tariffs , etc. are covered , as are many other topics .
 For someone that was never really into economics -LRB- which is why I bought the book -RRB- this book just fascinated me . Straight from the Ludwig von Mises school of thinking , this book made me realize one very important thing that most people that claim to know what they are talking about do n't understand
 This is economic sanity . Easy to understand . If more people and especially those in government would read this book , we would be better off .
 This book is important because it is the most readable and straightforward book ever written about economics . If you have children , read it with them . Your children need to know how economics really work in the real world . Ludwig von Mises demonstrated how socialism is impossible . The only real-world system of economics is capitalism . Let Hazlitt show you how it works.Michael Beitler , Ph.D.Host of `` Free Markets With Dr. Mike Beitler `` Author of `` Rational Individualism `` Rational Individualism
 Economics in one lesson is particularly cogent for today , Dec. 2008 , with the backdrop of the financial catastrophe hitting the United States as well as other parts of the world . Hazlitt does n't pull any punches in denouncing government intervention in the market and in denouncing those who believe the immoral philosophy of `` stealing the fruit of Peter 's labor and delivering it to Paul . '' I would go so far as to say that Hazlitt more of less supports my long held belief that Regulated Freedom is Oxymoronic . I have no doubt Hazlitt would have supported `` ORO 's '' -LRB- GoldDigest -RRB- distillation of Robert Triffin 's Economics with his statement of Triffin 's Dilemma
 This book , even if it may seem outdated based on the copyright date , relates to today 's times . It explains `` real '' economics and how one should look at it compared to what we are taught in school . It should be a REQUIRED READING in high school as well as to all current and potential politicians .
 The title is a little off . This is shortest and surest way to understand government economic policies - not the basic of economics . But this hardly detracts - I think I am more delighted with what I found than I would have been with what I expected!If you passed a junior high school Economics class -LRB- and have the reading skills to match -RRB- , you 'll be able to make sense of this brilliantly written book . Using easy understandable language , simple examples , and direct reasoning founded on straightforward principles , `` Economics in One Lesson '' dissects most common fallacious economic policies.Reading it will give you the basic tools needed to cut through the crap and quickly dissect the debates on almost any of the inherently flawed economic policies which are squandering the wealth of the West and retarding the growth of developing nations . Most of the policies we see proposed -LRB- and in effect -RRB- today fit the basic forms of those Hazlitt dismembered more than 60 years ago.I was blown away by a single paragraph in chapter 5 which nailed the heart of the current housing crisis .
 Every politician and business leader should be forced to read and understand Economics in One Lesson . Again and again , the classic mistake is made
 This should be required reading for every high school student . its easy to read , but right on the money . The clarity of the book belies its depth and accuracy . Hazlitt has written a wondrous book about the true nature of people and money , and how things should work .
 A great and accessible book on economics . If you know nothing about the topic , read it , because it will save you from the pitfalls that have brough on most of modern economic errors . If you know much about economics , read it , because it will correct many tipically wrong notions of economics in your head . It is not meant to be a tratise , nor to solve all problems . Like all great books , it is a simple , concise , yet essential single lesson in economics . From a broken window glass it takes you through all main aspects of modern economics and teaches you an essential lesson
 This book is not for those of you that have already done a lot of economics . It 's probably too basic to be very useful for you , but it can for sure be a very useful lesson for those not schooled in the area.It thoroughly stomps quite a few common misconceptions the common man has about economic policy and its consequences , so for that I applaud the book . Some people find it too simplistic and harsh , but this book , like Hayeks `` A road to serfdom '' , were written in a time where these truths were not very well known , so a loud voice was needed . -LRB- And probably unevitable considering the frustration great minds like Hayek must have felt when he saw what governments were doing , considering what he believed to be the best course of action . -RRB- And for those of you that say it is dated
 This can be read in addition to Thomas Sowell ` sApplied Economics
 I 've had several economics courses when I was in college , but none of them were able to communicate economic lessons in such a way . The material presented in the book is little light on the theory portion of a lesson , but it is very good at communicating the real world why 's and showing the need to look at the all of the effects of an economic policy not just want you want to see or is easily measurable . I would recommend this to anyone that wants to understand a little more about economics or as a primer to anyone taking an economics course .
 If this book were required reading for policy-makers and the people who choose them , our country would be much better off . With lively writing , Hazlitt helps you clearly make the connections between economic policies and their unintended consequences . Much of the entertainment comes from reading passages that -- while written decades ago -- are so very descriptive of current events .
 Purportedly , the brilliant jazz saxophonist , John Coltrane , practiced scales four or five hours a day . Why ? `` Basics man , basics '' was the great man 's reply . If like Coltrane , you are a believer in the merits of the basics , this is the book for you . It 's not new . It 's got no hip new acronyms such as QE2 , M2 , or KEP , but it does demonstrate that one man 's government benefit is another man 's tax . The same with protective tariffs . Sure , a tariff that protects your domestic industry may help you , but what about the rest of us consumers who have to pay more for your product and now have less to spend on other things . Does this mean all government action is wasteful ? Absolutely not . Government should act to improve the common good . Okay , I know this is where we can disagree on the details . Do we need a Department of Energy and so on ? This sort of disagreement is healthy . What is not healthy is obfuscation . Do n't tell me that a party funded with borrowed money does not end with a hangover . Do n't tell me that your entitlements are not paid for with my taxes . Basics man , basics .
 If you have n't read this masterpiece , do so immediately . I wish I could hand out copies in every mailbox and to every person I passed on the street . Sound economic principles in an easy to digest and understand package , what more can you ask for ?
 Oftentimes , in the modern economics classroom , we see many many models . These models are so complex that oftentimes we have difficultly applying them or even understanding why they work or do not work . This results in lots and lots of people thinking that something is `` sound economics '' when it is really just a bunch of hot air ! Just read Krugman sometime and you 'll see what I mean ... That is where this book comes in . Hazlett reminds us of the basics of what economics really is ; he helps you to understand the important lessons that it teaches us with respect to public policy and our personal lives.Great book ! A suggested read for anyone . I would love to see an abridged version of this that could be handed out for $ 1 each !
 I know it sounds stupid . I know it sounds extreme . I know it sounds ridiculous.But this book REALLY DID change my life.I used to be a bleeding-heart liberal
 I have always been interested in the way business and money effect nearly all aspects of life . It can befall every persons wants , needs , dreams , hopes , and in some cases even religion . Ever since high school I have pushed myself in following a business career and even now I 'm striving for a degree in Economics . I have always pushed myself to create new techniques in finding that simple solution to money , but have always come up short.Henry Hazlitt 's Economics in one Lesson could not have a better book for me to stumble upon . In the beginning of his insightful book he stated his theory , or lesson as he would put it . This simple lesson completely blew away the average persons thinking on the whole economical thought . He basically described how one needs to think out of the box . What I mean by this is that one should not see economics at the immediate but at the long term effects of any act or policy , also not to just follow the consequences of one group but for all groups.As I read through the chapters of Mr. Hazlitt 's book , I read about hundreds of fallacies in the everyday business world . He had seemed to bend all beams of light to a completely new perspective . The one thing that I enjoyed most about this book was the author 's way to seem to totally contradict the average mans thought on the topic . He had credible thoughts and sources to back his lessons up . He described how our world works in favor of itself . He used an excellent example of this with his `` broken window '' theory . A baker 's window is broken in by a stone that a kid threw at it . The baker has to spend money on the window which benefits the glass maker . This same money was supposed to go towards a new suit . All that is seen here is that the baker spent the money on a window and not a suit . If you were to think out of the box you would also see the unseen . The baker now can not buy his suit which makes the tailor that much poorer.Hazlitt described in one simple equation how taxes discourage production while also showing how our government is not entirely effective . Let 's say our national income is two hundred billion dollars and government taxes produced only fifty billion dollars of that . This means that only 25 % of the national income was being transferred from private to public purposes . The government spenders forget that they are taking money from A in order to pay it to B. Perhaps they see A but because B is soon to be able to live a much more lavish life by all the money transferred to him ; they forget the effects on A. B is seen ; A is forgotten.A second instance of the author 's brilliance is his discussion on inflation . As he points out , inflation has led to nothing but economic disaster . It encourages squandering , gambling and reckless waste of all kinds . It 's the creator of fascism and communism and leads men to demand totalitarian controls . People tend to confuse money with wealth , and feel that if they had twice as much money that they would be twice as rich . Hazlitt proves this to be a nave thought . The total quantity of money multiplied by its velocity of circulation must always be equal to the value of the total quantity of goods bought . Double the quantity of money and you exactly double the price level and so on and so forth.As you can see , Henry Hazlitt used a completely different form of thinking on Economics . He had just not focused on the current situation but instead the long term effects . He used the most basic form of scientific reasoning when creating his ideas on the subject , and that is why I believe he has made an excellent argument in proving that the current economic standpoint of our world is extremely short from being flawless . Hazlitt covered every topic in the economic world by totally revising it to a more reasonable perspective , one that was otherwise unrealized . He created his ideas by incorporating historical instances with current issues and then unraveling it to show its trend and effect on everyone 's life . Henry Hazlitt wrote this book more than 50 years ago yet it still covers the very topics in today 's newsstands and news channels . He has created a simple guide that explains how we can improve our very way of living by channeling new methods into our economical standpoint . In conclusion , I feel that Henry Hazlitt has effectively stated his argument in a strong , clear , and fair manner in his book .
 The book is extremely lucid , and shows how far one can get just by thinking . It is interesting that the author describes the housing bubble which he did not live to see -LRB- this has been pointed out by a number of other reviewers -RRB- , but what I find just as interesting , the section on imports and exports shows very clearly why making the USD the world 's reserve currency has had -LRB- and continues to have -RRB- a destructive effect on the US economy -LRB- since it creates an impetus to hoard dollars -LSB- exactly what the chinese are doing -RSB- as opposed to spending them on US-produced goods -RRB- . What I also find interesting -LRB- and depressing -RRB- is that a lot of the reviews of this are `` religious ''
 It 's been about six months since I last read Hazlitt 's forcelfully argued little monster . The ideas in it , though , are never far from my mind . More accurately , every time I think about the current state of the political economy , I get the strong urge to buy it and ship it to a senator . Maybe they 'll learn something!Although it 's title is misleading -LRB- not an economics intro , but a manifesto -RRB- , Hazlitt 's book explains in simple language the flaw in todays macro-economic thinking . Money can not be created when taking from source A only to give to source B. Source B only gains by source A 's corresponding loss . Sounds simple , right . Then why are we convinced that tariffs , minimum wage , and the federal reserve -LRB- GASP ! -RRB- are doing anything positive by operating on that theory . When we force the minimum wage up , all we are doing is shifting the burden to the consumer by upping what the employers products cost to make . As soon as the wages go up , so do prices . Once the prices are raised , that whole industrys prices go up -LRB- because they can -RRB- and everyone pays more INCLUDING the employees you thought you were helping . Hazlitt does n't stop there , he gracefully applies the theory to a plethora of situations.Although somewaht oversimplified -LRB- 200 + pages -RRB- and certainly biased -LRB- free market -RRB- This book offers us a good theory , good argument and - suprisingly rare in econ texts - an overall enjoyable read . The only two real problems I see are
 If you are looking for a review of school/college microeconomics , buy one of the Economic outlines here at AMAZONEconomics
 Henry Hazlitt is amazing . His ability to clearly communicate the natural forces of the market and how economics works - stripped of all the hoo haa of political bombast - is very easy to understand . It 's clear , concise , and as you read , you compare what he says to real life and you can see the truth of his words . Every American should read this book right now . We would have a different country , and an enormously prosperous one .
 This book is really rather remarkable . It was written in the 1940s and revised in the early 70s but I ca n't help , but feel that it was written for no better time than now . The fallacies Hazlitt demolishes are still passed around verbatim today as proverbial wisdom from the same ` brilliant ' economists trotted out by the media , despite having failed to foresee the current crisis -LRB- late 2008 -RRB- . The world is rational . Read this book and you 'll no longer be surprised by the frantic , panicked news chatter heard all around . There is nothing more special or unique about this current crisis . It is a truly predictable debacle and the direct consequence of belief in economic fallacy . Economic Law exists and its gravity will come to bear regardless of the attempts of interventionist actors . Nothing in this world comes for free.Hazlitt , drawing from the best traditions of Economics , lays it all out , neatly and succinctly . Strongly recommended .
 It 's amazing that this book was written in 1946 but is so relevant today . Everything Hazlitt discusses about government spending , regulation , market interference , subsidies , deficit spending , and rampant encouragement of consumer debt relates directly to what is happening today . The book is written in a very readable , straight forward manner that anybody can understand , even a Democrat politician whose only reason for living is plundering and looting from the productive members of society and transferring the swag to the looters and the moochers -LRB- i.e. - their voters -RRB- . I ca n't think of a better treatise on the war between the `` tax payers '' and the `` tax eaters '' than this book . Hazlitt refers often to `` The Forgotten Man '' , a book by William Graham Sumner published in 1883 which went into much detail on how government policy will always favor the politically connected at the expense of the powerless . Politician A passes a law to benefit constituent B at the expense of constituent C -LRB- The Forgotten Man -RRB- . Amity Shlaes recent history of FDR 's `` The New Deal '' used the same title `` The Forgotten Man '' and was one of the best books of 2008 . I highly recomment this book . It 's concise , interesting , and the most readable economic books ever written .
 In the face of some pretty strange ideas and solutions put forth that do n't seem to add up , Hazlitt 's book uses reason and logic to explain why years of top-down management of the actions of millions of people have not succeeded -LRB- and why the same failing solutions ` need ' to be extended , increased and enforced more violently -RRB- . It would be nice if humanity , especially the benevolent people who get into powerful public offices , could tune the market to perfect the supply of goods and services for all so there is no more want.Someone earned a Nobel prize for explaining how it 's just not possible for one or a group of people to know all they need to know to make the right decision for everyone else . Hazlitt explains what happens when one or a few people try to make a decision for the masses , like an import quota or price ceiling.It 's interesting to me that a person can understand and politically agree that intervention in foreign economies , like an embargo or military invasion , will result in unintended consequences that are bad for most everyone -LRB- at least us who pay for it -RRB- but can not accept that intervention in our domestic economy has unintended consequences . Some may say these are acceptable , but when the actual effects of polices like welfare , oil and coal subsidies , weapons production , FDIC insurance and anti-trust laws are honestly examined , people deny it.If you disagree with people who want a smaller federal budget , I still recommend reading this book so you understand what you 're actually disagreeing with .
 `` The whole of economics ... can be reduced to a single sentence . The art of economics consists in looking not merely at the immediate but at the longer effects of any act or policy ; it consists in tracing the consequences of that policy not merely for one group but for all groups . `` So begins the brilliant and controversial work of Henry Hazlitt . As it is not the purpose of this forum to debate economic theory , let me simply suggest that you obtain this book and draw your own conclusions from it . The richer understanding of trade policy , taxes and tariffs , and government regulation you will obtain from spending a lazy afternoon with this book will provide more long-term value than its price ... in short , buying Economics in One Lesson is sound fiscal policy .
 This is a book that looks at the shadow side of government altruism in economics . Henry Hazzlit 's main thesis is that when we focus our economic policy on a particular group , we somehow ignore other groups that are adversely effected . A high tariff on cars may help manufacturers of cars , but it hurts those who buy cars . Artificially boosting milk prices may make the farmer feel rich , but it 's out of the pockets of the milk buyer . Since there are far more consumers than producers , the special attention harms more people than it helps.In essence , every action has an equal and opposite reaction . The government focuses on paying Paul , but not stealing from Peter . Hazzlit argues that both deserve their due . Usually Paul is big and easy to see , but even if Peter is a conglomeration of people and hard to find , he still exists and he is still being hurt . He also argues that Job Works programs like the New Deal are more harmful than helpful , because they absorb resources that could be more productively used in the free market . People are a component of productivity , argues Hazzlit , and when their use is diverted to inefficient means , the loss of productivity costs every taxpayer and citizen a better life.Hazzlit gets a lot done in this short volume . He uses the kind of common sense that seems to be absent from most economic theories and his writing style is very easy to follow .
 The last comprehensive review for this book was in 2001 and the world has changed considerably since then . Much of the book is a breezy , but substantiated rebuttal of the many flaws in economic polocies . The author makes a very readable case for the removal of tariffs and subsidy crutches for sick industries . But the author pays no attention to human-fallibility factor in ecomonics . The author notes that sick-industries need to die out to provide breathing space for more nascent ones . This , according to the author , is also essential for freeing workers for the new industry . This statement does not say anything about the disruptive nature of this change or the difficulty and time-consuming nature of such a transition . Skills become obsolete in a matter of a few years or even months in the current marketplace and re-learning new skills at a considerably advanced age is no small issue . A basic comprehension of this fact and its treatment is missing from the book , but this is no fault of the author . The book was written in a time when the only major transitions were from the cottage-textile industry to the industrial , and the sunset of the agricultural economy . All said , this book is still the best introduction I 've read . Understand the basic concepts as simple parables . The beautiful complexity and nuanced points can be explored later
 Henry Hazlett was a journalist and economist active during the heyday of Keynesian economics , roughly from the Roosevelt to Carter years . Hazlett was a classical liberal who railed continually against the reigning ideology of massive state intervention . Hazlett wrote Economics in One lesson in 1946 , and was a weekly columnist for Newsweek for the next two decades . He wrote many books , but Economics in One Lesson has been the most popular , and is a real classic . Hazlett palled around with all the free-market gurus , including Hayek and von Mises , but he wrote in a simple and engaging style that was unknown in the Austrian school of economics.Hazlett 's ` one lesson ' is actually one sentence
 This is the best book I have seen for beginning an understanding of economics . Hazlitt presents each subject in easy language , giving good examples at every point.My only criticism is that some sections are much too short , leaving the reader with some unanswered questions . Still , this is a wonderful and clear work .
 This is a great primer that should be read in all schools . Hazlitt does not deal in economic details here . Intead , Economics in One Lesson covers more useful ground for the average person
 Understanding of basic economics is almost necessary for everyone and this is the one of the best books which explains it in much simpler way . When I started reading this book , I was very curious to know the lesson the author is trying to teach in this book , and it is just not about demand and supply which many other academic economic books trying to teach you.The author provides good insights into the consequences of the vote-bank policies framed by politicians and bureaucrats in the various governments around the world . The reader can get fair understanding of the effects to the public by the taxation of government , and different policies like trade barriers , minimum wage law , regulatory policies and more importantly effects of inflation and government policies to cause and contain inflation.Common words like credit , spending , savings , investment are explained adequately to understand their effects on the production and individual . As author himself points out in the last chapter , though not many of these lessons are not followed by politicians around the world even now , this book is must read for them and for public to understand the repercussions of policies introduced by the government and to provide long term solutions to the public welfare .
 The lesson of Economics in One Lesson is that any interference in economic systems that helps one group of people always ends up taking something away from another group of people . The author believes that the less interference in economic systems there is the better the economic system runs . He is against make work schemes , excessive taxes , public works , tariffs , a minimum wage , and unions . He is even critical of Social Security . This book was written originally in 1946 so there is no talk of the issue of Globalization and the numbers used are smaller than we are accustomed to , but otherwise it talks about timeless issues . I think it is important to remember that there are other ways of thinking about economics that are not so extreme in their opposition to public works , unions and a minimum wage . I also think that , although the market does correct itself without intervention and therefore the overall arguments of the author are correct , wages , for example , would be a lot lower if we did not have a minimum wage . Many minimum wage jobs require no skills and therefore there are lots of people to fill them so there is no competition for labor and therefore no incentive to offer higher wages . This book left me wanting to read more about economics , not just for more of the author 's point of view , but also for opposing points of view .
 I have to laugh at the negative reviews of this book . They are probably written by socialists who do n't understand economics , otherwise they would n't be socialists . Hazlitt 's arguments are based on -LRB- 1 -RRB- a real understanding of economics and -LRB- 2 -RRB- facts , including that socialism has been an abject failure where ever it has been tried . In contrast , the arguments of modern liberals are based on emotions and are devoid of facts and of thinking about the world as it is.I can tell you that this is one of the very best books that has ever been written on economics .
 This book is by no means the only book you should read on economics , merely reading this one book does not give you a good enough grounding . There is very little -LRB- none at all , IIRC -RRB- in the way of empirical data , for example , all of the lessons are in the form of `` worker A produces product Z , '' that type of thing . Which is very useful for teaching concepts and relations . This book is masterful at getting you to * think * like an economist , which many people ca n't do -LRB- even some economists -RRB- just from reading a book on economics . By stripping each lesson to its bare , abstract essentials , you ca n't help but see the underlying principles at work once you finish this book . What you learn here you will use while reading other econ texts , and in your own observations of the world around you.This is a landmark primer and my only real problem is that the author is defiantly Austrian school and when he tackles Friedmanesque monetary policy I do n't think he gets it right -- like many other econ writers he seems to be attacking a second-hand version of Friedman , and not Friedman 's actual teachings . I could be wrong , perhaps he was n't trying to tackle Friedman , that 's a drawback of his abstract approach.By all means read this book .
 This book is a little outdated , and a little heavy on the libertarianism , but otherwise it 's a very easy read , and I particularly like some of the stories it uses to present basic economic ideas .
 Great gift for your teenager or aging hippy who thinks all problems can be resolved if only someone else would foot the bill . Highly recommended for anyone desiring to support either party this year - will be an enlightening read no matter the side or the viewpoint - But I guarantee you will call yourself to question for your current views regardless of which side you are on today .
 In this text , Hazlitt surveys several economic policies and analyzes their full long-term effects on economic production or efficiency . This includes the relationship between wages , prices , and production , government subsidies , international tariffs , different tax brackets and incentives , machine and war economies , commodity pricing , minimum wage laws , union membership , and inflationary vs. deflationary factors . Written with clear and concise sentences and precise examples , Hazlitt does an excellent job at presenting a utilitarian and rational economic model for government policies , as well as individual appreciation of wealth . Well done .
 This work is a solid value for the price charged . It integrates some common sense Economics principles with classics by Adam Smith and others . The author starts by explaining how public works projects benefit the local economy in the short term while paying for themselves over the long term in terms of toll revenues and additional taxes . He believes that high taxes tend to discourage badly needed investment . Machinery does displace workers in the short term ; however , the incremental productivityhas a permanent benefit . What would we do today without cars?or planes?Tariffs tend to benefit producers at the expense of consumers.Prices are determined by the dynamics of demand and supply.Rent control has benefits but the downside tends to discourage new building . Unions tend to provide for local employment while at the same time providing pay equity and benefits for themembership.This book is a solid value for economists , households , students of economics , journalists and a whole host of constituencies .
 This is one of the best books I have ever read of all kinds . It simply and clearly explains how and why government interference damages the economy . Even though it 's over 50 years old , the underlying economic principle is timeless . Hazlitt was a journalist and knew how to write . His influence on my economic and political thought will last for the rest of my life . I also recommend that you read Bastiat 's `` The Law '' , a 150 year-old classic .
 Members of both the bleeding-left and bleeding-right would benefit tremendously from a read through this book . In a simple , accessible writing style Hazlitt demolished the idea of a free lunch over 50 years ago . It is pertinent even moreso today . After you 're done with this , read Ayn Rand 's `` Capitalism , The Unknown Ideal '' and Von Hayek 's `` The Road To Serfdom '' and you 'll understand why we in the West are so screwed up today .
 This book is excellent ! A must reading for all political liberals ! He gets right to the point and uses good clear examples . Most of this book was written mid century , but the economic truths Hazlitt discusses are still quite relevent . I just wish more Americans were required to read this book .
 Excellent ! For years this has been the one book I would recommend to anyone interested in Economics . Hazlitt states that `` the art of economics consists in looking not merely at the immediate but at the longer effects of any act or policy ; it consists in tracing the consequences of that policy not merely for one group but for all groups . '' He then goes on to apply his art to issue after issue . It is such a magnificent production that it is little wonder it has been in print for over 50 years . Hazlitt 's book was a large part of the inspiration for my own book , The Concise Guide to Economics .
 I have read this little classic several times and give copies to people who I think would appreciate learning about secondary consequences relating to economics . What I find doubly enriching is that a person can apply the insights of learning about secondary consequences in their own lives -- about the decisions they make that will have lasting consequences that they did n't think about before taking action . The bottom line is that it is sad that so many people do n't know about this book . It should be required reading in our high schools .
 Hazlitt opened my eyes to economic reality far better than all of my college economics professorsput together . It 's unfortunate that there is n'ta Nobel Prize for non-academic economistsbecause Hazlitt would have won hands down . In oneshort , very readable book he strips away all of the political demagoguery and irrationality thatsurrounds the conventional mythology of economics .
 This book is a great introduction to free market economics . For the most part it is easy to understand without any prior training in economics , although there are passages that are a bit over the heads of complete beginners . -LRB- like myself -RRB- . It is not really so much a primer on basic economics but rather an argument -LRB- and a convincing one -RRB- on why free market principles are superior to economic policies favoring heavy handed government intervention . And to this end , the book is excellent . I wish I could get all the liberals to read it .
 The book is extremely too cryptic for normal readers . I had the toughest time understanding all the extremely complicated language in this book . It would be nice for it to have been made for `` dummies '' , but I still got it . Austrian economics needs to be taught in school , period .
 This is a great book for explaining fundamental economics in easy to understand language . The lessons are timeless and will encourage further reading in economics . I recommend this book .
 This may be the only hardcore economics book I 've really ever read . I do n't follow through on many books period , but I pushed on through this one . The effort was valuable and worth it . From what I understand , it 's held as one of the classics and rightly so . Just take it in chunks as you have time , but do yourself a favor and glean some knowledge from this one .
 Just under two hundred pages , I learned more from this short book on Economics than from three entire textbooks in College . Concise , well worded and simplified reality . Anyone wanting to understand the market system and how it works can gain greatly by reading Hazlitt .
 I ca n't recommend this book enough to my fellow Americans !! It is an easy read . It 's amazingly well written ! It is covers so much and explains so much so very well for how short and easy a book it is to read !! A must read for all , but if your only going to read one economics book in your life , or you want the true Cliff notes book for how economics , finance , and money really works in this world and how they relate to government this is definitely your book !! JCM
 Very clearly written with a minimum of jargon . Basic principles easy to understand even for the non-economist , but topics were not oversimplified . Essential reading for anyone who wants to make informed decisions in these troubled economic times .
 Amazingly prophetic book . Could have been written yesterday . So far , a very educational read . I can see why so many people are recommending this book .
 I love this book . I have personally given my book out two times to students and I need to buy a new one . All students should read this book.The truth of the matter is everyone should read this book !
 This review 's short , sweet , and to the point . If you do n't know much about economics proper , but are familiar with the political buzzwords of the day , then this book is for you , irrespective of what you currently believe about economics . There are countless thought experiments and examples to dismantle and examine economics at its most base roots , all following one simple lesson
 A must read for all of those that believe in Kensian economics ! This book debunks the myth that our current Administration so strongly believes in ; namely , spending to get ourselves out of debt . Every politician should read this book and learn the basics of economics .
 An easy to understand overview of economics and , when considering the condition we are in today , scary ! It explains a great deal about our current economic problems though originally written in the 40 's .
 along with the road to serfdom and end the fed this book is a must read for freedom loving people ! easily shows the errors in place through the past century along with the arguments by elitists that are forcing the nanny state on Americans.The Road to Serfdom
 I have read multible books about economics and this one is the best by far . It brings home the common sense of economics . I would like to see this book made part of every high school curriculum and It would be a great gift to our congressman and our president .
 Wonderful book . Great for those who are learning about economics or need a refresher ... like most of those in Washington . The section on Tariffs was a little confusing but I will just have to reread it again .
 Henry Hazlitt 's one lesson is so simple , yet from the beginning the reader is able to see how he is going to apply it to the various topics throughout the book -LRB- public-works projects , price-fixing etc -RRB- . I do n't want to give anything away , but the lesson should give readers a different outlook on economics in general . He has great logic in making his case and the fact that he explains things so simply shows he has a deep understanding of the subject . The book does n't go into really technical stuff , which should probably be expected given the title , but it explains the fundamental concepts of economics so well that the average person can move on to a more serious study of it .
 This is a great introduction to economic analysis . It is very well written and the examples are still surprisingly current.Bad economic thinking plagues the political and mediatic scene . Hazlitt focuses his effort on a key mistake , that of ignoring the unseen possibilities -LRB- or opportunity cost -RRB- .
 This is a great book that hammers home the fact that economic actions have consequences - and that those consequences often travel much farther than the eye can see . The one-sentence `` lesson '' in chapter 1 leads to discussions in later chapters to a view of unemployment , inflation , government spending , tariffs , etc. .
 Example after example proving how you must look at long term results of policies on the entire economy rather than focusing on short term results on specific groups that may be benefited -LRB- until the economy adjusts itself to deal with the meddling -RRB- . Very astute , Washington should read it . Easy to read with clear illustrations that a child could understand .
 Henry Hazlitt was a truly great writer . The arguments he develops are simply and clearly stated . While written in a way that any literate person can digest , this may not be a book for someone completely new to economics and government policy . However , if every student read this after an introductory primer on economics , I am confident the world would be a better place . Economics is of primal importance to society and everyone owes it to themselves and their children to make sure that this important knowledge is shared and not lost from our generation to the next . My kids will be reading this as one of their required books before graduating from high school . I also recommend anything from Murray Rothbard . Free lectures and pdf books are available at mises dot org .
 These concepts are important for everyone to familiarize themselves with . I teach economics and it has been incredibly helpful to use these illustrations with my students . Such simple and easy to read chapters . Read one a day and really think about each one . Before you know it the financial reports and the governments budgeting process will come clearly into view . You will begin thinking in the micro and the macro with ease . If it makes sense in your home , it will most likely make sense on the national level.I highly recommend this easy to read little book . Learn these concepts and see what new world will open up for you in so many areas .
 This was my first experience reading Hazlitt and it wo n't be my last . He has an `` Adam Smith '' way of writing -LRB- whether intentional or not , who 's to tell -RRB- and everytime I wanted to compare this book to Wealth of Nations , I quickly curbed my enthusiasm . This is a good book , not great and I 'm not quite sure why all the great reviews . I do like his way of explaining some very difficult economic ideas and I can see this book being a valuable introduction to economic principles , maybe not economics 101 . In summary , well worth your time to read but not a good enough book to truly fit it 's title .
 This could be the quinessential book about economics . It 's easy-to-read , appropriate length , and unparrallelled in its insight . If only Obama and Bush would have read this before their tenures , some of it might have sunk in and we would n't be in the economic mess that we 're in now .
 Economics in One Lesson is not only easy to read , clear , and to the point . It is reassuring for those people whose common sense is often challenged by the opinions of professional economists and policy makers . It has become a classic more for the coherence of its postulates and their elaboration , than for the math , the graphs , and the jargon that often hide behind a veil of technicalities the actual simplicity of economics .
 The lesson
 This may be on of Sowells ' sources . Published originally in 1946 and updated in 1979 , it is still relevant to current issues , ie . Govt ' guaranteed loans -LRB- fanny & Freddy -RRB- , Farm subsidies , automation , out sourcing , to big to fail , etc. etc. `` Government-guaranteed home mortgages , especially when a negligible down payment or no down payment whatever is required , inevitably mean more bad loans than otherwise . '' Was Hazlitt reading Wall Street Journal C. 2007 in 1946 , or is there less new under the sun then we may have thought ?
 Hazlitt delivers to the reader the most incredibly profound , and simultaneously most incredibly simple economical lesson yet penned by man . Moreover , he does so in a manner which provides both relevant and easily understandable examples to the lay , while still providing the depth and principle sufficient to intrigue and inform even the most well versed economically among us.Whether your life 's experience in economics amounts to balancing your checkbook , or graduate level studies , if you have n't yet read Hazlitt 's short text , you owe it to yourself.And once you have read it , I implore you to share it . If ever you should come across anyone in your path with the slightest interest in economics , even be they in slight argument towards the collective , lend them your copy and follow up with discussion after they return it . The more people in this world who read and understand the lesson taught by this text , the better our chance at progressing to true freedom .
 Henry Hazlitt has written the best introduction to economics period . If you do n't know the first thing about economics or you if you think you do then read this important book . If all the politicians would read this maybe we would n't have our current economic woes .
 ECONOMICS IN ONE LESSON is an essential work by Henry Hazlitt , of the Austrian school of economics . This piece is well-written , clear , simple and powerful . While it appeared first in 1946 -LRB- this edition was updated in 1979 -RRB- the principles are as relevant today as they were then.The book is intended to emphasize general economic principles and `` the penalties for ignoring them '' . Indeed , issues of inflation , deficit spending , commodity pricing , corporate profits , exports and taxes are very much with us today and look in our future.Economics , Hazlitt states , is the science of seeing both general consequences and secondary consequences . While much is made of the former , little is discussed of the latter and therein lies the danger . Government can not give to one person or group without first taking from another . It creates nothing of value in that giving but in the taking it diminishes and discourages productivity and administers a negative effect on production and the creation of wealth . There is no justice in redistribution by force.Hazlitt writes profoundly of the dangers of inflation . He says , '' ... all government spending must eventually be paid for out of the proceeds of taxation ; that inflation itself is merely a form , and a particularly vicious form , of taxation '' . Also , `` Inflation plants the seeds of fascism and communism . It leads men to demand totalitarian controls . It ends invariably in bitter disillusion and collapse . '' Strong stuff.On bureaucracy
 For all of you Poltergeist
 First , we have the mathematical text only , second , this text was written by a mortal to mortals although not for all mortals , maybe only for some hundreds , and I can begin to name them rereading first chapter the Series of Natural Numbers , pp.1-10
 A magnificent , fantastic and very readable introduction to the highly abstract world of formal logic and the foundations of mathematics . Lord Russell is not only one of the greatest logicians of all time , but he is also an astonishing writer , blessed with an elegant , heavenly precise concision of style and sharpness of argumentation .
 An excellent and lucid exposition of what we really mean when we talk about 2 houses , or 1/2 an hour , or square root of 2 meters , or that the counting numbers are infinite . It does not require any prior mathematical knowledge beyond the basics , although it probably will be of interest only to those that care about math at its most abstract . It is fascinating to realize how much we take for granted when we do math and how much ingenuity it takes to pin down the concept of number . Highly recommended .
 Bertand Russell 's `` Introduction to Mathematical Philosophy '' provides the reader with a great understanding of mathematical philosophy in a very simple and straightforward manner . Though this is an introductory work it may not be casual reading to all who endeavor to read it . Beginning with definition of numbers and sets it expands to provide definitions of simple and complex and builds to provide a good understanding of the logic behind mathematics . While much of what is spoken about may seem very elementary the logic behind certainly is not . While the book is not nearly as expansive ad `` Principia Mathematica '' it is a good distillation of the bigger work and provides a great introduction to anyone wishing to explore that work . I recommend this book to anyone interested in formal logic and believe that it should be in the required reading for any formal logic introductory class . Further anyone interested in reading Goedel 's work 's which expand on Russell 's work needs at least to read this work prior to Goedel . I find this book to be very succinct and readable and ultimately very worthy of the effort it takes to read . -- Ted Murena
 Two of the very first courses I took in graduate school were in the foundations of mathematics , a decision that I have repeatedly praised myself for since . By learning the basic structure of mathematics , it was much easier to understand what came later . In this book , Bertrand Russell , one of the giants of mathematical philosophy , writes about the subject for a general audience.Russell , known in mathematical circles more for his giant work `` Principia Mathematica '' co-authored by Alfred North Whitehead , does an excellent job in describing the foundations of mathematics for the non-mathematician . It is a difficult task , as it is hard to describe mathematics without using mathematics . While there are some sections where Russell has no choice but to mention some higher-level mathematics , he does so only when necessary and explains it well . Most people with at least some exposure to mathematics will be able to understand it . There are no proofs in the book.As a primer on many of the basic ideas of mathematics , this book is one of the best . Russell was also a great expository writer and he demonstrates that trait here .
 A great book by a great philosopher . Of course , much of the material was for its time advanced and revolutionary now it is more of a classic introductory text given a basic preparation in critical reading and basic mathematics to sufficiently appreciate the nuance of his thought .
 Okay , I have to be honest - I was a little intrepid picking up this book , and it had nothing to do with Russell 's math . I had this really dogmatic atheist friend who used to endlessly quote `` Why I am not a Christian , '' and it put me off of Bertrand Russell.This book is a joy . It 's easy to read , interesting to think about , and inexpensive . Three virtues of math books that are hard to find in combination !
 This book takes you back one or two steps in the understanding of math when definitions in the modern age just does n't seem to define with clarity most concepts of math . This book takes you to a world of propositional logic that is of utter importance to grow as a mathematician . Bertrand Russell is one of a kind , you can easily see why he got a Nobel Prize in Literature . This book must be read slowly as to digest the concepts so that you can internalize them and put them to use in proofs in the modern way . Enjoy !!
 Certainly , that is the kind of contribution included in the perennial sophia of this species
 I collect and invest in cookbooks . I also purchase histories of food ... including historical narratives of appetizers , entrees , desserts , coffee , spirts , etc.Kimmerlie 's book is a classic . . I 've ordered additional copies of her impressively researched , well-written , and wondefully illustrated book , as gifts for friends , and relatives . Her first `` candy '' book is also on my list of purchases that I purchase for valued colleagues.bjd
 What a delicious book . It 's beautiful presented both inside and out and it talks about one of my favourite subjects
 I ordered this book several years ago to do a paper . Yes , it is good enough to use as a reference for a college level paper . On a less serious note , it is also entertaining to read for chocolate lovers , and even though I completed my paper and class a long time ago , we still have this book .
 Most of have loved chocolate for as long as we can remember and this excellent treatment of the world of chocolate will have something for all of us.It was interesting to read the history of Chocolate and to think that it really did n't become widespread in Europe or North America until the mid 1700 's . What a treatless life it must have been when that wonderful indulgence was n't available to people of all ages and a delicate combination of of traits
 Chocolate makers and company evolution are the focus of a tasty selection of historical notes in Beth Kimmerle 's Chocolate
 Purchased this book as a gift and it tells a great story and was bound well . It also looks pretty good on the coffee table .
 this book was delicious it was very interesting i never knew most of this stuff in thereit made me so hungry for chocolate and im a chocolate fanaticDELCIOUS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! even the book tasted good ~ ~ ~ body hottie
 This is not your average kid 's tape ! Nancy Cassidy 's wonderful alto voice invites even the musically challenged to sing along . As with all her tapes , there is a terrific mix of traditional and new music , use of many instruments , and varied musical styles . Even our one year-old dances when we put this on !
 This is the second installment of Kids Songs from Nancy Cassidy . it is just as much fun as the first one , and just as much loved by my family -LRB- 2 to teen to parents and grandparents -RRB- . We annoy each other with `` sandwiches , '' we laugh along to `` Boom , boom , aint it great to be crazy , '' we jig to `` Rig A Jig Jig , '' and we get `` tuneful with every spoonful '' of `` Mrs. Murphy 's chowder . '' This is great fun for the whole tribe !
 After years of searching , which ended with a 400 or so page photocopied version with missing pages , I found this book . This book is the only in depth and detailed english language record of almost all vegetation on Okinawa and the Ryukyu islands that I know of . The information within is in both Japanese -LRB- an older style -RRB- and English . I know of no other place that this book exists aside from the post library on Torii Station .
 I read this book , It 's a good source of information related to Chinese Medicine . I would call it an Art of Chinese Medical science .
 Erna and Alfreda Anderson were two real passengers that traveled third class on the Titanic , but nothing is known about them , except that Erna survived , and Alfreda did not . The author of this book has written a novel that imagines who Erna and Alfreda Anderson were , why they were on the Titanic , and how Erna made it out of the tragedy alive when Alfreda , her relative , did not . The Erna of this book is a ten-year-old dreamer living in the Swedish countryside , often at odds with her realistic , sixteen-year-old sister Alfreda . Their father has been in America for several years , and sends tickets for the family to join them . But their mother must remain behind , so the sisters set off without her , arguing along the way . They board the Titanic in England , and they 're on their way . Along the way , they finally manage to become friends . And how Erna survives , and her sister does not , happens in a tragic plot twist that was painful to read and had me nearly in tears . I highly reccomend this book . It goes along well with Voyage on the Great Titanic , from the Dear America series .
 This book was EXCELLENT !!! It was so intersting , I could n't put it down !! It starts off a little slow , but stick to this book , you wo n't regret it !!
 Erna and her sister live in Sweden where they are very poor . Their little brother dies and their mother gets sick . Their father is in America and he sends tickets for the sisters to come to America . They will sail on the `` Titanic . '' What will happen to the sisters when the ship sinks ? A really cool author ! She describes everything so well !
 Ten year old Erna Anderson and her sixteen year old sister Alfreda lived lives of poverty in Sweden . Their father went to America seven years ago , and finaly sent for Mother and their little brother Karl . But Karl had died , and Mother was ill , so Erna and Alfreda would have to make the journey to America alone , in third class on the Titanic . The two sisters , seperated at first by poverty and sorrow , soon become friends . But when the Titanic hits an iceberg and begins to sink , can they survive ?
 This should be on the desk or in the back pocket of every abap programmer on earth . Like a thesaurus for an English major . I save time almost every day with this book . Kudos to sap press for publishing a brand new edition -- we needed it !
 I recommend this book because is good to have it on your desk as a quick reference , for those wo are starting into ABAP , can consider to purchase the reference book too , in order to have a vast source to lern from .
 I first got this book when I was in the 4th grade . Thats right , the 4th grade . It is an excellent compilation of above average stories . Ancient tales like the `` Calabash Man '' and `` The Tale Of The Gentle Folk . '' These stories can be appreciated across the board by all ages . The fantastic wording creates vivid pictures in the mind , and slips a moral in while you 're not looking . I struggle to describe my appreciation for this wonderful compilation of tales . It is still my favorite book , since the 4th grade , and I 'm in college . So it just goes to prove my point .
 Tales from Silver Lands by Charles J. Finger won the John Newbery Award in 1925 . I did n't know anything about the book when I picked it up other than it 's Newbery , but I must say , I was quite pleasantly surprised by what I found.I have always loved Fairy Tales . Like , a lot . If you remember , a few weeks ago I talked about my first experience reading Grimm 's Fairy Tales , which helped cement my love for reading them as well . -LRB- If you are really interested , click here , and you can go back and read it . -RRB- So , imagine my delight when I realized this was a collection of 19 fairy tales recorded by Finger from South America . Although I 'm not nearly as knowledgeable about other countries and their rich cultural histories as I 'd like to be , I 'm always open to learning more . And I think you can learn a lot about a society from their fairy tales and children 's stories.This was a real treat for me to read , and one I 'm definitely looking forward to adding to my shelves and rereading , not only for myself but also to read to kids . I used to read some of the Grimm 's fairy tales to my little brothers as a bedtime story , and I 'd love to be able to add these tales to stories I can read/tell to young kids.Although some of these stories might be classified as more mythology than fairy tale , I felt the same way reading these as I did reading the classic fairy tales . There 's that sense of magic and possibility , where you know anything can happen , and although things might get a little rough along the way , and there probably wo n't be super happy ending , the good guys do win in the end.I also noticed that the emphasis of each tale was placed on the struggles of each character rather than the resolution . The ending is always over so quickly . Normally , this is something that is a major no-no in writing , I mean , seriously . Who wants to read a 400 pg . build up to a 4 paragraph resolution ?! But it seems to work in fairy tales . The stories are n't about what happens , it 's about learning how to get there . We see their struggles , know their challenges and then we get to know they end up relatively alright in the end.This is definitely a book I would recommend . The writing is a little older , but to anyone who is a fan of fairy tales in their original setting -LRB- or people who want to write a fairy tale retelling but are wanting new material -RRB- this is a great book to read and one that I strongly recommend .
 This is a wonderful collection of tales from South America , which won the Newbery Medal 1925 . The stories are for all ages and written to intrigue the reader and whisk him or her to a far away land . Brave worriers , fair maidens , rich kings , evil witches , and ferocious giants are all a part of these tales . My only negative comment about this book is that towards the end it became somewhat repetitive . All the characters became somewhat similar and the plots -LRB- although diverse -RRB- had similar paths . However , this is a great book for children 's bedtime stories , and a treat to the adult who reads it to them .
 This book has a collection of South American folk tales about witches , etc. . It is written very well and can be read without having to reread and comprehend more of the page .
 As the author of this book , I would just like to say that it has been successfully published in the Uk and reached number 60 in the hot one hundred best sellers . It has also sold successfully in Australia , Greece , Italy , America , Japan , Sweden , and is now being published in Poland . In Japan it was so poular that although only published last year it is now being reissued.To Amazon !! Please remove the stars as I do not have the right to rate my own book . I had to put them in so that I could post this as you no longer give the author a right to reply - which I believe you should when bad reviewers slate an author 's book.Linda Sole . I write as Anne Herries and Linda Sole .
 If you want to REALLY learn French , you need to track down this book and get a copy ...
 Rood and Trefil wrote this book because the media were being influenced primarily by scientists who were very optimistic about finding extraterrestrial life . The two authors describe `` the conventional wisdom '' as defined by Carl Sagan , Frank Drake and others . Then Rood and Trefil examine the key factors one by one , ending each chapter with a section called `` Consequences for SETI '' or `` Implications for SETI . '' Basically , they come up with much lower numbers than the optimists ; the Earth is special after all . Rood and Trefil do quick surveys of space colonization and the prospects for interstellar travel , dismissing the idea that UFOs carry alien visitors . Each author wrote a separate conclusion to the book , giving his personal views . Though now slightly dated , Are We Alone makes points that still must be addressed by SETI advocates .
 Drs. Rood & Trefil are excellent writers and know how to make a complex subject interesting and entertaining . Although the book was written in the early 80s , it remains relevant -LRB- appears the universe has n't changed too much in 30 years -RRB- .
 Great to deal with . Very quick delivery . Very highly recommended . Thank you .
 For all you TV thriller fans , The Science of Cold Case Files is an in depth exploration into the world of modern forensic science , the kind highly-acclaimed CBS TV drama ` CSI
 This book was fascinating . I could not put it down . I hope that there will be a sequel .
 This delightful little guide packs a lot of info in 151 pages . It has Donald G. Kelley illustrations on almost every page . Fold out map gives aeroplane view of the giant forest . Covers hiking , trails , roads , Native Americans , flora and fauna .
 My teacher reads these to us all the time , and they ` re great . What makes it even better is because it ` s about kids . Totally creepy , and intereresting if nothing else.That is if your into that supernatural sort of thing like me
 I think I 'll go ahead and order this `` SPOOKY KIDS
 spooky kids is spookier than R.L Stine 's GOOSEBUMPS . It is sadly true ; but scary ! Siskel and Ebert gave it 1,000 thumbs up . It makes Goosebumps look like snail !!!!!
 The title of this book comes from Avot 3:2 , in which the deputy high priest said , `` Pray for the welfare of the government , for were it not for the fear of it , people would swallow each other alive . '' Indeed , during the chaotic period covered in this excellent study , that is precisely what happened . For the government dissolved , several times over , and the Jewish people were swallowed.The book opens with a brief history of the Jewish people in Ukraine , which surprisingly , goes back 1,000 years . Some 32 pages are devoted to it , before turning to the key events covered in the study . In the late 19th and early 20th centuries , the Jewish population of Ukraine were composed of some 1.9 million souls , who made up more than 8 percent of the Ukrainian population of 23 million.While the Jewish people kept to themselves , and their life in Eastern Europe revolved around the Sabbath and the execution of 613 commandments , respect was alloted to all non-Jews who were required under Jewish law to adhere only to seven basic commandments in order to receive a place in the afterlife.Despite the dissimilarities , there were also many similarities between the cultures , whose cross-cultural exchanges occurred mainly through women.The next several chapters , the bulk of the monograph , cover the establishment of Jewish autonomy in 1917 , how this autonomy worked in practice -LRB- not well -RRB- , the pogroms of 1919 , and the failure in 1919 of Jewish autonomy and support for the Ukrainian directorate.The fall of the tsar marked an attempt by Ukrainians and Jews to establish a noble experiment in human rights , Abramson writes , `` but despite good will on both sides , the experiment was a disastrous failure . `` Even before the pogroms of 1919 , there was violence against the Jewish people . The autonomy was marred by nearly 120 attacks on Jewish villages and people in 1917 and 1918 . In 1919 , the number of attacks totaled more nearly 1,200 . Thousands of Jewish lives were lost as a result , and it was no small wonder that the Jewish people of the Ukraine in the wake of this violence turned to the Red Army as their salvation . Irony , too , for the Red Army ended up as much an enemy of the Jewish people as any tsarist regime or the Ukrainian directorate.The book contains many maps of the Ukraine and Pale of Settlement during this period , along with illustrations of important government personages , charts and graphs and the occasional political poster.This is an excellent study for anyone interested in the microcosm of Ukrainian Jewish life during revolutionary times . -- Alyssa A. Lappen
 An excellent scholarly book . Great detail and very in depth analysis . Inevitable conclusion is the impossibility of molding an economic system out of a moral philosophy , not just Islam . That is where the problem with traditional Islamic thought arises , for most of its adherents , Islam is not just a set of moral principles but a way of life , dictating every aspect of it . Unavoidably , there was much effort by Islamists to set up a distinct system of banking and economy based on pure Islamic traditions . Prof. Kuran delves into the history of these movements , but he does more than that , he puts all this in cultural and political context . At the end , he bravely expands more on the general failure of Islamic culture and tradition to bring wealth and prosperity to the masses that follow it . Writing is very formal , not the easiest read and surley apporpriate only for the truly intersted in the general topic , but it was well worth it for this reader .
 `` Islam & Mammon
 The central and most important point in this highly useful volume is that Islamic finance is an `` invented tradition , '' which empowers Islamic radicals . Now , coming as it does from the University of Southern California King Faisal Professor of Islamic Thought , that statement represents years of study , and a great deal of courage . `` Neither classical nor medieval Islamic civilization featured banks in the modern sense , let alone ` Islamic ' banks ... , '' Kuran continues.Western securities and banking regulators , legislators , bankers , money managers and securities lawyers , take note
 The subject is `` Islamic economics , '' a system which has the goal that all dealings be of equal benefit to all parties and , through the use of the `` tax '' for charity and inheritance law , there be a high degree of economic equality . Kuran examines all these issues seeing some advantages and the many quandaries that result . Importantly , in view of current problems and events , he explores the political significance of this type of economy in the lack of prosperity and the isolation of Muslims from the rest of the world.In his exploration of why the Islamic economy has lagged Europe for several centuries he calls into use his work on preference falsification -LRB- See his `` Private Truths , Public Lies '' -RRB- in the inability of the economy and its rulers to self-correct when the economy was sliding downhill.Carol M Fuller
 Ugly duckling , move over ! This is the new version written for everyone , young and old ! A fun and sensitive story . Expertly written and pleasing to read . You wo n't put it down until you finish !
 This is a fast moving well-written story . Great characters and surprise twists make this very enjoyable to read . A wonderful afternoon reading project .
 Ten gold bananas , two thumbs up and hurrah for Gorilla ! What a wonderful book . It was a pleasure to read ! If you just want to get comfortable and enjoy a book-this is the one I would suggest .
 The most unusual story of a young man facing life with a handicap . I felt like a cheerleader and prayed that he could overcome . I could hardly wait to reach the end of the book . Do n't peek !
 I am the editor of this book , and I 'm sorry to see it out of print . It had a rather garish cover , but the heart of the book was one of compassion and deep caring.George Ellis spent countless hours working behind bars to bring this meditation technique to prison lifers . I helped George teach the program at San Quentin , and every Tuesday evening , deep within the bowels of San Quentin , we would sit with men who would be there for the rest of their lives , to meditate and bring them a little understanding about the world within themselves ; to help them find a little peace.This book is a valuable history lesson about alternate rehabilitation techniques . At Folsom , the TM technique was taught to men who were to be released within 3 to 6 months . The rate of recidivism among these men was half of that of the general population.This book chronicles the teaching of the TM Technique behind bars at San Quentin , Folsom , the Redwood County Jail , and other institutions around the world . I highly recommend it as a text for criminologists , psychologists , and all incarcerated people .
 I was the final editor of this book . I spent a week secreted at Lake Tahoe making the corrections . I thought the cover was rather garish , but this is a book with a lot of heart . George Ellis spent a lot of time helping people who , otherwise , would have had little hope.This book is an inspiration and should be put back into print .
 George Ellis is the genuine article , whom I knew personally in the 1970 's in Berkeley , California , and look forward to seeing again ! Ellis is a real public resource with a depth of experience concerning Transcendental Meditation and its application in violence prevention and rehabilitation . He should be on numerous national talk shows . Invite him !
 You can give someone life -- or you can put someone to death . But you can not `` give '' someone their own death . Death is a `` gift '' because it insures our irreplaceableness in God 's eyes ; it is ours and ours alone . No one can die in my place no more than I can die in theirs . Our willingness to acknowledge this relationship with our own deaths -LRB- which above all requires `` responsibility , '' a term Derrida seems to prefer to `` faith '' -RRB- in turn unites us with God and the self , with the giver and the receiver.I 'll admit I had n't expected a deconstructionist to use terms like `` absolute , '' `` transcendant , '' `` God , '' `` self '' -- in profusion and in earnest . But perhaps Derrida has sufficiently exposed the instability , metaphoric basis and deceptive play of language to be able to employ it without qualifiers , disclaimers , and tedious textual self-referentiality . As is his custom , he represents his own work as a critique of others ' works -- Plato 's `` Phaedo , '' Nietzsche 's `` Genealogy of Morals , '' Kierkegaard 's `` Fear and Trembling , '' and the contemporary , politically executed Polish philosopher Jan Potocka . While he establishes his distance from Plato and Nietzsche , his re-visioning of Kierkegaard offers new angles without questioning or challenging the great Dane 's existential reading of the Abraham-Isaac story . And his alignment with Potocka is so complete as to suggest more an apologia than a critique of the latter 's work . Add to these texts numerous references to Heidegger and to both the Old and New Testaments as well as to stories by Poe and Hawthorne , and you 'll have some idea of how richly allusive , not to mention dense , Derrida 's discourse can be , even in a brief work such as this.The primary requisite for reading `` The Gift of Death '' is some knowledge of its precursor , `` Fear and Trembling . '' Like Kierkegaard , Derrida defines religion as access to the responsibility of a free self , which in turn is defined as a relationship consciously and secretly experienced by the individual subject who sees him or herself in the gaze of God . Truth is separated from Socrates ' truth by its interiority , by its replacement of reason , ethics , and aesthetics with the sheer horror of the abyss . Compared to Kierkegaard , however , Derrida 's account is less romantic , less inspiring , more disturbing . The leap of faith involves not a sacrifice of Isaac but of oneself , a secret and senseless meeting with one 's own death . Derrida interprets the absence of woman in the Abraham and Bartleby stories as proof that the `` knight of faith 's '' quest is not the `` tragic hero 's '' . Instead , it is beyond all knowledge , a confrontation with the abyss that marks the Absolute singularity of the self . -LRB- This latter observation is reminiscent of Marlowe 's inability , or unwillingness , in Conrad 's `` Heart of Darkness , '' to share the `` truth '' of Kurtz ' final words , `` The horror , the horror , '' with Kurtz ' fiance . -RRB- In the latter part of his critique , Derrida offers a paradoxical criticism of the technological , modern age . Far from becoming quantified or de-naturalized , we have returned to the demonic and orgiastic from which religion arose . Modern man has fallen into inauthenticity , becoming not a self or person but assuming the mask of a `` role . '' Present-day democracy , in turn , is not about the equality of individuals but of roles . Hence the importance of discovering and accepting the gift of death that determines human uniqueness . Responsibility is the criterion ; freedom is the result.This is a work not to be read quickly or only once . Derrida moves slowly , taking two steps backward before moving one step forward , but his method insures the communication of his meanings . If it 's any inducement to the reader , I would suggest that the fourth and final chapter , `` Tout autre est tout autre , '' is anticlimactic and unhelpful . By then the attentive reader will already have located the gift .
 Like much of Derrida 's work , The Gift of Death does require a familiarity with the continental tradition . Without knowledge of Heidegger , Levinas and Kierkegaard , it is unlikely to make an impression , but the central figure of the text is Jan Patocka , a little-known Czech philosopher who is only now beginning to come to light . Contact with his thoughts on Europe and the care of the soul makes this slim tract come to life . I actually found it to be one of the clearest of Derrida 's works , certainly no more challenging than the average in current continental philosophy . Illuminates the tension between secrecy and givenness , human freedom and responsibility , and shows the ways in which death opens the space for human existence . A valuable contribution to the phenomenology of religion , and destined to be one of Derrida 's more widely read essays , even if it never surpasses the importance of his earlier works .
 Written just shortly before his death , Derrida has a kind word or two about god and says that one of his many gifts is taking us out of this vale of tears of his and into his bosom - not for the Woody Allens of this world nor for Madonna , it invites contemplation on what `` the life everlasting '' might be
 Deconstruction is a deceptively useful philosophical device . However , this usefulness is severely limited . Deconstruction can present no positive conclusions . All it can do is show the fallibility of any attempt at such certain knowledge , primarily by exposing the inadequacy of language , a faculty so intimately connected with understanding . As a skeptic , I personally find deconstuction to be very pleasing . However , I am constantly annoyed by Derrida 's insistance on frequently ignoring this aspect of his process . As a philosopher , I suppose the inclination to make some sort of positive assertion could be irresitible . I love the `` play '' and the analysis , but the attempt at ethical conclusions leaves me cold.In `` The Gift of Death , '' Derrida uses the story of Abraham and Isaac to distinguish between an absolute responsibility to `` the other '' from the typical ethical , `` known '' responsibility . I have never understood why it is that philosophers use this parable and others to decipher ethical realities . How much truth can one expect to extract from a fictional story ? However , the idea that originary responsibility is always irresponsible is intriguing . Derrida proposes that Abraham 's responsibility to God , the other , takes precedence over his lesser responsibilty to his son . And yet , later he makes the assertion that every other is an absolute other , making all responsibility absolute.All of this emphasis on otherness ultimately leads to a kind of ethical paralysis , but Derrida does not acknowledge this . Throughout history , small differences have been blown up into impenetrable divisions . Racism , homophobia , sexism , ethnicity , nationality , religion , all the institutions that Deconstruction usually attacks are fully supported by these `` irresponsible '' ethical conclusions.As I said before , the analysis reads like poetry and there are some very interesting ideas here . Derrida is frustrating , but worthwhile . I recommend this as well as `` Writing and Difference . ''
 Derrida , as usual , is able to tease apart the conventional ways of thinking -- in this case about the -LRB- im -RRB- possibility of ethics -- and force us to think in a completely different way . I might disagree with his analysis of the ramifications of the ethical gesture explicated in Kierkegaard 's `` Fear and Trembling , '' but i ca n't say old Jack did n't make me think .
 I write not long after the passing of Jacques Derrida . He was a man of questions and flights of powerfully intellectual fancy . He changed how the world looks at literature.I will not clang the bells and start up the chorus of `` ding-dong Derrida 's dead '' that might be expected from a Christian reader of the man 's work -LRB- if anyone expected Derrida to have such readers -- we are inexcusably few -RRB- . Instead , I will say that in Derrida , and in this set of essays , his look into Kierkegaard in particular , I have found a kindred seeker after truth , if not a kindred professor of it.Jacques is now with the undeconstructable -- both the source , fulfillment , and , in most cases , the negation of all his observations and questions . He is with the pure ineffable which choses to speak to and through the failable.The very mention of such belies most of Derrida 's work.The certainty that springs from his work 's invalidation gives me peace that the seeker has at last found , that Jacques Derrida is now fully and forever constructed.His work is over , but his true life -- as with all the lives of those who seek and ask -- has resumed an ancient , intended course.Rest in freedom and fulfillment , Mr Derrida .
 See story summary above.No doubt an action packed story that 'll take you from spots in England to spots in the Mideast . Pure action all the way . If that 's all your looking for , look no further . As far as details and dialogue are concerned , there is very little to sink your teeth into , which is typical for a Higgins novel . Though short and to the point , I do enjoy his books . I would match super hero Sean Dillon against any fictitious villian . Good escapist fiction and quick reading make this book enjoyable.Recommended .
 Taut and tense , an explosion of sequential thrill packed events - these are hallmarks of the popular novels springing from the pen of the seemingly inexhaustible Jack Higgins . `` Edge Of Danger , '' his 32nd suspense laden powerhouse is no exception.The Belfast born author now brings us a harrowing tale with former IRA member , Sean Dillon , confronted by the Rashid 's , an English/Arab family sworn to avenge the killing of one of their own by a Russian diplomat who was driving drunk . When the diplomat is provided immunity by Russia and America , vengeance is sought with the life of the American president.Action swerves throughout the world until a terrifying finale takes place in a remote castle.Patrick Macnee , whom many will remember for his portrayal of John Steed on the hit TV series The Avengers , has the perfect voice for this reading . His control , accents , and delivery are superb , bringing a larger than life story to even more vivid realization .
 Let 's face it ; this book is not great literature , but I do n't think that the author meant it to be . What he wanted to do was entertain his readers , and that is what he does , with a bang ! I enjoy relaxing with an exciting , page-turning work every so often , and Mr. Higgins ' Sean Dillon series is the perfect read . Yesterday was a snowy day , the office was closed , and I started this book right after lunch . The plot kept me going throughout the day , and I finished the book before turning out the light and going to bed . I will admit that , at times , Dillon 's almost flawless performance becomes a tad annoying , but he is such a cheeky rascal that I can overlook that possible failing . It 's just good to sink into a book , and let the author take you where he wishes . The characters are fairly engaging , and I get interested in finding out how Dillon and friends are going to make everything right in the end . As long as Mr. Higgins keeps writing these tales , I will keep reading them !
 Many years ago Jack Higgins wrote The Eagle Has Landed , one of the best adventure novels of my lifetime . Then he wrote Storm Warning , an extraordinarily good adventure novel . In total he has written 29 adventure books . Most have been pot-boilers -LRB- a nineteenth century term for light novels you read while waiting for the pot to boil -RRB- . Higgins developed a set of characters involved in counter espionage and trying to stop bad guys from succeeding . In the post cold war world he has found an increasing range of bad guys . Edge of Danger is worth reading as a reminder of several key realities of our time . There are many people with massive resources who may decide they dislike us for reasons of their own . They may have backgrounds that give them remarkable knowledge of and contacts in our society . A free society is remarkably open and vulnerable.The details of this book are not believable but the overlying sense of vulnerability and threat are as real as the Taliban destroying priceless historic monuments and Osama bin Laden still holding press conferences eight years after the United States began trying to knock him out of the terrorist business . If you are looking for a quick read in a world of adventure and danger this will get your mind off whatever you have been worried about and remind you of the real threats the CIA and the FBI have to worry about . I look forward to Higgins ' next work .
 this book is great could not stop when i started . can not wait for the next book .
 Edge Of Danger . The book was in good condition . The story was excellant . Recommended to anybody that likes Jack Higgins and Shawn Dillon stories .
 I read this book in like two hours . it was by far one of higgins 's best books.finalley theirs a good villian and story plot . but also in reading this I really got to know sean dillon a lot better on an emontional level.but in short i found nothing wrong with this book and , I loved it
 Taut and tense , an explosion of sequential thrill packed events - these are hallmarks of the popular novels springing from the pen of the seemingly inexhaustible Jack Higgins . `` Edge Of Danger , '' his 32nd suspense laden powerhouse is no exception.The Belfast born author now brings us a harrowing tale with former IRA member , Sean Dillon , confronted by the Rashid 's , an English/Arab family sworn to avenge the killing of one of their own by a Russian diplomat who was driving drunk . When the diplomat is provided immunity by Russia and America , vengeance is sought with the life of the American president.Action swerves throughout the world until a terrifying finale takes place in a remote castle .
 I do n't usually write reviews for books I 've read , as I do n't usually visit the sites of books I 've read , but somehow I wandered into this site and had to respond to all the negative reviews of this book . I should mention that while the title of the version I listened to says that the book was abridged , the product description -LRB- as well as the cover of my set -RRB- clearly demonstrates that I did listen to the entire book , so I was not `` spared '' any of the `` bad '' parts.I stumbled upon Jack Higgins ' books a couple years ago and have been hooked ever since . The Edge of Danger was no different than the rest , being very well done and hard to put down . Perhaps if I had been reading the book , I might have been disturbed by the dialog that others have complained about , but on tape , the narrative flowed smoothly . Others have complained about the plot , but I found the plot enjoyable , as Dillon and friends try to keep ahead of the Rashids , who are driven by the intense desire to revenge their mother 's death and the assassination attempt against Paul Rashid . In addition , this book delved further into the personalities and natures of Dillon and the other characters than many of the other books . I appreciated seeing the reasons why Dillon is driven to perform certain actions instead of only what actions he actually takes.I like to listen to books by Jack Higgins when I am in the car , and this one , just like all the others , was a good choice . For those interested in the aspects of the audio version , Patrick McNee does an outstanding job of narrating Higgins ' books , and I now look for his name if I am purchasing a new audio book . He smoothly switches among the various accents represented in Higgins ' books , speaking clearly and with enjoyable , believable expression . Higgins ' books seem particularly conducive for listening to , as things are written in a straightforward manner . This contrasts with this writing of Tom Clancy , to whom Higgins may be compared , because Clancy moves so rapidly from scene to scene that it is very difficult to follow . When Higgins changes scenes , I have no problem following while I am listening to the book.In conclusion , I thoroughly enjoyed this book so much that when I would get home from work , I would take the tapes out of the car and bring them into the house because I was so anxious to learn what was going to happen next . I certainly recommend this book for anyone looking for an enjoyable read .
 I 've read 5 or 6 Higgins books , and this is one of my favorites . I like Sean Dillion . I also enjoyed the Rashid Family as characters , although I was surprised how quickly and easily Dillion went through them . I thought there would be a few more left for the sequel .
 Sean Dillon again impishly dances the Irish Jig through England , Ireland , and parts of Saudi Arabia , while efficiently wounding and killing every bad guy in or out of sight and drinking a Bushmill 's while doing it all . Saying that , Higgins can put out a story that keeps the pages turning , your mind working and suddenly reaching the end you are thinking of his next offering . Heres hoping the next is as good . God bless all here .
 Jack Higgins , my favorite author , does it again . In `` Edge Of Danger '' , we have our old favorites Sean Dillon , Brigadier -LRB- now promoted to general -RRB- Ferguson , Chief Inspector Hannah Bernstein and others . This is a genuine thriller , with an ending that will surprise you . Do n't miss it !
 The Rashids are half British and half Arab and are contented with being one of the wealthiest families in the world . When the patriarch dies in battle , his survivors knew he was doing his job . However , when someone runs over their mother and nothing happens to the perpetrator , the new patriarch swears vengeance . He orders the assassination of the driver , but when the United States and Russia interfere with his business in the Arabian province of Hazar , he vows to bring death upon both nations.He assembles an elite assassin team to kill the American president , but Sean Dillon , former IRA terrorist and now agent of the British government learns of the plan . Blake Johnson and the Secret service foil the attempt . Blake and Sean with the support of their respective governments intend to bring down the Rashids one person at a time.Jack Higgins writes a fast-paced action thriller that keeps the reader turning pages at supersonic speed . There is plenty of action filed with shoot-outs and techno-gadgets along the lines of 007 . Although dangerous and clearly a `` bad boy '' , Sean still seems authentic . EDGE OF DANGER brings exciting entertainment that never eases up until the very last page for its adrenaline soaked crowd.Harriet Klausner
 Jack Higgins a.k.a Granny 's favourite.His world war 2 novels were very well written , with good plots . However , these latest Higgins novels lack something which the early Higgins novels had in abdance . They were obviously written by a person with a high command of the English language.His latest books have been somewhat lacluster in the way they are written . He seems to have cast aside the need to write well in favour of high powered plots.Lucky for him it works . Many authors could n't get away with letting their writing get slack . But with Higgins , we just do n't seem to care . And Why ? Because his plots are so damn good . He writes to a very old formula of action novels . There is a flawed but brilliant hero , and a girl , and a formidable enemy . throw in different world location , lots of guns , lots of fighting , and simmer for 15 minutes . It is a very simple formua , and one which he never strays from . SOme people criticise him because they believe this shows a lack of depth and range . In some ways they are right , but in others wrong . It is really great hwo he can just put pen to paper , no matter what he writes , and just make you want to turn the page . Also , it astounds me how he manages to come up with so many differney and exciting ideas which still manage to satisfy his writing formula . it is simple yet effective.This latest book is no less a pageturner than several of his previous ones . He has a great plot here , and a great , and very popular lead character , and one of the best baddies in a long time.extract from blurb
 This is my second Higgins novel and I am reall getting into this world that has been created by the author . I have learned a lot of the IRA in ways that I find pretty entertaining if at times a little fantastic.The story once again centers around Dillon the bad boy of the IRA that is now working for the British . His mission is to stop this family of half British and half Arab bilionaires.The action is non-stop and pretty interestng . It 's a quick read sometime that is to the point and nothing really deep.The only compaint that I have is that I want to know more of Dillon but little by little we are seeing more of the character and some character growth .
 Higgins is a great storyteller . This is a great book . I liked it . A climax that was explosive .
 I love this book . I thought the characters were well-balanced in and the pace exciting . I ca n't wait for the sequel to this book .
 I look forward to reading a Jack Higgins novel . As a kid I read every Ian Fleming 007 book I could find . Granted Higgins is not Fleming and Sean Dillon is not James Bond-but I draw the parallel just the same because I like the action stories and Jack Higgins never disappoints when it comes to action . If you like the action/danger story , one that will most assuredly place you at the edge of your chair , at the edge of your bed , or at the edge of your toilet seat , depending on where you do your most serious reading , then Edge of Danger is the book for you . Jack Higgins is a far better writer than I so when I offer criticism I do it in my most humble way . So here it is , I get tired of plots involving the President of the United States .
 It 's another exciting page turner featuring Sean Dillon . This time he 's dealing with the wealthy Rashid Family -LRB- three brothers and one sister -RRB- who are half Arab and half British nobility . It 's makes for a very interesting plot line and story with Sean Dillon who is capably assisted by Blake Johnson , Charles Ferguson and Hannah Bernstein and a few others . The end of the story is good for it sets up the reader to anxiously await the sequel and the further adventures of Mr. Dillon and Kate Rashid .
 I 've read a number of the reviews , and thought they were too hard . This is escapism - nothing more , and nothing less . The dialogue is trite and cliche , and the plot formulaic . But that is what makes Higgins so good . Its fun ! And sure you have to suspend disbelief occassionally to make the plot work - but what 's the harm with that ? I enjoyed this book . It returns Higgins back to form after a number of less successful books in recent years . Even inspite of the cliches and plot formulas , there is a distinct ` grittiness ' about the characters , which has been long over due .
 This book starts out with a bang and never stops throughout.TheRashid family have made a fortune in the oil business.The familyis composed of the Arab Rashids and the English Daunceys.TheSultan of Hazar has negotiated a deal with the Americans and theRussians for oil concessions in Hazar.The Rashids see this as a threat to their wealth and decide to take action.First the Sultanof Hazar is assassinated.Then the Rashids decide to assassinatethe President of the United States.This plan falls short.Nextthey try to kill the ruling Council of Hazar.Dillon and companyfoil their attempt and also kill one of the Rashid brothers.Theynext try to kill the Russian Premiere but fail again.AnotherRashid brother is killed.Dillon finally has a showdown with the final living Rashid brother.Dillon wins again.The ending of the book ; eaves room for a sequel and a final showdown for Dillon and the Rashid sister Kate.This was a very good book.Be sure to read it .
 Got ta love old-school pick-a-path type books . This series featured uniformly good writing , and some interesting plot twists . the books can be somewhat tough to find , but are worth digging up !
 A Compendium of Herbal Magic is uniquely designed to bring the reader or the researcher wonderfully complete information on a vast variety of herbs . The Paul Beyerl 's writing is clear , concise , and interesting . Section one on the classifications for the herbs is helpful , as is section three on the usage . The complementary sections on lore and usage for individual herbs in section two are especially fascinating to the researcher as well as to someone simply looking to know what herb to use for which ritual .
 a great big heafty book on all the herbs u might want to use , and will ... its great its got the lore of the herbs , deity associations , uses and planetary influence . . yay book !
 One of the most informative and concise books ever on herbal magick . Not the same old song and dance !
 Whilst a little hard to follow the index 's , at first glance , it soon becomes obvious that it is split into sections and contributes to making this an excellent source book . In combination with other titles this is a reference book par excellence ' ; -RRB-
 This book was just what I was looking for ! HIGHLY informative information on each herb along with lore and magickal uses . It also explains deity correspondences and points out what sabbat you might use each herb for . I recommend this to anyone interested in magickal or medicinal uses of herbs.The product came early and the book was in excellent condition !
 The book was good . Kept my interest . In no way am I finished reading it . It is n't a book to read from front to back . The information on each herb is detailed . Great reference material . It was a good addition .
 I picked up this version of the herbal Magick books because I wanted to see what mr Beyerl had t offer to this vast and sometimes conflicting magickal practice.After reading through the book and using the index to find what I am nedding I must say where is `` The Master Book Of Herbalism ? '' I want it . . Mr Beyerl has done tons and tons of research on this material -LRB- check out the Bibliography -RRB- and it shows . His entries are precise with magical associations , common names , and other names . . It also includes suggestions for use.Not only that but , it takes the time to explaint he various ways to use herbs.This is a wonderfull addition to any occult library . .
 Having read and owned most of the herbal books now on the market , I can tell you from years of experience that Paul 's books are well researched , well thought out , and simple to understand . Paul takes you into realms of knowledge and understanding that you do not find elsewhere . It is clear that he has been researching and working with the plants for many years . His sweetness of heart and soul come shining through in his work , and there is more information here than anyone could hope to use , not only remedially , but also magickally . This book , and all of Pauls books are a big thumbs up ! Please keep it coming Paul ... we await your next work with great anticipation !
 As some reviewers already stated , P. Beyerl 's magical corespondences -LRB- some of them -RRB- seem arbitrary . On the other hand most of them are in accord with the tradition and seems ok . But if you put these ` errors ' aside , ` Compendium of Herbal Magick ' is still a very good -LRB- and very nicely illustrated -RRB- book with plenty of true informations and interesting stories regarding a lot of herbs . So I think that despise some errors -LRB- here and there -RRB- in the correspondences , -LRB- more than 80 % of the attributions seems ok -RRB- , it is nevertheless a very pleasant and respectable lecture . Buy it for its informations , for its interesting stories and for its nice illustrations but sometimes look elsewhere for the herb 's correspondences . I give it four stars .
 I purchased this book when I found as a source of information in the local herb store . It 's not fluffy and gives a great list of source materials and recommendations for further reading materials . It 's the only book I 've read of this type that refers to herbs sacred to Gaia .
 While I love this book it is not as detailed as the first . But , it is a must have for any Herbal Collection .
 Unlike some of the other reviews , I liked it ... and I have used it , to great success . Most of what he has included is correct , well researched and well written . There are a few mistakes . I am more likely to chalk these up to poor editing than poor scholarship . But overall it is better than a great deal of what is out there .
 Our four-year-old dog died this summer , and our children were having a hard time dealing with it . I found this book , and was able to put a wonderful journal of her role in our family , from the day she was born to her last days with us . It has thoughtful sections that just about anyone can fill in about their dogs . Now , when we 're sad , we turn to the book and it keeps her with us . It would have been great to have when she was alive , and I 'm getting one for the other dog .
 I bought this book for a special gift for my younger sister 's new baby -LRB- puppy -RRB- . After I surprised her with it she looked it over and said , `` This is the most wonderful book I have ever seen . '' She is now filling out ever page with great delight > Thanks to the author for creating such an amazing gift so every person that has a furbaby will have a special way to show them off to other understanding mothers !! Thanks again Kathy
 What a fun book . It is perfect for all ages , from little ones with their first puppy , to empty nesters . We picked one up when we got our new Puppy Toby , and have started to fill out the pages in detail . We wish we had one for Alex , our 14 year old Golden , that passed on in November . Many Thanks to Nancy Dewar and Marble .
 This is a wonderful book for anyone who loves their dogs as children . I bought one for our 3 year old adopted beagle , and am getting one for our daugher-in-law 's birthday for their rottie . You can personalize it as you wish , and I have included comic clippings -LRB- Marmaduke , Mutts , etc. -RRB- that are appropriate along with the photos and have created the beginning of a great book for my best friend that I will keep forever .
 West is only fairly judged by the breadth of his work . He has a special view of human nature and all its weaknesses .
 My 10-yr old granddaughter was engaged by this biography of Albert Einstein . She was struck by the fact that Einstein was considered dull as a student . She knew of him only as a brilliant mathematician . She is inspired by the story of a boy who appeared to be unsuccessful in grade school and yet who made a huge success of his later life by pursuing his passion . She loved the book .
 This is a very nice children 's biography of Albert Einstein . It provides a good portrait of the young man , Europe and what it might have been like to be him . Einstein was great at mathematics but poor in reading and writing . He suffered for it and almost was n't allowed to go on to higher education because of it . Einstein worked hard and was able to enter a university in Switzerland then flee to the United States as Hitler took over many European countries . A good story for kids .
 Very well written , and easy for a child to read and understand . Also quite inspirational .
 This was an ultimate book about Einstein 's life .
 A classic story based on history . One of Hypatia 's crimes appears to have been ready to provide a hypothesis of a heliocentric universe , long before Copernicus and with a much worse response from the Christian community .
 A refreshing , sunwarmed , beautifull change from the frozen steeps and plains of Ice Age Europe . A delightful story of a woman who must face and overcome immense odds to survive . The plot line moves in different ways from other `` Woman against the odds '' novels so it is a fresh and not predictable . A very good read and a much better choice over Jean Auel 's `` Shelters of Stone '' .
 It was fun to go back to a book read years ago . Creative and interesting . He was an imaginative author .
 This is one of my favorite books from high school that I had to read . I do not really like how the author writes but I enjoy the story line .
 The Scarlet Letter is truly one of literature 's greatest triumphs , its characters and themes reverberating in our collective consciousness more than 150 years after its initial publication . Few novels inspire as much contemplation and feeling on the part of the reader . Hester Prynne , American fiction 's first and foremost female heroine continues to haunt this world , inspiring a never-ending stream of scholarly debate . Even in our less puritanical age , some doubtless see her as a villainously great temptress , but to me she is a remarkably brave hero indeed . Her sin is known to all , and she never runs away from it , bearing the scarlet letter on her bosom bravely for all to see ; she realizes the true measure of that sin , fretting constantly over the effects it will have on young Pearl , remaining steadfast in her beliefs while at the same time envisioning a new society where women and men can exist on more equal terms , free of the stultifyingly harsh punishments meted out on even the most repentant of souls by Puritanism . She shows her noble spirit by refusing to name her partner in sin and goes so far as to allow the ruthless Roger Chillingworth to torment the man she loves deeply enough to protect him for all time . Little Pearl is somewhat of an enigma , truly manifesting traits of both the imp and the little angel ; her questions about the letter her mother wears and the minister who continually holds his hand against his heart reflect an insight that amazes this reader . Chillingworth is a thoroughly black-hearted man ; I can certainly understand the blow he sustained as a result of Hester 's sin , but his actions and thirst for prolonged revenge on the so-called perpetrator of the wrong he suffered can only be described as roguish and unpalatable.Of course , the most complex character in the novel -LRB- and literature as a whole -RRB- is the good minister Arthur Dimmsdale . One is compelled to both like him and despise him . He is basically a good man and an unquestionably fine soldier in the army of the Lord , winning many souls to God with his impassioned sermons . He is more aware than anyone else of his sinful nature , and he punishes himself quite brutally in private in a useless attempt to make up for the public ignominy he lacks the moral courage to call upon himself with a public profession of his deed . Dimmsdale is a coward and a hypocrite . At one critical moment in the latter pages of the novel , he blames Hester for his state of misery , and it is that comment in particular that makes this tragic character a man I can only commiserate with to a limited degree . Even at the penultimate moment of the novel , as he finally bears the mark of his shame and guilt for all his parishioners to see , the very men and women who have viewed him as a saintly man of God rather than the brigand he knows himself to be , he does not openly confess-his words and deeds do make plain the secret of his heart , but it is his lack of a thoroughly bold confession that causes some of his most devoted followers , so Hawthorne tells us , to blindly judge his final act as an illustrative parable on the danger of sin threatening each member of his congregation rather than an admission of guilt and self-condemnation .
 Nathaniel Hawthorne shows his expertise in delving into the human emotion
 Hawthorne 's `` Fanshawe '' was respectable and well done . But in his `` The Scarlet Letter , '' Hawthorne takes his writing to darker and more intense levels . The story starts with Hester Prynne being mocked and scoffed at in public for her crime of adultery . Her affair has resulted in an illegitimate daughter Pearl . And her penalty of death is reduced to wearing an A. Interestingly , if we read `` Dante 's Inferno , '' we know that adultery is virtually the LEAST punished sin in hell . Apparently none of the authorities read this . -LRB- `` Dante 's Inferno '' was written about 400 years before the events of `` The Scarlet Letter , '' so the authorities could have been familiar with it . -RRB- Moving on , Reverend Dimmesdale -LRB- Pearl 's unknown father -RRB- can not bring himself to confess , but he does clearly tell Hester she can name him if she chooses . She declines . It is interesting that Hawthorne keeps Pearl somewhat disturbed . -LRB- At one point , she rips flowers , throws them at Hester 's A , and dances every time she hits it . Another time she throws rocks at birds . -RRB- In comes Roger . -LRB- Step aside Othello . You 've been outsmarted , outstyled , and outclassed . -RRB- Hester is of course frightened that her husband Roger has found out about her affair . But Roger makes it clear that physical vengeance is beneath him . Interestingly , Roger wants revenge for himself , but to some extent he blames himself for what happened . Naturally , Roger wants to find out who Pearl 's father is , but Hester declines . Though Roger makes it clear that Pearl 's father has wronged both Roger and Hester . -LRB- Can we really deny this ? -RRB- Roger is by far the most intelligent and captivating character in the story . Rather than wanting revenge for himself , he seems to want revenge for both himself AND Hester . It does n't take the sharp Roger long to suspect that the now growing ill Dimmesdale is the father of Pearl . ButRoger is no Othello . He studies the situation as carefully as possible . And when he is certain , this is when his revenge kicks in . Dimmesdale despite his crime is still a human being . His remorse is great , and even when he tries to hint at how bad he is , his anxiety only increases . Why ? THE PEOPLE IN THE CHURCH LOVE HIM ALL THE MORE FOR IT ! He becomes even more of a hero for it . -LRB- Why not ? Fake heroes think they 're above everyone . A true hero admits he has faults . Modesty actually becomes a hero more . -RRB- And , this is where Roger 's revenge kicks in . Dimmesdale is growing more ill , and Roger -LRB- no simpleton like Othello -RRB- actually uses his medical skills to keep Dimmesdale alive . Roger is smart enough to know that keeping Dimmesdale alive is hurting him more than any physical revenge could have . One fault Hester has is that she does n't warn Dimmesdale about Roger . To be sure , she promised Roger she would n't reveal him as her husband , but she could have -LRB- without breaking her promise -RRB- warned Dimmesdale to avoid the dangerous Roger . It is interesting that in this story , there are no real heroes . Hester is too much of a back stage player ; Pearl is too disturbed ; Dimmesdale helps Hester keep Pearl from the authorities who want to take her away , but at best he arguably triumphs in the midst of his fault ; and even my favorite character Roger becomes too evil to be classified as the hero . It would seem even non physical revenge can leave one psychologically warped . Moving on , Hester and Dimmesdale feel that escaping to Europe is their only chance to escape Roger . But Roger -LRB- unlike Othello -RRB- is not so easily duped or defeated . The end explodes into a dark and frightening climax . Hawthorne cleverly avoids a happy cliche romance ending , but at the same time frees Dimmesdale from Roger 's evergrowing hate and fury . Roger sounds almost demonic when he says
 I read this book during a high school vacation . Although the long words and unconventional characters did not catch my fancy , the mystery involved in the story captivated me . As the story developed , I realized the profound intricacy of the plot . The conclusion of the story was not happy , nor did it even seem fair . As one who knows Hawthorne 's puritan morality standards , however , I say that he communicated his message extremely well .
 I have just finished reading `` The Scarlet Letter '' ; before school ended , my english teacher gave most of her students a letter from our future AP English teacher , and it exhorted us to read two books for the summer
 Beyond brilliant , The Scarlet Letter is in another sphere entirely.This book is incredibly profound , deep , spiritual , eerie , and , in the end a soul-quickening experience . Hawthorne took the romantic , gothic themes popular in his day and transformed them into a new genre , the psychological novel . It may take a few readings , but eventually you will * GET IT * and when you do , you will feel a chill go down your spine . Hawthorne is delving into the psychology of evil , and the ring of truth is so strong it can be a moving experience . But as i said , it may take a number of readings before it hits you . It 's kind of like those 3D drawings you must stare at until the picture resolves itself.Beside all this thematic content , Hawthorne is a master of the language , and his phrases are so delicious , I found myself repeating them just for the beauty of the expression . This book is to be read slowly , one sentence at a time . If you do n't understand it , read it again . You will get it eventually.The plot itself is just beautifully realized . Many of the scenes are played out with real pathos and heartbreaking realism . Though , one ca n't discount the symbolism which abounds in this book.Someone has said that nothing really happens in the book . That is really not the case , but H does take numerous side trips into the minds of his characters . In this sense he prefigures the moderns like Joyce and Faulkner with their stream of consciousness technique . It is true that one often gets the feeling that time has been stopped , and we are in a moral realm that presses us on all sides until we feel claustrophobic and stifled . This is H 's intent , to intimate the opressive moral imperatives , many societally coerced , that operate beneath the surface of our everyday business.While the book as a whole is a dreary , sad , almost mystical experience best read at night with a candle burning , the prologue is H at his most lighthearted . His descriptions of his fellow custom house employees are just delicious , and quite humourous . It makes a nice complement to the story . It is autobiographical up to the point where he finds the scarlet letter . That is a fictitious device he uses to introduce the novel . I believe the introduction -LRB- or prologue -RRB- was originally included to fatten up the book for publication . As it turns out , the prologue is one of H 's best works , and should NOT be skipped ! It can also be read on it 's own.Finally , if you want more Hawthorne , try the short stories , * Young Goodman Brown * and * Ethan Brand * . They are deep meditations on sin written as allegories . Do not read if you are prone to paranoia or schizophrenia . ; -RRB- Hawthorne anticipated the psychology of the unconscious half a century before Freud , and his insistence on the connectedness between spirituality , psychology and physiology anticipates modern wholistic medicine . Plus , as I said , he is one of the greatest stylists who ever lived . You can not really understand America , unless you 've read his works .
 I was not assigned to read this in high school , which is fortunate because I probably would have hated it back then . I used to think that anything written before the 1950 's was too old to be entertaining . But , happily this book proved otherwise . Hawthorne writes with a poetic rhythm that kept me so absorbed that I was stunned to see how quickly I finished . The story is surprisingly relevent even today because of its thoughtful distinction between moral values and human compassion.A few things , however , kept this book from being five-star worthy , the first being the introductory chapter entitled `` The Custom House '' . As eloquent as Hawthorne is , his words alone could not energize this ploddingly dull prologue . And speaking of eloquence , one occasionally gets the feeling that Hawthorne tries to lend too grand an air to unworthy subjects by forcibly inserting wordy descriptions . I had dictionary.com up constantly in an effort to decipher certain passages . Suffice it to say , my vocabulary nearly doubled after completing the book . One final , but minor , criticism concerns his excessive use of the words ` ignominy ' and ` tremulous ' . I admit , I got a little tired of seeing those on every other page.These faults aside , the book is well worth a read , and I would recommend it to anyone , provided one reads it freely of his/her own will and not out of necessity .
 Now I 've read the other reviews about people who were bored by this book because they had to read it for AP English , and that is in fact why I had to read this book , but rather than take a modern view at an older book and talk about how `` stupid it is to be embarassed by wearing a letter on your clothes '' , its better to not put books like this in a modern context . In that time villages were small , people very judgemental , and horribly cruel . And the fact that she had no friends or even a person to talk to and only a child to keep her company is truly sad . Now I got into AP English dreading the `` Summer Assignment '' and especially dreading have to read 2 BOOKS !! , but this book was truly great and I enjoyed it far more than expected . While it really is a tough a read , I would still recommend . I used the Cliff Notes to assist me in reading the book , and I found it to be excellent . The ending of the book was truly classic . If you 've never read this book , you should !
 WHen I finally started reading this classic , I was simply astounded by the alien beauty of the language
 As glad as I am to see in the reviews below that many high-school students have at least enough interest in reading to write a review , I am disheartened that so many of these high-schoolers have such difficulty in understanding the novel . As is usually the case , those who rated the book at one star do n't have a clue as to what the story is even about ; some have n't even finished the book ! Nevertheless , there seems to be an alarming trend -LRB- to me , at least -RRB- toward reading Cliff notes as a substitute to actually reading the novel itself . I fail to see how anyone could even hope to understand the intricacies and subtlety that Hawthorne has woven into his greatest work through some watered-down retelling . -LRB- I do n't particularly care for Cliff notes , but never mind that . -RRB- Being myself a high-school student , I feel that I must always try to represent the greater masses as something more than commonly believed , yet comments I have read lead me to wonder if the stereotypes are not more real than I have hoped . What I see when I look at the population is a group unable to understand and unwilling to try.To those who have lambasted `` The Scarlet Letter '' as being boring , slow , etc. , all I can ask is that you not review books that you do not understand . Without understanding , certainly , no work can seem worthwhile .
 I read this book for my 11th grade Lit class and I must admit the book was quite a shock . Many of the books I have read have been nothing more than an attempt at delving into the inner parts of the human soul . This book does much more than that . It depicts the struggle of a man with himself and an outside enemy . He commits one of the most unspeakable acts of the time and punishes himself constantly . He lacks the courage to confess his crime and goes through a period of mental and physical torture . He also faces the wrath a cruel and vicious enemy who lives for nothing more than to torture his victim . All in all I believe it was an excellent book and I would reccomend it to anyone .
 I am a junior in high school , and I just finished reading this book . Yes , the language and characters were stiff and formal , but at the time that this book was written , that was the convention . It is an excellent portrayal of the far reaching consequences of selfish sin , and the inner struggle that comes as a result of this sin . True , the characters had no depth , but this book was full of symbols and the characters are also symbols , representing different sins and evils , and the ways of dealing with said sins . The language does tend to bog down a reader , but remember that this was before authors began to write in the vernacular -LRB- Mark Twain , I believe , was the first -RRB- so the dialogue ends up sounding stilted and formal , especially from the children -LRB- Pearl , and the mudslinging ones -RRB- . I personally did not like this book , but that does not mean that it was not an excellent work of literature . This type of book simply does not appeal to me , I prefer writers equally as thought-provoking but who write with more colorful prose , such as Dickens , or Salman Rushdie . The fact that I did n't like this book does not keep me from seeing the merit of it . It 's an excellent book , though not quite a classic of the caliber of Macbeth or Great Expectations .
 I was given The Scarlet Letter to read in my 11th grade English class and , as opposed to some books we 've read , I was actually pleased . This novel is interesting and is a true look into the human soul . Hawthorne is not a humorous writer but he is a true to life one . He tells it like it is , including not only the strengths but the weaknesses of the human soul . Anyone who finds this book boring must be entirely niave or else the book was over their head . To those people I would suggest reading it again and this time actually TRYING to understand it .
 This is book is one of the greatest book I 've ever read . Although the word and language of the book is difficult , the text and the theme were simply amazing . Hester Prynne and Aruthur Dimmesdale are characters that can relate to the world today , a hidden secret waiting to be solved . It is a great love story . . just simply great .
 When Hester Prynne commited adultury with Aurthor Dimmesdale she was condemned to where the Scarlet Letter A on her bosom as a reminder to herself and o other around her about her harsh deed , mean while Roger Chillinworth , her husband , vowed that he would find out with whom Hester commited the sin . This was a great book because it is full of suspense and continuous sinning . The only problem with it is that it is fairly hard to read so much time and patience must be put into it .
 after years of sighing about the dull tedium of scarlet letter , i happened upon janey 's `` book report '' on the novel in kathy acker 's `` blood and guts in high school '' ... made me ashamed to have lamented hawthorne 's `` dullness '' ... if scarlet letter is putting you to sleep , try acker 's version -LRB- works better than coffee at illuminating the life of this novel -RRB-
 This novel is a wonderful novel , if you have the time , and open-mindedness to see why Hawthorn wrote the way he did . So what ! if he spent 20 pages on explaining about a D -- arm chair ! The person who complains about something like that , obviously dose n't see the reasoning behind such a writing ... and therefore lacks the necessary attitude to learn of such things . With that said ... The character of Roger Chillingworth , -LRB- I thought -RRB- , was one of great intrigue . His thought processes , and actions , -LRB- Even though they were morbid and evil -RRB- are all done with reason and intent . Unlike our dear Hester Prynne , who seems to run on emotion , like an old car runs on sulfer . As for the Rev. Aurthur Dimmesdale I believe him to be a self-centered hypocrite who finaly , does some actual good upon the end of the book . The story itself , is one of good writing and attention to detail . It was overall an excellent novel made of good talent , good characters , good writing , and of wonderful detail .
 I decided to read a good classic a couple of years ago , and picked up `` The Scarlet Letter '' . I read this book in one whole weekend and I enjoyed it . It is a little old-fashioned -LRB- because she 's the only one blamed for the adultery . . what about the father ? -RRB- , but it is still a good book . It was like a `` mystery '' to me because I did n't know who was the father was at first , until I got to the end , which turned out to be Rev. Dimmingsdale . I also found out that Hester 's husband was an evil man . This is a good book for anyone to enjoy .
 This book was in excellent condition for the price . Way cheaper than a book store .
 Nathaniel Hawthorne 's `` Scarlet Letter '' may be an old book , but its themes are as applicable today as they were when the book was first written . It tells the story of a young woman , Hester , who gives birth to a child , Pearl , that is the daughter of the preacher , Arthur Dimmsdale . Hester 's cold and calculating husband , Roger Chillingsworth , concocts ways of discovering the truth about Arthur and Hester 's relationship , which taxes the young preacher 's health greatly and ultimately leads to his demise . This classic of literature examines love , relationships , perceptions , and human actions . It proves that Hawthorne was a keen observer of human nature and was able to use his observations to write a legendary novel that is certain to retain its outstanding status far into the future .
 After reading this classic it makes you wonder what skeletons are worth bringing out of the closet in order to clear space . The hypocritical situation that occurs in this book would never happen in the present time would it ? Oh wait it does . Any political or highly esteemed official , athlete , or movie star can do what they want today just as easy as they could back then . If not even more so . They feel themselves invincible and untouchable by the consequences of inappropriate decisions . However , just like the priest , those individuals that try to fool us that they are who they are not will awake one morning to have all their sins broadcast to the world .
 Nathaniel Hawthorne , in writing The Scarlet Letter , took that which was considered so very taboo in the society and placed it in the household . He took a simple woman trying to escape her past , and a lonely man , who was also a preacher , and made them the models for the `` it could happen to anyone '' story.Many may say that Hawthorne 's writing is full of glitches , is slow , and perhaps too ornate and verbose at times - but I disagree . In my opinion , he was an author who employed almost every literary technique , and used it well . The first chapter is probably the most difficult to get through , since it seems so detached from the rest of the book , but for those who are looking closely , it is full of foreshadowing elements and in reproducing the structure of the society in which the story is about to take place - Hawthorne is forewarning us of the limitations of said society , of how these rituals will come to be bane of Hester Prynne 's existence , as the story unfolds.The story begins with Hester 's public shaming , and her being made to wear a ` Scarlet letter ' upon her bosom as a sign of her adulterous ways . Amongst the crowd , watching , is her husband Dr. Prynne , who now goes by the name of Roger Chillingworth . The plot is simple , Hester Prynne comes to live in a village near Boston , and there , she finds herself inexplicably for the town preacher . The town preacher , Reverend Dimmesdale , also falls in love with Hester . The husband , who was to follow Hester , a cruel and conniving man , is captured and considered dead which further fuels the level of intimacy between the Reverend and Hester . The result is an illegitimate child - although , Hester continually refuses to name the father of the child , for fear of the persecution that will result from this confession of her lover , the Reverend . While Hester remains ostracized from the society , her daughter and her both treated like the Plague , the Reverend wastes away with the guilt that he allowed Hester to take the entirety of the blame . He pines away for his love , and for his child , and becomes weak and disturbed . This only serves to add to the suspicions of Dr.Chillingworth , who is seeking to exact revenge on the man who had left his wife astray , and when he confirms his suspicions serves to fuel the Reverends self-hatred . The relationship between Hester and Dimmesdale is ever tender , but the relationship between Dimmesdale and his daughter Pearl is , although seemingly calm , tense and tortuous.Hawthorne paints his characters with such intensity , Hester 's love and her patience , Pearl 's innocence , Dimmesdale 's self-loathing and guilt , and Chillingworth 's jealousy and anger - and above all , the townsfolk 's constant judgments . The novel is a classic , written in the way of a classic , full of eloquent prose , rich commentary and extremely descriptive . It is a slow and meticulous read , but also a very satisfying one . If you can get past the slow pace , and the alliterations and allegory , you will find yourself reading of a beautiful tale about love , passion , guilt , redemption ... and above all , faith .
 This book is a masterpiece of not only American literature , but of world literature . Reading this book was the experience that showed me what good literature is . This is easily in my top three along with Fahrenheit 451 and The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn .
 As an English teacher , I always look forward to the point in the school year when my students ask me to name my favorite book . Every year , I see their puzzled expressions when I choose The Scarlet Letter . Perhaps Hawthorne 's masterpiece is out of place in our fast-paced world , our ridiculously simplistic culture where a book has no value unless Will Smith can play the hero in the movie version . If these criticisms of the novel are true , the fault lies with us , not with Hawthorne.The Scarlet Letter is a story of complexities - the complexity of love , the complexity of sin , and the struggle to find who you are in a society that demands conformity . How could anyone not identify with Hester , a woman whose only crime is in not covering up her mistakes as well as everyone around her does ? How could anyone not sympathize with Dimmesdale , a man trapped between who he is in private and the mask he wears when he steps outside his door?That anyone can criticize the book as too wordy is beyond me . Saying The Scarlet Letter is terrible because there is n't enough action is like sayingTransformersis a better movie thanCasablanca . The details in the novel are there for a reason . Hawthorne is creating a world , a Garden of Eden , where the choices facing his characters are not as simple as the one facing Eve , though the effects are just as devastating.As a reader , if all you look for in a novel is `` who did what , '' then try the latest slop on the bestseller list . The characters will all fall into neat categories , there will be some painfully obvious moral , and best of all , you wo n't have to think . But if you want to read a story that forces you to define who you are and what you believe , try classics like The Scarlet Letter . Trust me , you 'll find these books a more rewarding experience .
 I believe that this is a fantastic book for those who have more distinguished tastes . As for others , it is a slow read with challenging vocabulary .
 I have a vague recollection of being forced to read this in High School many years ago . I just finished re-reading the Scarlet Letter . In my opinion , the Scarlet Letter would be out of reach for many teenagers - like it was for me . Now I 'm older and wiser and have been reading classic literature in my bookclub for 15 + years . I have a greater respect for the SL and the new ground it was breaking in literature and I can appreciate the impact it had on future writers . In fact , the reason I picked up SL again was that I had learned that ` Moby Dick ' - by Herman Melville - was was dedicated to Hawthorne . So that peaked my interest as I think MB is likely the best American novel ever written.I think adultry is still a big issue . Anything that 's on the list of 10 commandments has pretty well served the test of time . Adultry is probably one of the commandments that many people have somekind of firsthand experience . So even though the story and characters seem archiac at times , many readers of SL can -LRB- or will -RRB- be able to identify with the guilt and angst at some time in their lives.So what about the guilt and angst ? The parts of the story most interesting to me were the one 's having to do with nature and the woods surrounding the small colonial village . The villagers were surrounded by nature along with the fear of the unknown . The Puritan settlers had brought with them their beliefs and systems into a new world that ` shielded ' them to an unnecessary extent to nature and the laws of nature . It seemed like the Puritans carried a very heavy moral burden that most were nor equipped to handle . Hester turned to nature to get direction as the village had shunned her and left her with no options . One of best line 's -LRB- I 'm paraphrasing -RRB- is `` Let God be the judge , people need to learn to forgive each other and get along . '' Hawthorne was in fact saying to the readers that these old 17th century Puritan beliefs were largely irrelevant by the late 1800 's . So toward the end of the SL I found a connection that I was seeking between Scarlet Letter and Moby Dick - namely the scenes with the sailors and ship merchants - how they were not morally bound to the land - as were the settlers - and enjoyed a freer existence - and it was accepted by most people . I think this became a point of departure for Melville and his many books on ocean adventures.If you did n't like SL today , do n't give up in literature as some of this stuff only gets better with time .
 Anyone who suffered through this book in high school , but has since developed a more mature intellectual curiosity and is willing to put in a little effort , will here find one of the most incredible rereading experiences the English language has to offer.A government official , his imaginative faculties deadened by years of dreary work in a Salem custom-house , shuts out the modern world and travels back in time two hundred years , using an old piece of emboidered fabric as a portal . Behold
 Nathaniel Hawthorne 's prose in `` The Scarlet Letter '' is slightly complex at first but his description of Boston and of the people during the Puritan era is vivid and strong . I disagree with an earlier reviewer that the book was boring . The description of the characters and of the situations they were undergoing was helpful . It made the story much stronger . The last three or four chapters were surprisingly suspenseful . It is a fantastic read.Moreover , `` The Scarlet Letter '' is a classic example of why social oppression is such a terrible thing . Thanks to the oppression of those times a child grew up without her father and a man died without ever having a real relationship with his daughter . One ca n't help but to think about the type of oppression -LRB- ie . sexual -RRB- that goes on today . This novel is a stark reminder of why oppression of any kind is really not worth it . When oppression exists in society , good people are always bound to suffer and all because of rigid , inhumane , socially conservative beliefs . Within its own context -LRB- Puritan era -RRB- , the novel delves into this topic in a very powerful way . I highly recommend it because its subject matter still applies today .
 Since the 1970s I have probably read this book at least three times . It is a powerful book about sin and redemption , guilt and pardon , and revenged and forgiveness . I will let other reviewers deal with the great literary themes presented within this novel , but for this review , I want to look at Rev. Arthur Dimmesdale , Hester 's lover and the father of Pearl.As an evangelical pastor , the character of Dimmesdale has always intrigued me . I can understand how godly men fail . I can understand how godly men can fall into sexual sin . Just because a man is called of God does not mean that he can not fall for temptation , especially sexual temptation , became sexual temptation is common to all men . A quick survey of biblical heros makes this point clear . For instance , David , who is described as a man after God 's own heart , certainly did not behave himself sexually . Aside from his adulterous affair with Bathsheba and the murder of her husband , David also , in addition to taking many wives , took to himself concubines for his sexual pleasure . One can argue all he wants about the cultural acceptability of such practices , but the fact remains that most Hebrew contemporaries of David did not take concubines , and although the Law of Moses does not directly address the concubine issue , the plan of God clearly states that God desires one man married to one woman for one life time.Back to Rev. Dimmesdale . Ok , the guy made a mistake . Two lonely young people fell in love and in the passion of the movement conceived a child . Sin happens . Even the godliest man can fail . The problem is not that he failed , but that Dimmesdale proved to be such a wimp about his failing . He allowed Hester -LRB- who was a better man than Dimmesdale -RRB- to bear the shame alone while neglecting his responsibility to his daughter Peal . Lets face it ; this guy was a wimp , not a man . Why did he not accept responsibility for his actions and take care of Hester and Pearl ? Instead , he sets on a course of self-destructive behavior that , in the end , leads to his death and abandonment of any responsibility to those whom he loved.Dimmesdale , get a life . Be a man . Quit whining and accept responsibility for your behavior - that is what a truly godly man does . Hester was a better man than Arthur any day .
 After reading `` The Scarlet Letter , '' I really wondered how such a strong woman was able to go through this kind of hardship and still be strong in her heart . Nathaniel Hawthorne is one of the best authors in all of literature , but he can really be one of the hardest authors to read . Once you pick up `` Scarlet Letter , '' do not turn away from his ample vocabulary . He is a really good writer and he knows what the reader wants to read about . Especially when he takes a woman and makes her the strongest of all the characters . I love his use of symbols throughout the novel , especially Pearl . She is one of the most captivating characters to read about . It is thought-provoking to sit and read about Puritan times and how things took place . I recommend this to anyone who not only has the time to read it , but also to those who enjoy a good story of what true love is all about .
 Another one of those texts that we hated in high school , one that was almost literally shoved down our throats . Then , it was a dry , dull tale of a Puritan woman who had a penchant for a minister 's black veil.Now , though , a few years later , it is clear that Hawthorne 's seminal novel is more than just a tragic love story . It is yet another `` defining '' piece of literature , this time centering on Puritanism and its eventual decline , a decline clearly evidenced when the women first see Hester leave her jail cell , Pearl clutched close to her chest . The older women condemn her , but the youngest of them seems indifferent , an air of what could be understanding about her.Hawthorne 's use of metaphor , symoblism , and the intriguing characterization of Hester , Chillingworth , and Dimmesdale as well as Pearl -- who herself is a symbol of change and hope -- serve to turn the mundane plot and two-hundred years of dust into an excellent work of art.We know who Pearl 's father is , and the ultimate moment in the novel is not when Dimmesdale exposes his breast and reveals his own scarlet letter ; it instead occurs during the juxtaposition of night and day , of Dimmesdale 's refusal to admit his guilt , of Chillingworth 's insidious insertion into Dimmesdale 's trust . `` The Scarlet Letter '' is not the best novel in existence , but it is worth the price of admission , and its overtones have an impact even today , addressing many social issues and resolving them in ways that echo biases and solutions of today .
 I chose to read this book because of its status as a classic in American literature . I chose to continue it because I looked with sympathy , horror , and amazement at the protagonist , the priest , the physician , and the illegitimate child . There were moments when I was downright afraid of the child , Pearl , and convinved she must be demonic . I regarded Roger Chillingworth , the antagonist , as a generally benign , justice-seeking man . The protagonist , in light of her background , appeared to have little to defend herself with.But as the book progressed , it became apparent that Hawthorne had painted the portraits of characters more human than many of the people I know ! Did Hestor Prynne utter words of -LRB- gasp ! -RRB- sexual liberation ? Or was that just my hindsight vision ? Could Mr. Dimmesdale really be such a coward ? Or was he truly a benevolent , if imperfect , man?In truth , regardless of what anyone else sees in The Scarlet Letter , I found a compelling story that encoruaged me to revaluate certain beliefs , and to enshrine others . No wonder it 's a classic!I highly recommend this book .
 This story is a moving representation of the dissonance that can be found between the human soul and society . Hester Prynne 's suffering is painful because the reader understands that though she feels the sin of her actions , it is society that has condemned her . She must forfeit her freedom to walk as an equal citizen of Boston , never allowed to forget the silent agony haunting her every moment.It is not only Hester who is affected by social expectations and custom ; it is eventually revealed to the reader that Hester 's crime affects those who surround her , which tells us how much of an impact a individual 's actions can have on another.Hawthorne 's novel displays this fallen , detached member of Puritan society , but counters it with the revolutionist , the demon , the wild rose of Puritan lifestyle -- perhaps hinting at the author 's dislike for Puritan attitudes . Hawthorne reiterates these two devices
 well a classic is a classic . a classic is a classic . What else can one say . I reread this book and it never fails . A great story . I can only hope this is a book That is taken to my heart and soul ,
 I always liked this book . The kindle version is kind of difficult to navigate but it does its purpose . I can still go back to my last read without any problem .
 I love everything about this book and highly recommend that every person read it ! It is such a great read !
 Needed this for my son 's AP English class his junior year of high school , I even read the books so it was well worth the cost .
 Free is good . It is a good book . I was happy to find it for free on my kindle app . Recommend .
 scarlet letter was a great book . Nathaniel Hawthorne is one of Americas greatest writers of all time . I also saw the movie with Meg Ryan .
 I hated reading in in High School . I re-read it as an adult and love it ! Its a story everyone should read .
 The book is set in Boston , Massachusetts , during colonial times . Hester Prynne , who is believed to be a widow -LRB- it 's thought her husband died at sea on his way to Boston -RRB- , gives birth to a little girl she names Pearl . Hester is convicted of adultery , and her punishment is to wear a scarlet letter `` A '' on her chest for the rest of her life . Since Hester refuses to name the father of the child , and he does n't come forward on his own , he goes unpunished , while Hester and Pearl become outcast in the town . Roger Chillingworth is a doctor who is a newcomer to the town . He is actually Hester 's husband , but no one knows that other than Hester . Chillingworth swears he will find out who Pearl 's father is and get revenge . Meanwhile , the Reverend Dimmesdale , who is Pearl 's father , is consumed with guilt about his sin and about the fact that he allowed Hester -LRB- and Pearl -RRB- to take all the punishment for it.I first read this book 20 years ago in high school and recently re-read it . I enjoyed it much more this time around . This is a very difficult book for a young adult to read . The pace is very slow , the vocabulary words are rather advanced , and the author is very wordy -- he takes half a page to say something that could be said in one sentence . Those reasons are why I only gave the book 4 stars , instead of 5 :-RRB- Still , it 's important to remember that the book was written over 150 years ago.Even with all those ` problems ' the story itself is wonderful . It 's a story of sin and the price that people pay for them , as well as the price that others are forced to pay for those sins . It 's a story of guilt and the effect it has on you . It involves difficult decisions -- do you admit your guilt and accept the punishment or do you hide it in an effort to still be in a position to do some good in the community ? And do you forgive someone who hid his guilt while you accepted complete punishment?It is a book that makes the reader think about some very hard issues . And that 's always a good thing .
 Hawthorne wrote a masterful work of historical fiction incorporating an examination of guilt , revenge and suffering in the context of Puritan Salem . Here is a book that speaks to any age about timeless themes . The Scarlet Letter is one of those books that may have force fed to one during grade school but revisited from the perspective of adulthood it is a very fine example of great writing from a true American master .
 A blazing scarlet letter `` A '' illuminates the shame and wickedness it symbolizes on the persistent Hester Prynne 's chest as she diligently stands before the curious village and its leaders . In her arms lies the direct consequence of her sin and only treasure is the crying baby Pearl . Amongst the restless villagers hides her partner in crime , secretly concealed under the blanket of his most respected profession . Despite the mocking glares and questionings of the crowd , Hester refuses to reveal his identity . But with all the pressure and Hester 's former husband evilly breathing behind his back , will the guilt of his shameful crime be more than he can manage to live through ? Penetrate into Nathaniel Hawthorne 's world of The Scarlet Letter ... Anyone who has the ability to read should look into this famous novel of sin , evil , knowledge , and the human condition . It clearly dominates in the literary world for its indescribable symbolism , depth , and diversity of characters . The Scarlet Letter has certainly earned its well-deserved place into the world of classic novels . ~ Jasna
 For those who enjoy audio books , and there are many of us -LRB- especially working mothers who are always on the go - taking our children to school , or a playdate , or commuting to our yoga or aerobics classes -RRB- , this is an impressive buy . The Scarlet Letter , written by Nathaniel Hawthorne , whose books explore the themes of guilt , is a striking romantic tragedy set in Puritan New England . The characters are well developed , each tinged with deep human emotion and conflict . The societal beliefs and superstitions of the people at the time provide Gothic elements . Again , one can make the argument that this is not only classic American literature , but Gothic romance.The Scarlet Letter revolves around Hester Prynne , a beautiful young early colonial woman who has recently ben married . Her husband has not yet arrived to the states from England -LRB- for some reason or other -RRB- and there is even rumors that he is dead . She loves the pastor of the community , Dimmesdale . Dimmesdale and Hester make love , committing the `` sin '' of adultery . When their relations are discovered through Hester 's pregnancy with his child , the Puritan society they are part of are in an uproar . They immediately brand her as a sinner , an adultress and imprison her -LRB- she even gives birth in prison -RRB- . As a reminder of her hell-bound deed , the elders sew a scarlet letter A -LRB- adultery -RRB- on her gown . She becomes a recluse , where she raises her daughter , Pearl , away from the people who have shunned them . Dimmesdale , is by far , the most troubled character . He is thoroughly immersed in guilt , and he must bear the hypocrisy of his crime . As a pastor , it is his duty to enligthen the people spiritually . He hides his sin , but punishes himself with physical torture each night , branding his own letter `` A '' with hot wax . The villain of the novel is not the Devil -LRB- who , contrary to the references made to the Devil , witches , etc -RRB- but the villainous Chillingworth , Hester Prynne 's husband.Chillingworth returns from England to discover that his wife has become an outcast for her adultery . Full of raging jealousy and the desire to extract revenge upon the transgressor , he makes it his sole mission to torture Dimmesdale and plunge him further into dark despair with guilt . He feigns a friendship with Dimmesdale , but he makes it possible to mentally punish him and to inflict him with emotional pain . This is the real sin , here , the violation of the human heart . Through Chillingworth 's constant torture of Dimmesdale , in addition to what seems like heavenly signs of condemnation -LRB- a comet passes in the sky leaving the letter A -RRB- , Dimmesdale becomes so full of pain and guilt , that he dies in Hester 's arms , announcing that he has committed the sin of adultery with her . The classic tale is read well and the cover is very striking . This can also make a nice gift .
 The Scarlet Letter is a novel that I enjoyed reading and gained much knowledge from . After reading this novel , I learned a lot about love and adultery and how the people in the seventeenth century responded to it and dealt with it . The story takes place in Boston where a passionate woman named Hester Prynne goes off and cheats on her husband , Roger Chillingworth . While he was in England , Hester Prynne was having an affair with the pastor of the town , Reverend Arthur Dimmesdale . Since he is the Reverend of the community , their love was to remain a secret even though they had brought a child into the world . Because Hester Prynne had committed adultery , she was forced by the townspeople to wear an embroidered letter `` A '' which was patched on her clothing right over her bosom . What you will read about in this novel is how Hester Prynne and Reverend Dimmesdale live through their struggles and what their daughter Pearl had to go through during her childhood . Be aware , it 's intense !
 This is for all the kids out there who have had to read this book for school and then written awful reviews of it here . Take a few years and PLEASE TRY AGAIN ! You will not be sorry . Hawthorne is a wonderfully subtle author , and while his writing might seem tedious at first , it will reward you . This is not just a book about adultery punished by a repressive society - it is about guilt and love , secrets and integrity , personal demons and responsibility . The story has true relevance in today 's world . And Hawthorne 's language is amazing . If anything he writes seems obvious , look again . He may not have said what you first thought . He often shows many sides of a situation and lets the reader draw his own conclusions . I never had to read The Scarlet Letter for school , but I have read it twice and will probably read it again soon . It is one of the few books that have really stuck with me and made me think . Like other great works of art , it will keep coming back to you . What it lacks in swift and exciting action , it more than makes up in the author 's great understanding of and compassion for his characters .
 The Scarlet Letter , by Nathaniel Hawthorne , is a beautifully written controversial novel . It really highlights many of the problems of society during the time when the puritans had power up until present day society . The issues brought up include sexism , sexual morality , religion , and a line between what is considered right and wrong . Hawthorne shows the struggle of women in a society that is solely based on religion , the obstacles that have to be overcome in a situation of love vs. society , and the strength a single person can have to stand up for what they believe in when everyone else tells them they are wrong . Hester Prynne , the female protagonist , maintains many admirable traits and does not let society get the best of her . She comes to set up in Boston , which was then a puritan colony , while her husband takes care of business in Europe . While awaiting his arrival , Hester has an affair with Reverend Dimmesdale and falls in love with him . The consequence of this affair put restraints on Hester when she becomes ` with child ' . Society ridicules her and makes her wear an A -LRB- adulterer -RRB- sewn into her clothing so every person will scorn her because of her sin . An inspirational strength is shown in Hester when she wears the A like a badge of honor . This shows her overpowering the standards of society and that she is not ashamed of her actions just because people tell her that she should be remorseful . Hawthorne integrates many ideas together that make this novel intriguing . His word choice strings together pictures and feelings to the scenes in his writing . The situations that many of Hawthorne 's characters endure are ones that many people can relate to today in the 21st century .
 I had a friend who used this for one of her dissertations . If you 're one who enjoys classic literature then there are few works that top this book . The symbolism of this relatively short novel gives Hawthorne the ability to write a story with an incredible amount of depth . One of my favorite things about Hawthorne is his focus on characters . The development of all the key characters is simply amazing ! Grief and religious zeal are obviously major conflicts and themes in the work , but that 's just barely scratching the surface . This is just one of those books that you can take so much out of and still find that there is more to learn about it.I 'll warn you now , if you have n't already read this book , this is not for everyone . Hawthorne writes pretty densely , and so if you 're not one who enjoys that style then look for a different book . He is known for creating very vivid scenes and part of that means that he spends a large amount of time describing the setting . If you do n't mind to reading about what the room looked like or Hester 's prowess with a needle then you 'll find that Hawthorne weaves a lot of symbolism in with those descriptions.There is so much to say about this book that I do n't know where to begin or end . It is a great work done in the spirit of early American movement of transcendentalism . Nature is a major component of this work while the corrupting tendency of society is demonstrated through the near-fanaticism of early American religious communities . THE SCARLET LETTER is a brilliant and powerful work . There are very few authors who are as capable of developing characters as believably , or effectively for that matter , as Hawthorne does and this work is his masterpiece in regard to character development . If you 're interested in reading classic literature and do n't mind that such books tend to be dense then this is a must read . There are so many layers to the book but the story line still maintains an extremely exciting structure . The last few chapters are simply brilliant in regard to power and emotion that they bring to the plot . This is a classic for a reason !
 I was quite pleased with the condition of this book , as well as it 's hardcover , and the footnotes , definitions , and reading reviews for beginner readers of the genre . I am , of course , a huge fan of the Scarlet Letter itself and this copy served its purpose well . One of the few disappointments was that the color of the cover seems to look a little more coral , or pink , than scarlet or red . Also , the back cover is white , and I am most definitely one for appearances . I would have like a slightly more classic looking cover . Nonetheless , the binding will look fair on my bookshelf . Over all the book was clean and well taken care of , and was shipped to me with great haste ; A Good Buy .
 I have no less than fifty books literally waiting on the shelf in my bedroom for me to read them . Sometimes when I 'm in the middle of a less-than-fantastic book for a review , I look longingly at that shelf and then hurry myself along -LRB- I 'm also a one-at-a-time kind of girl -RRB- . So , when I finished the book last week and needed something to read , it should n't have been hard to pick something . I surprised myself by reaching for my Nathaniel Hawthorne collection and opening up to The Scarlet Letter.I read -LRB- or skimmed -RRB- The Scarlet Letter in high school . B-O-R-I-N-G ! After I fell in love with The Peabody Sisters -LRB- which I highly recommend to anyone who enjoys biographies and literature -RRB- several years ago , I was anxious to try some more Hawthorne -LRB- he was married to the youngest Peabody sister -RRB- . I started The House of the Seven Gables but put it aside when I just could n't get into it after fifty pages . Even though I really really wanted to like Hawthorne , I figured it was hopeless.Perhaps I just was n't ready or mature enough then . I devoured The Scarlet Letter this time . I was enthralled and fascinated with the story , themes and the beautiful language -LRB- makes reading most novels now seem like fifth grade work -RRB- . I almost wish I was back in high school college so that I could discuss it with a group . I definitely have some ideas to contribute this time . And I apologize to my mom 's friends -- I should n't have laughed when I heard you were reading it for book club.It just goes to show , that some books are worth another try .
 I have been trying to find a good movie to watch as well , do not see any that is not so expensive . this is a good book to read . I have lots of classics and they are good books to read on my kindle while commuting to work or on my lunch break .
 I really enjoyed this book . It shows the judgmental tendencies in our human race and how one woman strove to live a life of service to others to gain redemption for her mistake . Ca n't go wrong with the classics .
 This is an old classic that is still enjoyable as a modern read . I was not looking forward to reading another story about adultery , but like many other readers , I was forced to read the story . My daughter uploaded it to my Kindle and constantly pressured me to read it , and I was glad I finally gave it a chance . Once I began I could n't put it down ! I found it so lovely and enjoyable . Highly recommend !
 I do n't suppose anything can ruin a book more than being required to read it in school . While it is true that some books overcome this at the time they are first read , others can take years before the reader is able to stomach reading them again . For myself , Nathaniel Hawthorne 's `` The Scarlet Letter '' falls into that category . Though I had already come to respect the work again , I never got around to re-reading it until I saw it was available as a free download for the Kindle . As with all the free downloads , it is a bare-bones edition , but there is nothing wrong with that since the book stands on its own . Published originally in 1850 , it is an historical romance which takes place in Puritan New England during the 1640s . The book opens with the somewhat autobiographical introductory work called `` The Custom House '' . Of course it is also fiction in that he did not find a scarlet letter or the roll of paper which contained the story while working there . One could easily read the rest of the book without this section , but it does offer some insight into the author and his perspective.The story itself is well written , and Hawthorne integrates several major themes into the work , such as sin , guilt , punishment and foregiveness , etc. , which add to the enjoyment . Also key to the story are the characters . Hester Prynne is the woman who must wear the scarlet A. Roger Chillingworth is her husband who comes to town from the Netherlands as Hester is being publically shamed , and he is determined to find and torment the father of Pearl , whom he determines is Arthur Dimmesdale , the respected minister who is torn apart by his guilt.At times Hawthorne has been bashed by critics , but at this point he has stood the test of time . Though I would n't consider him the great American writer , he is one who should be read and `` The Scarlet Letter '' is certainly his most famous , if not his greatest work .
 This is a great classic read . Listed in the free ebook category . Worth it to purchase as well to catch up on classics you may have missed or want to read again
 This novel is an Opera , pure and simple.Granted it is not the easiest novel to read , and Hawthorne can be slightly repetitive with the metaphors , similes and analogies that sometimes go on for several lines . Not to mention you could probably read half of each chapter and still keep up with the plot.Nonetheless , the themes are so strong it is no wonder The Scarlett Letter has been deemed a classic . The story tackles the issues of how one deals with his/her sins , and how honesty , for some , comes at the price of great shame.The novel does take patience , but it moves along at a very neat pace . Had the novel been written with more scenes , and less exposition , it could have been even more gripping.I read the Reader 's Digest edition , which comes with about 12 lovely illustrations , which capture the essence and the mood of the novel . So that was nice eye candy.Look out for the last three chapters - talk about a fall-to-the floor , clutching-at-the-heart climax ; it 's all here ! Breathtaking!Enjoy .
 this book is womderful i enjoyed it there was only one thing that i didnt like much about this book and that is that the way they treat people just because they do adultry
 I have long wanted to read this book by Nathaniel Hawthorne . It was one of the first books I downloaded when I got my kindle 2 . The character portrayals are superb . It analyses the thoughts , motivations , strengths and weaknesses of the four major characters in the story - Hester Prynn , the vengeful doctor , the hapless minister and Hester 's vivacious and elf-like daughter Pearl . The description of the little girl and how she copes with being ostracized with her mother by a rigid puritanical society , is especially moving . While there are some descriptions of nature that are quite vivid , most of the text goes into developing these four characters and is a fascinating psychological study , though at times it 's little slow.Overall , a well-crafted story and a good read.The book though is hard to navigate on the kindle because it has no active table of contents . I therefore would not purchase this version at regular price . Luckily , it 's free !
 Like many reviewers here , I was `` forced '' to read this book for my English Composition class . However , unlike many reviewers here , I have a much different view of the story . As some people have said before , Hawthorne 's book takes a good deal of concentration , effort , and strength to understand . Not only to understand , but to finish . The story can drag sometimes , it is true , and Hawthorne 's style of writing occasionally leaves something to be desired -LRB- I do n't think I 've ever seen that many commas , 15 letter words , or page long paragraphs before -RRB- , but we simply must look past these minor issues . Overall , the plot is highly creative and intense , despite the writing . \ Ok , ok , I agree that the first chapter , `` The Custom-House '' , was pretty bad . In fact , it was so bad and boring that I drifted off to sleep several times while reading it ! The first chapter has little relevancy with the story , so , unless you have to , I would suggest skipping that part of the text . The rest is exceptionally good , and the quality of the plot can not be overlooked . My advice is to just lay off the first chapter ; that way you 'll be able to enjoy the rest of the book without difficulty.The story itself deals with sin and adultery , a subject that is n't very popular right now . Hawthorne does an excellent job of telling us about this , but he leaves the reader with many questions floating around in his mind at the conclusion . At the end of the story you 're not 100 % sure if Hawthorne was condemning the Puritan society , or if he was commending it . He leaves that for the reader to figure out , which is a thing authors seldom do . That 's a major reason I believe this work is so unique and timeless.The story involves a women named Hester Prynne , living in the New World in the late 17th century . She has committed adultery with someone unknown , and , since the Puritan society considered the Bible to be their ultimate source of law , the punishment was quite severe for such an act . Hester is forced to wear a scarlet `` A '' -LRB- for adultery -RRB- on her attire at all times , as a sign to everyone that she has sinned deeply . And so she must carry out the rest of her life this way . That 's the major gist of the plot , although there 's much more . I wo n't give it anyway , though , you 'll have to read the book to find out.Let 's face it
 `` All have sinned and fall short of the glory of God , '' might well be Nathaniel Hawthorne 's theme in The Scarlet Letter . Certainly , by all community standards Hester Prynne 's adultery is a sin . Worse yet Arthur Dimmesdale has triply sinned since he has had carnal knowledge of a member of his flock , and through a deep and abiding cowardice has failed to acknowledge his sin ; and what is even worse yet , he allows Hester to bear the weight of public condemnation alone.However the worse sin of all belongs to Roger Chillingworth , Hester 's husband who is not dead at all , but returned in disguise as a physician who has learned the efficacy of various medicinal concoctions from the Indians during his captivity . He pretends to befriend Dimmesdale in order to extract his long and torturous revenge . But it is Chillingworth 's character itself more than anything that marks him as the worse of the sinners . He lives only for revenge and to give pain and suffering . He cares nothing for his wife and her child . He cares nothing for anyone , not even himself . He lives only to avenge.Dimmesdale 's sin is that of a weak character . In a sense Dimmesdale is Everyman , the non-heroic . We see the contrast between the proud bravery of Hester and the all too human weakness of Dimmesdale who can not bring himself to confess his sin , but looks to her strength to do it for him . We see this in the first scaffold scene as he pleads along with Chillingworth for Hester to reveal the father 's identity . `` Reveal it yourself ! '' we want to say.While some have seen Chillingworth as the devil incarnate -- and indeed I suspect that was Hawthorne 's intent -- it might be closer to the truth to see him as the vengeful God of the Old Testament with his lust to mysterious power and his desire to see the sinful suffer . At any rate , Hawthorne 's masterpiece -- and it is a masterpiece , one of the pillars of American literature , to be ranked with such great works as Melville 's Moby-Dick and Twain 's The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn -- is about sin and the effect of sin ; and this is only right since the central tenet of Christianity itself is sin and the forgiveness of sin.By employing and investigating deeply three types of sin -- Hester 's from love and even something close to innocence ; Dimmesdale 's from lust , pride , neglect and cowardice ; and Chillingworth 's from hate -- Hawthorne came up with a most felicitous device for examining the human soul.The Scarlet Letter is regularly taught at the high school level , but surely this is a mistake . The novel is difficult and challenging even for honors students . The architectured sentences , with their points and counterpoints , their parallel construction , their old school rhetorical cadences are strange and even wondrous to the modern eye . It is a good practice for the teacher and for the student to read aloud Hawthorne 's prose so as to grow accustomed to his words the way one must for Shakespeare . If this is done and the edifice of Christianity and especially the fatalism of the Puritan mind brought to bear , then with leisurely pace and a steady concentration , the terrible beauty of Hawthorne 's novel might be made immediate.Although the story itself is compelling , and the prose rich and poetic , the real strength of this great novel is in its characters . How true to life are all of them including even little Pearl who is defiant and willful in her beauty and her promise , so like a heroine-to-be of a modern novel . And how despicable and loathsome is this bent old man who embodies the very soul of the despised ! And how attractive on a superficial level is this pretty young pastor whose actions are not the equal of his looks . And how strong and faithful and heroic is Hester who invites both envy and admiration , something like a flawed goddess of yore.What stuck me when I first read this , and remains with me today , is that it is those who presume to punish sin who are the real sinners . Chillingworth 's life is one devoid of human feeling , devoid of any real joy as he lies in the stone cold bed of hatred and revenge . And to a lesser extent so it is with Dimmesdale who can not forgive himself , who secretly flagellates himself so that his life becomes a hell on earth . On the other hand there is Hester who finds forgiveness and love with good works and in the joy of her beautiful and precious Pearl and in her unstinting love for Dimmesdale and her hope and faith that a better life will come.This is a deeply Christian novel although it is usually seen as a criticism of Christianity in the sense that the Christian community condemns the least of the sinners while the hypocrisy of its clergy is made manifest . Looking deeper we see that it is forgiveness of sin and the redemption that comes from good works that is exemplified . Hester knows the joy of life because she is a loving and giving person ; and on another level she is forgiven because we the reader forgive her . How could we not ? And most of the Puritan flock also forgave her since it came to be said that the scarlet `` A '' she wore upon her person stood not for `` Adultery '' but for `` Able . `` It is also good to realize that when Hawthorne published the novel in 1850 the scene of the story was nearly two hundred years removed . Thus Hawthorne looked back at Puritan America from the standpoint of a more secular society greatly influenced by Jeffersonian deism and the transcendentalism of Emerson and Thoreau . In some respects , Hawthorne 's brilliant treatment of the ageless theme of sin , guilt and redemption was a serendipitous , even unconscious , artifact of his literary skill . No artist composes a masterpiece without some deep talent at work independent of his conscious efforts .
 I think the many readers who were forced to partake of this classic were angry at their English teacher for making them read a book so wordy , detailed , and archaic in language . Many of the reviewers ' complaints are about the author 's style , which is definitely an acquired taste . Hawthorne does n't merely give you a scene ; he tries to tell you what time it is , how and why it is happening , and what each character is thinking as they enter the room . In this way , this can be a turn off to a leisurely reader ; it may even be a turn off to an avid reader . The bottom line is that The Scarlet Letter , maybe more so than any other classic , is definitely a matter of style . I tend to admire the book because I can over look some of Hawthorne 's unorthodox styles and look for a deeper meaning ; if you happen to feel this way , great , if not , then maybe it just was n't your kind of book.The main subject in The Scarlet Letter is sin -- but not only the sin of adultery -LRB- Hester and Dimmesdale -RRB- . There is also the sin of jealousy and revenge -LRB- Chillingworth -RRB- as well as the sin of hypocrisy and gossip -LRB- Puritan community -RRB- . Hawthorne 's opinion of the hypocrisy of the Puritans seems to be illustrated in the opening scene with Hester coming out of the prison door we hear the Puritan women making besmirching comments about Hester , and one even wanting death for Hester because of her sin -- this reaction from a do-good community ! The main crux of the story though , as alluded to , is about Hester and Dimmesdale 's sin of adultery , and , more importantly , how each of the two protagonists deal with their sin . While Hester 's sin is spread out in the public eye of the New England community , and she is shamed publicly , Dimmesdale 's sin is hidden , as no one except he , Hester and Chillingworth knows about it . In this way , there are two very paths that follow for Hester and the Reverend Dimmesdale . Hester , after her initial public humiliation and shame , begins life anew , and is able to find a hobby -LRB- that of a seamstress -RRB- to make ends meet , and her suffering seems to make her able to take on the challenges in life . She is able to deal with the questions and mischievousness from her daughter Pearl , and seems to implore Dimmesdale , who is obviously overcome with guilt , to forget their sin and live free . Dimmesdale , on the other hand , takes his sin very harshly , and not only feels he must punish himself for it , but physically becomes a shell of his former self . Still , Dimmesdale has a remarkable power to still give amazing sermons to the community , even with guilt . Chillingworth , Hester 's ex-husband , enters the scene early in the book , and begins to `` peck '' away at Dimmesdale , knowing full-well that he can break him down mentally and physically with such a weight on his shoulders . During the scenes where Chillingworth is probing the mind of Dimmesdale , there seems to be a symbolic parallel between Chillingworth and the devil -LRB- there are several references to Chillingworth being the `` black man '' in the novel -RRB- . Dimmesdale ca n't save himself physically , but he can spiritually . Hester emerges as the novel 's hero , mainly because she sheds her former faults , and becomes a stronger person in the process.The Scarlet Letter is definitely `` heavy '' reading . It might take you a few times to get through a few of the chapters . But , alas , persevere , and you may find it worth reading . And , take some advice
 I enjoyed reading The Scarlet Letter . I was not forced into by a Literature teacher ; I picked it up on my own because I heard it was a great American classic ; and , indeed , I have to agree . It is truly timeless . It has been almost five years since I have read this book and I can remember the scenes and words so vividly . Hawthorne 's dizzying imagery provides an adventure into the life of a Puritan woman , Hester Prynne , that one does not soon forget.Hester , practically abandoned by her husband is left to take care of herself in a lonely new world . She is flesh and bone with desires and passions like any other human being . Hester commits adultery and is found out by a cruel , judging community . She must wear a Scarlet A on the front of her dress ; A for Adultery . Hester refuses to give the name of her lover Dimmesdale so he goes free and untouched by the damning society , but must face the tortures of his own conscience.Hester is humiliated and must suffer the consequences for her actions but she is not a broken woman . She stands , brave.Dimmesdale comes through in the end and admits his role in the dangerous game . Hawthorne takes the readers on a spinning ride to get to this point . Read it and know the exact ending for yourself . I recommend it ; highly .
 I loved this book ! I could really feel for the characters , who each had a special quality that made them who they were . This is a must-read !!
 The Scarlet Letter is truly one of literature 's greatest triumphs , its characters and themes reverberating in our collective consciousness more than 150 years after its initial publication . Few novels inspire as much contemplation and feeling on the part of the reader . Hester Prynne , American fiction 's first and foremost female heroine continues to haunt this world , inspiring a never-ending stream of scholarly debate . Even in our less puritanical age , some doubtless see her as a villainously great temptress , but to me she is a remarkably brave hero indeed . Her sin is known to all , and she never runs away from it , bearing the scarlet letter on her bosom bravely for all to see ; she realizes the true measure of that sin , fretting constantly over the effects it will have on young Pearl , remaining steadfast in her beliefs while at the same time envisioning a new society where women and men can exist on more equal terms , free of the stultifyingly harsh punishments meted out on even the most repentant of souls by Puritanism . She shows her noble spirit by refusing to name her partner in sin and goes so far as to allow the ruthless Roger Chillingworth to torment the man she loves deeply enough to protect him for all time . Little Pearl is somewhat of an enigma , truly manifesting traits of both the imp and the little angel ; her questions about the letter her mother wears and the minister who continually holds his hand against his heart reflect an insight that amazes this reader . Chillingworth is a thoroughly black-hearted man ; I can certainly understand the blow he sustained as a result of Hester 's sin , but his actions and thirst for prolonged revenge on the so-called perpetrator of the wrong he suffered can only be described as roguish and unpalatable.Of course , the most complex character in the novel -LRB- and literature as a whole -RRB- is the good minister Arthur Dimmsdale . One is compelled to both like him and despise him . He is basically a good man and an unquestionably fine soldier in the army of the Lord , winning many souls to God with his impassioned sermons . He is more aware than anyone else of his sinful nature , and he punishes himself quite brutally in private in a useless attempt to make up for the public ignominy he lacks the moral courage to call upon himself with a public profession of his deed . Dimmsdale is a coward and a hypocrite . At one critical moment in the latter pages of the novel , he blames Hester for his state of misery , and it is that comment in particular that makes this tragic character a man I can only commiserate with to a limited degree . Even at the penultimate moment of the novel , as he finally bears the mark of his shame and guilt for all his parishioners to see , the very men and women who have viewed him as a saintly man of God rather than the brigand he knows himself to be , he does not openly confess-his words and deeds do make plain the secret of his heart , but it is his lack of a thoroughly bold confession that causes some of his most devoted followers , so Hawthorne tells us , to blindly judge his final act as an illustrative parable on the danger of sin threatening each member of his congregation rather than an admission of guilt and self-condemnation . It upsets me to see readers who do not appreciate this novel as one of the earliest and best American classics , a novel that contributed greatly to the establishment of a literary culture in the young country . The language is of a more florid style than today 's readers are used to , but this novel is in no way boring . Hawthorne paints some of the most vivid scenes of human drama I have ever witnessed ; he writes in such a way that you are there in colonial Boston watching the story play out before your very eyes , struggling to come to terms with your own feelings in regard to such complex and sometimes inscrutable characters . The climactic chapter is truly and deeply moving , more than capable of bringing tears to the eyes of the sensitive soul . The Scarlet Letter is just a brilliant , gripping , thoroughly human novel that I wish everyone could appreciate as much as I do .
 One of the American classics , THE SCARLET LETTER tells of a woman named Hester Prynne in late 17th century who committed the then-unforgivable sin of adultery . She had been living in Boston for two years and had been found guilty of bearing a child -LRB- Pearl -RRB- by an unknown father . As punishment for her sin , Hester was forced to wear a scarlet A -LRB- adultery -RRB- on the bodice of her dress and to stand on a public scaffold before Boston 's townspeople.The opening chapter `` Custom House '' seemed irrelevant to the rest of the novel the first time I read the book . It was not until a couple of years later I found it not true when I re-read the novel . I do have to admit that Hawthrone 's writing style can drag at times , the once-seemed boring opening chapter significantly set the mood for the rest of the novel . `` Custom House '' does not seem to be an integral part of the story ; yet the passage in which Hawthrone tells of having discovered , in the Salem Custom House , the faded scarlet A and the parchment foolscap sheets containing the facts which he says he used as the basis for this novel . The two landmarks mentioned at the beginning
 Just look at a portrait of him as a young man , note the noble brow , the handsome features , the sensitivity , how romantic ... . Curl up with this book and let Nathaniel tell you his tale in his beautiful poetic language . This is a book to be read quietly , alone , not in an airport lounge or on the subway , but preferably in a beautiful garden or sunroom with the windows open . Let the beauty of his language flow over you and transport you back in time.It is over 200 years since Nathaniel Hawthorne was born in Salem Massachusetts , his great great grandfather officiated at the Salem Witch Trials . He was both disturbed and intrigued by his ancestry . One day when working at The Custom House in Salem to make ends meet as a struggling young author , he discovered in one of the upstairs rooms some dusty old boxes , on opening them he found them to contain relics from the past , long since forgotten . Yellowing documents and an intriguing piece of embroidery , a scrap of faded and torn material with the letter A embroidered on it . He picked it up , and while wondering what it was , he held it up to his chest , and at that moment he claims to have felt a burning sensation which caused him to drop the piece of cloth . It gave him inspiration for this story along with documents he found about a woman called Hester Prynne.The scene he sets so vividly is somewhere around 350 years ago 150 years before he was born . In a time when behavior to which we can hardly be bothered to raise an eyebrow was in that day considered a punishable sin . A disgrace for life . Branded by having to wear a scarlet letter on the chest for all to see.It is a feminist novel , -LRB- Nathaniel Hawthorne supported women 's rights -RRB- . Briefly , the protagonist Hester Prynne has a child from an adulterous relationship and refuses to name the father . Her husband a physician much older than she has never been a `` proper '' husband to her so she had looked elsewhere for love . The husband vows to find the father of the child , and in exchange for her freedom makes Hester swear she will never disclose who her husband is . Her husband being a physician quickly deduces who the father is from the way he is wasting away under his burden of guilt . He sets about a long period of torment of the young man of which Hester is aware but can say nothing because of her promise . Finally she has had enough and decides to come clean , shaming the devil , -LRB- her husband -RRB- and redeeming the young man . I do not want to spoil anything by divulging the name of the father of the child in case you do not know.This is such a simple and brief account it would make Nathaniel wince to read it . There is so much more to the story . It states in the blurb that it is a psychological novel before there was a science called psychology . The way the characters in the story interact with each other , the symbolism , the different values of the day from Nathaniel 's day , and then again to this day . The religious aspect in Puritan times , the emotional ups and downs as you empathize with first one and then another of the characters . It is a wonderful story and well deserving of its position as one of America 's great classics .
 I just finished reading this book -LRB- found a copy on the internet -RRB- and must say it was quite a story . I think readers young and old can enjoy this book , but if you 're in high school and your school has only fed you those soppy , milktoast pieces of so-called English lit , I must tell you that you should probably look elsewhere for Winter Break reading . On the other hand , if you 're a somewhat linguistically precocious high school student and are well-acquainted with other authors of this genre , you will find this book a quick read and beneficial to your high school studies for a number of reasons . One . You will now understand those vague references your friends make when they call you Hester Prynne under their breath . -LRB- okay , so maybe that 's just me . -RRB- Two . All that Puritanical `` nonsense '' from American history will make a heck of a lot more sense now that you understand in a more emotional sense what impact Puritan morals had on gender roles in colonial New England , etc. . Three . Your English teacher will appreciate the fact that you went out of your way to read something that was n't Tom Clancy or Michael Crichton . Four . If you 've been having a hard time with your college app essay , you now have a great topic for the one about who you 'd like to meet and why . -LRB- Pick either Hawthorne or Prynne -- but please , be intelligent . -RRB- Anyhow , if you 've got over two brain cells , this book is an intense and very speedy read . And you 're not likely to confuse it with any other literature , like I so often do with Pride and Prejudice and Sense and Sensibility or Wuthering Heights and Jane Eyre . So read this book . You 'll be glad you did .
 A friend of mine called this book ponderous ; she read it in 8th grade . Go back to this one ; I keep returning to it myself . Maybe it 's in response to my parents ' divorce . And how Hawthorne handles adultery -- not the danger and desire , but the punishment and crime . Hester 's story begins outside the jail house . An American sex crime . Read it as such . Trust Dover for a good , cheap reprint .
 Nathanial Hawthorne is a wonderful writer , if gloomy . I have read quite a few of his books because of how much I enjoyed this one . This is his masterpiece , although some of his other books are worth a read as well . This book is chilling because of his mastery of language and characterization . He explores sin , alienation and spiritual regeneration as he tells the tale of a Puritan woman -LRB- Hester Prynne -RRB- who has an adulterous affair with a minister . We see the ripple effect that this illicit affair has on Hester and her lover , as well as Hester 's husband , and most disastrously , her daughter Pearl . We see the effect that being ostracized has on Hester herself . This is visibly pictured by the scarlet A that she is forced to wear , but the effect that this has on her psyche and the way that she finds to cope with this estrangement show how strong a human being can be if pushed to it . This is a great book , and I recommend it highly .
 I read the Scarlet Letter last year for English and found it to be one of the most increadible stories I have ever read . Symbolism abounds in the forms of Pearl and Chillingsworth ; even the scenery comes alive to tell this tale of love , atonement , and revenge.Don ' t come into this book looking for action , there is n't any . Instead , there are intense mental conflicts between the characters , making for some exciting and powerful scenes . Hawthorne 's uses a great deal of description , mostly to create symbols , but also just to allow you to imagine yourself in the time and place
 How could anyone call the plot of this timeless story mundane ?! This story is timeless as anyone in our age of technology who has had a baby out of wedlock can attest to the social ignominy they immediately endure , whether by their own church or by the Puritan bred society we live in . Some things do not change . The central figure Hester Prynne must stand on the public scaffold with her fatherless child and endure the silent reproach of her peers and town fathers , putting on a good front of indifference while also serving as a means of perverse entertainment for the crowd gathered round . Hawthorne makes the public shame of the scaffold felt in his rich skill with words that resurrect the cold , disapproving world of the Puritan . The Romans had the colliseum , the Puritans had the scaffold ! Some will find the reading heavy , bogged down with a rambling of words . Others who want to rekindle what it meant to tell a story in Victorian times will enjoy the rich prose , each sentence carefully composed to the point the reader feels Hawthornes throbbing pity for the fallen Hester Prynne and her undisclosed lover - which will remain so here in case anyone has not read the book yet . The narrative voice is one of sympathy for the doomed lovers and the innocent child Pearl , and at the same time one of grudging empathy towards the Puritan fathers who given the age , did only what they felt was right in condemning a woman of wicked ways , but not so wicked that they stop purchasing her fancy laces and superb skill with the needle . The hypocrasy of the Puritan way of life is easily discerned within three chapters . Hawthorne 's own grandfather had been party to the Witch Trial period , having sat in judgement over a woman condemned to hang . His interest in the human turmoil the strict Puritans must have endured is evidenced in his writing of the poor Rev. Dimmsdale , caught between the dark presence of the physician Roger Chillingsworth 's snake like vigil , the blind devotion to him from the townspeople as a living saint , and his desire to help Hester Prynne , clutching at his own heart everytime she passes by with the Scarlet Letter emblazoned upon her chest . This is well worth taking the time to read . Think of those long passages as sitting in front of the fireplace with Hawthorne as he unravels his tale for you , his desire to make you sympathetic to the lovers inciting his lengthy descriptions . A must for any age reader .
 I remember reading this novel back when I was in high school , and again recently when there was another film version of it done . It really is a classic tale , set in early America . However , the moral of the tale is rather timeless -- it deals with sexual morality , but more importantly it deals with honesty and corruption in society , and how we can really harm ourselves by trying to live up to what society wants from us.Hester Prynne is the main character . In a Puritan community , she breaks her marriage vows by having an affair , with the new preacher no less , Reverend Dimmsdale . This affair results in a pregnancy , something that is impossible to hide in the small community . Reverend Dimmsdale becomes both her lover and her chief accuser , given the status he has in the village . The entanglements that Dimmsdale and Prynne have with each other , in public and out , make for fascinating reading , and shows that people remain the same essentially no matter how technology and history may change.The title , the scarlet letter , refers to the big red `` A '' Hester Prynne is required to wear , identifying her as an adulteress . Interesting , of course is that while the whole community is full of sinners , because Puritan religion believes this of all people , they single her out . This also shows times do n't change , because even today sexual `` sins '' are often considered worse than far more bloody or violent ones.This is a well written book , not really easy but not really difficult to read , and a fascinating look at both early America and how people interact .
 Hawthorne was a complex writer that used big words -- oh did he use them often -- to get his message across . He uses symbolism a whole lot . He can write 5 pages about one object or thing . If you 're looking for something with fancy language this is THE book to read . If you 're looking for a good story this is also a good book to read . `` The Scarlet Letter '' is a literary masterpiece that takes place in the Puritan community of 1600 's Boston . The title character Hester Prynne commits the ultimate sin of adultery and is punished . Her punishment is fact that she has to wear a big red letter `` A '' on her chest for the rest of her life . So that when anyone asks her , `` Oh ... what 's that on your chest ? '' She will have to answer . `` It is proof that I am a lower being and do n't deserve the respect of God or anyone for that matter . Please , kill me where I stand ! `` This is a great book that deals with human emotions superbly . The language is beautiful and full of life . The only reason I give this book 4 stars is that some of the modern readers will find the big words a little confusing . This surely is not a high school book even though they read it in high school . You need to be a good reader to appreciate it fully . If you read one page and find it horrid and shrug it off when you have to read it for class , you will never enjoy this great book . Probably because you will never pick it up again and try to read it .
 I am a 48 year old college student reading The Scarlet Letter for the first time . In fact , I have never read any of Nathaniel Hawthorne 's works before -- does n't say much for my high school . Hawthorne 's use of imagery and double meanings captivated me . ANALYSE ANYTHING -- EVERYTHING HAS ANOTHER MEANING . I could n't wait to read the next page and get to class to discuss it . When I read the passages again , I found more hidden meanings . I 've gone on to read more of his works since and would now like to find out more about his family heritage . His family was involved in the Salem witch trials and the persecution of the Quakers during the 17th century . It has been suggested that this has influenced in his writings about guilt , shame , sin , & alienation.I loved his allegorical treatment of the emotional ramifications brought on by social , family , and religious situations . What was chillingworth 's sin anyway ? Who cheated on who ? I would say that the `` goody-two shoe '' minister , Arthur Dimmesdale , was the real villain . He never confessed to save Hester and Pearl until his dying day ; he had nothing to personally gain by keeping his secret.I `` feel '' for all the high school kids that do not appreciate or understand Hawthorne 's stories . I suggest that you go to a quiet place , without interruptions -- take the phone off the hook , and read . It will take time to get going ; a little research would help . Coming to this site is a start . See what others think about his writing -- BUT DO N'T GIVE UP . You may even have to admit that you like it
 I put my goal to read Moby Dick on hold in order to read The Scarlet Letter as I prepare to teach it with my AP Language & Composition class . As Hawthorne and Melville were friends , I did n't think that Melville would mind.While I read and taught The Scarlet Letter before , I never had the appreciation for it as I did in this reading . I was captivated by the story , but the language and style of its writing was preeminent for me . Hawthorne crafts a beautifully written story that tells the familiar tale of Hester Prynne 's public shame and Reverend Arthur Dimmesdale 's private tormented guilt after an adulterous affair set in the backdrop of Puritan Boston . The story is simple , as Hester faces a judgmental crowd in the town , and Dimmesdale suffers from a burning conscience as he does not admit to his sin . One man , Roger Chillingworth -- Hester 's husband -- knows the secret and is bent on revenge against them both.While The Scarlet Letter is often used to criticize and demonize the Puritan era , it rather shows the importance of what the consequences of sin lead to within our hearts . The public consequences are temporary , but the private consequences are far longer reaching as the `` Hound of Heaven '' chases after us to confess and repent . While Hawthorne does not condemn adultery as a sin , we see the destruction causes by infidelity with the Prynne family . Hester Prynne is indeed a model of feminine strength and virtue in accepting responsibility and guilt , but she also provides us a picture of the results of our sin and the need for redemption in a Savior.The book begins with this excellent line , showing the coldness of the scene and the tone of the entire novel : A throng of bearded men , in sad-colored garments and gray , steeple-crowned hats , intermixed with women , some wearing hoods , and others bareheaded , was assembled in front of a wooden edifice , the door of which was heavily timbered with oak , and studded with iron spikes.In our first picture of Hester , Hawthorne contrasts the ugliness of sin with the beauty of the woman : On the breast of her gown , in fine red cloth , surrounded with an elaborate embroidery and fantastic flourishes of gold thread , appeared the letter A . It was so artistically done , and with so much fertility and gorgeous luxuriance of fancy , that it had all the effect of a last and fitting decoration to the apparel which she wore ; and which was of a splendor in accordance with the taste of the age , but greatly beyond what was allowed by the sumptuary regulations of the colony.If you are looking to read novels that you should have read in high school but did n't , I heartily recommend starting with this one .
 Book is a great read . Intriguing from start to finish . Cant find anything wrong to say . Would reccomend for beginer to advanced readers .
 I placed an order for a book , the seller accepted payment quickly , the item shipped very fast , in fact I had item in hand in less than a week and it was exactly as described . Thank you for a pleasant transaction .
 I first read The Scarlet Letter -LRB- TSL -RRB- back in high school . I thoroughly enjoyed the book then . Going back and rereading a second time still brought back the awe associated with the imagery painted by Hawthrowne . Perhaps the most striking image is that in the beginning , where Hester Prynne is about to come out of her jail cell and a single rose blossoming amidst the bleakness of her prison is used as a metaphor . Hawthrowne does a superb job describing the details and ways of life . I believe he captures 17th century Bostonian life accurately . In a way this book is a history book . I do admit that the plot is slow at times , but the book does appear to move much more quickly if you try to admire Hawthrownes writing style and descriptive language . Overall , I would say this book impressed me as much as War and Peace and some of Dickens ' novels did .
 When people think of a `` scarlet letter , '' we immediate think of a person outwardly branded for something they have done . Credit Nathaniel Hawthorne 's `` The Scarlet Letter '' for that -- it 's an intense , impassioned -LRB- if slightly hammy -RRB- story of a strong-willed woman in Puritan New England , who is branded for her sins and her love for one weak man.In the mid-1600s , a passionate young woman named Hester Prynne has been accused of adultery -- she recently had a baby , even though her husband was abroad . Just as damning to the elders is the fact that she wo n't name baby Pearl 's father . Even her estranged husband -- a cold-hearted older man calling himself Roger Chillingworth -- wants to know her lover 's identity , but Hester steadfastly refuses to even hint at the man 's identity.We learn early in the book that Pearl 's dad is actually the local minister Arthur Dimmesdale , who is wracked with guilt , hallucinations and sickness because of his secret adultery . Chillingworth slowly deduces who his wife 's lover was , and begins to scheme revenge on Dimmesdale . Will the former lovers manage to escape their guilt-ridden lives , or will they reveal the truth to everyone?It sounds like `` The Scarlet Letter '' is JUST a story about guilt and sin , but it 's also a story about love and steadfastness . Hester remains strong and kind throughout her life despite others ' cruelty to her , and her love for Dimmesdale and Pearl is what gives her that strength . Chillingworth -LRB- symbolic name ! -RRB- is a cuckold , but it 's impossible to like him because of his lack of love -- he loves no one , and lives only for revenge.And at the same time , Hawthorne reminds us that goodness can overcome your past sins . Hester slowly overcomes the Puritans ' loathing for her by simply being charitable , kind , helpful and loving , until eventually her sin is eclipsed by her virtues . On the flip side , Dimmesdale is annoying because of his weakness and cowardice -- I know he 's supposed to be wracked with guilt , but he 's so pathetic compared to Hester that it 's just infuriating.Hawthorne 's writing may take a little while for modern audiences to get used to . It 's very 19th-century in style , with staid , slightly stuffy prose gilded with hauntingly poetic moments and intense passion -LRB- `` Never , never ! '' whispered she . `` What we did had a consecration of its own '' -RRB- . At times Hawthorne 's story gets a little ... hammy -LRB- such as Dimmesdale revealing his `` A '' burn scar -RRB- , but the power of his story keeps this from getting silly . `` The Scarlet Letter '' is used to describe outward signs of guilt , but Hawthorne 's novel is actually about strength and love , and how they can blot out misdeeds .
 It is hard to imagine the world Hawthorne creates , but he brings it to life completely . Also , his is one of the best books to explore that great American theme of Redemption . This is a classic read .
 I 'm so glad I took the time to read this classic . It 's a great story , kind of examining human nature , love , and loyalty . I highly recommend it .
 When people think of a `` scarlet letter , '' we immediate think of a person outwardly branded for something they have done . Credit Nathaniel Hawthorne 's `` The Scarlet Letter '' for that -- it 's an intense , impassioned -LRB- if slightly hammy -RRB- story of a strong-willed woman in Puritan New England , who is branded for her sins and her love for one weak man.In the mid-1600s , a passionate young woman named Hester Prynne has been accused of adultery -- she recently had a baby , even though her husband was abroad . Just as damning to the elders is the fact that she wo n't name baby Pearl 's father . Even her estranged husband -- a cold-hearted older man calling himself Roger Chillingworth -- wants to know her lover 's identity , but Hester steadfastly refuses to even hint at the man 's identity.We learn early in the book that Pearl 's dad is actually the local minister Arthur Dimmesdale , who is wracked with guilt , hallucinations and sickness because of his secret adultery . Chillingworth slowly deduces who his wife 's lover was , and begins to scheme revenge on Dimmesdale . Will the former lovers manage to escape their guilt-ridden lives , or will they reveal the truth to everyone?It sounds like `` The Scarlet Letter '' is JUST a story about guilt and sin , but it 's also a story about love and steadfastness . Hester remains strong and kind throughout her life despite others ' cruelty to her , and her love for Dimmesdale and Pearl is what gives her that strength . Chillingworth -LRB- symbolic name ! -RRB- is a cuckold , but it 's impossible to like him because of his lack of love -- he loves no one , and lives only for revenge.And at the same time , Hawthorne reminds us that goodness can overcome your past sins . Hester slowly overcomes the Puritans ' loathing for her by simply being charitable , kind , helpful and loving , until eventually her sin is eclipsed by her virtues . On the flip side , Dimmesdale is annoying because of his weakness and cowardice -- I know he 's supposed to be wracked with guilt , but he 's so pathetic compared to Hester that it 's just infuriating.Hawthorne 's writing may take a little while for modern audiences to get used to . It 's very 19th-century in style , with staid , slightly stuffy prose gilded with hauntingly poetic moments and intense passion -LRB- `` Never , never ! '' whispered she . `` What we did had a consecration of its own '' -RRB- . At times Hawthorne 's story gets a little ... hammy -LRB- such as Dimmesdale revealing his `` A '' burn scar -RRB- , but the power of his story keeps this from getting silly . `` The Scarlet Letter '' is used to describe outward signs of guilt , but Hawthorne 's novel is actually about strength and love , and how they can blot out misdeeds .
 I love these books . And one concerning itself with The Scarlet Letter -LRB- a ponderous , internalized novel -RRB- is really good . Substantial thinking about a novel of substance.Do not pick this up -LRB- high-schoolers -RRB- if you want a cheat -LRB- like Cliff notes -RRB- . This is writing for living minds . The Star Wars generation avoids thinking at all costs .
 I purchased a Kindle because I am having surgery on both hands , and this was one of the first items I downloaded . I have enjoyed reading it again and look forwaed to other free classics from the Kindle store - way to go Amazon !
 As much as we hear about The Scarlet Letter , and with movies like Easy A , this is a must-read to fully understand the story . Good book with many interpretations , but that 's what makes reading fun .
 The description was exactly as written . Fast shipping and great costumer service . I would recommend the product and the seller .
 I purchased this novel for my son for his english class . I could not see renting the books when I could purchase them and keep them for future use .
 The Scarlet Letter was effective in achieving its purpose of portraying the downsides of Puritan society and values through keeping readers entertained with a captivating plot . The author wrote about Hester and Pearl in a way that helped them attain emotional sentiment from the readers . Also , Hawthorne showed the physical and psychological effects of having a guilty conscience by writing about what Hester and Dimmesdale had to endure to hide their sin . The author also successfully showed the hypocritical aspects of Puritan society in Boston , Massachusetts during the mid-seventeenth century . For example , Dimmesdale still remained a religious minister and role model for the rest of the townspeople even though he was responsible for a forbidden affair with Hester . A main purpose of The Scarlet Letter was to show that human beings can be misunderstood if they are n't allowed to have personal identities due to strict societal regulations . In this novel , the author , Hawthorne , portrayed the idea that Puritanism often lead to unjustified punishment , sometimes against the wrong person . Throughout the novel , he draws strong criticisms against Puritan values.The Scarlet Letter was ineffective in achieving its purpose of satisfying readers because it did not come to a significant conclusion at the end and some of the main characters did n't receive enough focus . The author could have more effectively showed how Pearl shaped her later adult life by stating more information throughout the novel about her early life experiences . This addition would have significantly improved the novel because Pearl was a significant character that deserved a stronger focus . At the end of the novel , none of the characters surfaced as a winner above the others . The Scarlet Letter would have been significantly better in achieving its purpose if the author had written more about Hester and Dimmesdale at the end of the novel . Hawthorne did n't write in detail about their time together at the end of the novel . Instead , the characters died rather quickly and readers did n't get a chance to delve further into their lives to see if they could live happily after overcoming the ordeal of their sins.The Scarlet Letter is a well-known classic American piece of literature . Hawthorne effectively conveyed to readers the downsides of Puritan society during the mid-seventeenth century and values through expressing the hardships characters such as Hester , Dimmesdale , and Pearl had to endure due to the society and time that they lived in . However , the novel was ineffective because it did n't achieve its purpose of satisfying readers . The ending of the novel seemed rushed and did n't show or symbolize enough . Also , some of the main characters , such as Pearl , Hester , and Dimmesdale , deserved more credit in order to further exemplify their significance and everything that they symbolized throughout the novel .
 I love it but it saddened me ... I will read it again ... but will wait a while . Life can appear to be unfair sometimes ...
 I am reading this for the first time . The old English is difficult but the story is great . I love it and would recommend it to anyone .
 I loved this book in high school , and I love it now . A tale of a strong woman that does n't let society bring her down .
 Might be challenging for some readers , but it has a good but very depressing story revolving around revenge , guilt , and love .
 digital books are perfect and easy to use ! They take up no space on the bookshelf and are always with you !!!
 It was a good book to read given that is a classical in American literature but I much rather like Theraou 's book Walden .
 Still reading , I got too many books at one time :-RRB- It 's fantastic and free ! Perfect for me ! Thank you !
 If you read it literally it can get quite boring , but allegorically , I find it brilliant . I read this for AP English and it is a pretty good read .
 This is a wonderful classic . I recommend this to anyone . The scarlet letter is a great tale of love lost for fear of how others view them . The only judgement that should matter is that of God ; he is m e merciful unlike man . The reverend and Hester are heroes because they were strong and understood why the things that happened to them happened . Although they came together towards the end , the child still suffered , and then again she gained a lot because of that silent love .
 Love this story very much and would definitely read it again !! Product was shipped quickly also . Thank you so much !
 Some books you put on the Kindle and throw away when you 've read them . This is a classic , and worth keeping for another read , and another .
 I heard about this book but have n't gone through but it is very nice.i can highly recommend this book to my friends and family .
 This book stood out to me from the required readings we had in school . I love this book and could definitely read it again .
 Classic . Aaaaaaaaa aaaaaaaaa aaaaaaaaaa aaaaaaaa aaaaaaaa awash applies to Christian attitudes today as well . AAAAAAAAAAAAAAA AAAAAAAAAA AAAAAAAAA . ... . Many should wear H for hypocrite
 Awesome plot I particularly liked the theme to be portray in such a way that you may be pushed over the top over false hood also the kindle edition was a fictional read
 This is the great and very interesting book to read.So for your great experience , pls . try it as soon . : - -RRB-
 Excellent classic story . The tale of a woman subjected to scorn and the everlasting guilt and remorse of the man who shared her secret . A great book .
 I started off a review of the more famous of 19th American writer Nathaniel Hawthorne 's short stories by noting that the old social democratic literary critic and editor of `` Dissent '' , Irving Howe , once noted that Mark Twain , and his post-Civil War works represented a dramatic break from the Euro-centric ante bellum American literary establishment . And on this question I agree with him . As I do on his choice of Nathaniel Hawthorne as an exemplar of that tradition . Certainly his most famous work , `` The Scarlet Letter '' , reflects that European influence , and is justly place in the pantheon of that handful of important works that emerged in the early days of the American Republic.One of the of clearest links the ante bellum American literary establishment and the European tradition , especially from the English tradition was the need to pose and resolve some high moral question . And of course what is simpler to do that go back to the stark and isolated foundations of the white American tradition , the Puritan tradition . I know that if I were a writer and I wanted to dramatically portray the effects that physically isolated -LRB- and isolating -RRB- religiously-driven communities have on the individual , and on individual choice , those Puritan settlements from Cape Cod to Salem on the coast of Massachusetts in the 1600s would , at least get my serious consideration.So that , in part is what drives the action -LRB- if one can use that term usefully here -RRB- of a woman -LRB- naturally -RRB- banished from the tight-knit community -LRB- or so they claimed -RRB- by running off and having an affair with Mr. X . Now today that would create in the reader nothing but a big yawn , and maybe some spicy gossip , but hardly banishment , and hardly the necessity to wear a badge of courage sewn on your dress . Except maybe today one would advertise that status and place a video on `` YouTube '' . And that is my moral point.Hester Prynne did not deserve the social opprobrium of the religious fundamentalists of her day . But old Hawthorne did a great service by creating a masterpiece to point out that moral ambiguity and dilemma back in the days .
 Being unconditioned to Hawthorne 's writing style , this one took some perseverance at the front end of the story before I could read through his narrative style without getting bogged down or letting my mind wander . However , I 'm grateful I stuck with it , as in the end the story captured me . Unbelievably , before it was over , Hawthorne actually produced a real page-turner of a story !! But I have to give all praise to the wonderful character of Hester Prynne . In my limited exposure and experience to the world 's great literature and associated characters , I have to believe she might rank among literature 's greatest women . Strong and full of character , overcoming the Puritanical intolerance and `` ignominy '' heaped upon her ; a woman of soft heart with a core of steel .
 Is it better to admit guilt and choose to live a life of shame , or is it better not to admit guilt and choose to live a life of dignity ? This is the theme of Nathaniel Hawthorne 's The Scarlet Letter . The heroine , Hester Prynne , is accused of committing adultery , and has to live with a scarlet letter ` A ' hanging from her neck . Because she wants to protect the dignity of her lover , she refuses to disclose his name.The story is set in the eighteenth century , when having a baby out of wedlock was considered to be extremely shameful . That may seem irrelevant to the present culture , but conflicts around shame and guilt are prevalent even today . So the emotional conflicts are as relevant today as they were in those days.Hawthorne is an expert in describing psychological conflicts . Even though his style may seem old fashioned , he dissects the human mind with the expertise of a modern psychologist . As he describes the course of the two lovers ' relationship with society , Hawthorne expertly describes their emotional and character changes.A priest , a doctor and a wild little girl are some of the other colorful characters woven together to create a story full of suspense and surprises.If you like serious dramas , which deal in depth with complex human characters and situations , you will love reading this book .
 I 'm sad to say that I overlooked the Scarlet Letter when we were forced to read it in high school . The depth with which Hawthorne peruses the soul of both Hester Pryne and her lover is uncanny . Without a doubt it is timeless and powerful .
 This is such a touching and inspiring , yet heart-rending , story . Hester is such an amazing character , beautifully presented by Hawthorne . One of my favourite reads during my student days , and loved to this day .
 The book was wonderful and in good condition . I purchased it for my daughter , who is in highschool . The book arrived around the time it stated it would . Above all of that the price was great .
 This book is a masterpiece of English -LRB- not just American -RRB- literature . It is as beautiful as prose can be , showcasing the amazing technique and depth that Hawthorne could communicate . It is n't trite story of a puritan scandal ; rather , it is a penetrating exploration of shame , redemption , and true love . Melville had it right when he dedicated his book to the `` Genius of Hawthorne '' . Not surprisingly , this is one of the few American novels on the list of Great Books , which should obviate any needless disputes about the quality of this novel constantly brought up by sophmoric readers that have little experience in literature.This edition is nicely bound and quite affordable . For such a great book , the introduction is unfortunately shallow and unscholarly . Instead of exploring the themes or structure of the piece , the write opts for a bland biography of Hawthorne , a light summarization of the novel along with the Custom House prologue , and finishes her essay with some obstuse comparisons of Hester Prynne with Monica Lewinksy . Making such idiotic references to pop culture prompts the reader to wonder if this person understood the book at all.Fortunately , the comments at the end of the novel are what makes this edition valuable . Reading the reviews of contemporaries , including Melville , add to the reader 's understanding and they are nice pieces of analysis in themselves . The essay of Hawthorne 's own son , Jullian , superbly catches the nuances of Hawthorne 's style and should be held as a template for literary analysis.For the price and the reviews at the end , I highly recommend this edition of a timeless classic .
 `` The Scarlet Letter '' by N. Hawthorne.I read it on my new Kindle . Good book and I still love the Classics . FREE TOO for Kindle .
 The last time I had read The Scarlet Letter was in high school and had found it a little hard to read . Not because of the storyline , but due to the wording.I was glad , then , to have another opportunity to read the book . This time around , I found it a little easier to read and I think it might be due both to the time that has passed and Readable Classics handling of the edition.From what I can see of this edition , it stays true to the original edition while making it seemlessly `` updated '' for more modern readers.I would recommend it to other readers .
 I 'm a highschooler and this is one of the best books I 've ever read . It is n't dull -LRB- except for the chapter on Hester 's sewing and the first chapter -RRB- , it 's beautiful . Yes , it has many descriptions , but it 's symbolic and beautiful , and if you do n't understand them , then you need to think more.Yes , what happened in Puritan times is irrelevant now . But so is 9/11 and we keep whining on that still . It 's past , but it 's still a beautiful story about strength , courage , and the preassures of society . It 's inspiring .
 In high schools around the country , The Scarlet Letter is a required novel for students toread . Some enjoy it , while many others dread the task of reading this ? classic Americannovel ? . I can relate to many who have felt as though they would rather do anything butread this novel ; I too was required to read The Scarlet Letter as a junior in high school.However , after having read through this intricate novel more than once , I believe thedread that many feel can easily be turned to fascination and interest , if this novel is readcorrectly and intuitively.Throughout The Scarlet Letter , a web of intricate plots and themes arises . In thebeginning of the novel , the reader is given a detailed description of the New Englandsetting in which the novel takes place . A series of contrasting images is provided , suchas the ? ponderous iron-work ? of the prison door , and the ? wild rose bush ... covered indelicate gems ? . Although these images may become confusing to some , contrastingimages such as these offer insight into the characters that are described in the next fewchapters . Some of the major characters in this novel include Rodger Chillingworth , theReverend Dimsdale , and Hester Prynne . However , the protestant women described in thesecond chapter are quite frequently overlooked , yet play an integral role in theadvancement of the novel . These women are first seen waiting at the prison door forHester Prynne to exit , and are described as ? goodwives ? . They are portrayed as a moredelicate and briefer beauty than their ancestors had . Characters like these women arecrucial to the advancement of the plot , but are too often overlooked . While majorcharacters are most often examined , minor characters can carry the plot in crucial ways.Utilizing complex and witty characters within the novel , such as the women by the prisondoor , adds depth to the themes , which is something Hawthorne is very good at doing.As the story line deepens , we find ourselves in the midst of a nineteenth centurylove triangle , between Hester Prynne , Dimsdale , and Chillingworth . Hester , who ismarried to Chillingworth , has had an affair with the Reverend Dimsdale . Because of thisaffair , she becomes pregnant with an illegitemate child . When the community uncoversthe sin she has comitted , she is forced to wear a scarlet letter ? A ? on her breast . Whilemany believe and teach that the letter stands for ? adultry ? , it can be argued that the ? A?stands for something other than this theme.When Hester leaves the prison , she is described in a completely different mannerthan the women who awaited her at the prison door . In the second chapter , Hester isdescribed as ? ... tall , with a figure of perfect elegance , on large scale ? , which is starklydifferent from the description of the other women . The ? A ? , in this case , could mean?admirable ? , or even ? American ? , unlike ? adulteress ? . I have not heard this optiondiscussed or even acknowledged ; it is only insisted in high schools that the ? A ? onlymeans one thing , even though it is never even stated what the ? A ? stands for.One of the biggest misses in the high school teachings of this book is the absenceof the Custom House Essay in the course syllabus . In the Custom House Essay , Hawthorne lays the plans for the entire novel . He carefully describes the New Englandtown he grew up in , and offeres readers an inside look at the men who worked in thecustom house . While never stating his dislike for these men , Hawthorne uses ironicdescriptions of these men to give the reader a true depiction of the leaders of their time.The Custom House Essay also contains Hawthorne?s definition of a ? romance ? , anddescribes for the reader how he created the novel . Hawthorne appeals to the readerssenses by using both fiction and truth in this preface to his novel . It sets the stage for therest of the book , and plays upon the idea that the ? A ? on Hester Prynne?s chest couldstand for more than just an adulteress.One of the major downfalls to The Scarlet Letter is the language style used in thebook . At times , certain words can be hard to understand , and the language used todescribe the setting can slow down the reading of the novel . However , this is not thefault of either the writer or the reader , because this novel was written in nineteenthcentury America , which is quite different from the world we are living in now.One of the biggest problems a reader could surface from reading the novel is theunderrepresentation of women and minorities . While the novel is centered around awoman , she is not given a distinct voice in the story , nor is she represented by a woman.She is forced to live on the outside of town , and is forced to wear a letter ? A ? on herchest . When confronted by her husband Chillingworth , she is not even given the choiceto acknowledge him as her husband . Instead , she is told by him that she should notreveal his identity to anyone.Not only are women underrepresented , but minorites as well . There is nomention of any African American people in the novel , yet they were quite present innineteenth century America . The only minority mentioned is the unnamed Indian , wholike Hester , lives on the outskirts of town.Although certain aspects of the novel can confuse and hinder the reader , TheScarlet Letter is a novel which transcends time and location . It has become a majorAmerican novel not just because it was written about American life , but because itsthemes question what it truly means to be an American . I highly recomend reading thisnovel , and stronly encourage readers to include the Custom House Essay in their reading.Whether it be the first time , or one hundredth , The Scarlet Letter carries themes whichremain prevelant throughout American literature .
 I first read this book in college , and I have purchased it again to read . I think the book speaks volumes about society that was slow to be tolerant of differences and finds it easy to pile on when someone is ostracized . I found many parallels to today 's society , where many people still exist who like to judge first and ask questions later . You will look at today 's world with new eyes after reading this story crafted many years ago by one of America 's best ever writers.Jeffrey McAndrewauthor of `` Our Brown-Eyed Boy ''
 Some people immediately dismiss the worth of this book by criticizing its seemingly clich&eacute; plot , centered around adultery and the guilt which follows . I say , Hawthorne 's novel is not revolutionary or amazing in its subject , setting , or even characters , but rather in the way in which it unfolds . The story delves remarkably into the souls of several individuals in a New England Puritan town , gradually and ephemerally casting beams of soft light on new aspects of each 's personalities and struggles . Each character is masterfully and magically revealed , and the tale strives for intimacy and understanding of each point of view in a complex circle of deceit and secrecy . I think it will be enjoyed by everyone who appreciates detailed and beautiful analysis of character , sentiment , thought , and human nature , but may not be ideal for those seeking constant action .
 I came up to this book -LRB- a reading assignment for school -RRB- with a bit of dread , having heard that Hawthorne 's writing could be hard to read . Actually , it was a delightful suprise to find it was a captivating plot , very well written , and very easy to read . I enjoyed it thoroughly . This book is about a woman who has an affair , choosing to bear the scarlet letter than reveal her lover 's identity . Along side her is her ilegitamate daughter , a delightfully and hillariously strange character in the book . The scarlet letter is a good book having a melancholy but redeeming ending . A definate classic . Check it out ... it 'll be better than you expected .
 `` The Scarlet Letter '' is about a young woman named Hester Prynne who has a child out of wedlock . Set in Puritan , Boston , the people shun Hester , especially when she refuses to divulge the name of the baby 's father . Her punishment is to wear a scarlet A on her dresses , which is where the title comes from . This book is one of the first true romances written . The main character , Hester , is a very strong , very independent woman character . I think the book is an excellent romance and social defiance.The first appearance of romance shows up in chapter 3 , when the stranger shows up in the market , asking why Hester was standing on the platform . A townsperson then spins Hester 's tale
 I trudged through this wordy book , like many others , in high school . I previously thought the coolest part was that a married woman had had an affair with a priest . This time around , however , I actually got sucked into the book itself , not into what had happened before.Yes , this book is extremely descriptive , but it is n't a book of what happened , but why it happened . Instead of having the reader determine or deduce the motives and minds of the characters , Hawthorne comes out and tells you . That 's what makes it so timeless . Had he not written it with such density , I do n't think it would be what it is today simply because times , customs , and opinions have changed so much . For many people , I think Dimmesdale 's -LRB- somewhat hypocritical -RRB- pious behavior would have just been dismissed as simple cowardice.However , I 'm not trying to say that the events of the story are those that only fit into past culture , many of these things happen today , but the treatment is different ; it 's much more open . For me , even knowing the ending of the story , I almost could n't bring myself to read the rest because I felt transported into the mindset of the characters . I did n't feel the need to interpret , just observe .
 Hester Prynne and much of the framework of the story is modeled on Anne Hutchinson who in 1638 was imprisoned and then banished from Boston for being Antinomian , -LRB- anti-law -RRB- , her belief being that love and personal religious experience were greater than the elderly Puritan authority . Hawthorne describes the rosebush by the prison door as springing up under the footsteps of the sainted Ann Hutchinson . Hester and Anne have several parallels , the dignified manner of facing their trials , rumors that each had a child by the devil , strong relationship and betrayal by a well respected Puritan clergyman , defiance of Puritan elders , punishments of prison and banishment , and both were advisors to other women . Hawthorne takes the A of Antinomian and makes it the A of adultrey because he wants to shine a brilliant spotlight on the workings of the human heart in the course of the narrative.Witchcraft plays a role in the Scarlet Letter . John Hathorne an ancestor of the author was one of the judges at the infamous Salem witch trials where most of the condemned and executed were women . Govenor Bellingham 's sister Mistress Hibbins , an historical figure later hanged for witchcraft , believes herself to be a witch in this novel . Many believe Hester 's child Pearl to be fathered by the devil and that Hester 's A glows red in the dark . Hester tells Pearl she met the blackman in the forest once and that the A is his mark . Chillingworth , Hesters elderly husband , practices alchemy or something close to it and his heart is darkened the most of the players in this tale . As Dimmesdale stands on the scaffold at night he sees a display of lights in the sky and it looks to him like a giant A marked out in lines of dull red light for his adultrey.Dimmesdale cares more for his ambition than for Hester and Pearl . The Puritans think him saintly and the truth gnaws away at him and weakens him . Hawthorne tells us at one point to `` Be True Be True '' meaning genuine , real , to show and be yourself warts and all.As in Hester 's great art with her needle Hawthorne has crafted great art with this masterpiece.Some have confused the heralds description of what was on the tombstone thinking the words were on the stone . Only the red A on a black background is on the stone . The Heralds description is `` On a field , sable , the letter A , gules '' . Gules is a heraldic word that also has a root meaning flowers , so a rendering of this in plain english would be
 I loved this book , the structure of it , the characterization , etc , etc ! It contains so much symbols , conflicts and all kinds of literary terms you can think of that it 's the best book for the introduction to serious literature . It 's the foundation to other American novels as Hawthorne paves the way of how a book should be written - with passion and interest.I just find Arthur Dimmesdale so fascinating while some people might disagree with me . It is his mind that intrigued me to evaluate him and as my subject for my paper.This is definitely an American masterpiece by Nathaniel Hawthorne . I wish that this classic book would be more highly appreciated . Just do n't see the movie ! Appreciate the beauty of Hawthorne 's writing style .
 though I 'm not a native english speaker , I did n't find it difficult to read it . It clearly represents a period in american history which probably many would like to forget about . Sorry for high school students who could n't understand it , something needs to be done in order to improve their reading comprehension and interest in their own culture . .
 This book was very interesting to me and I like the time period it was set in , which made me love this book . Each time I read it , I understand what it means a little better . This is one of my favorite classics to read over again .
 In this book , Hawthorne has truly captured the human spirit . However , it is not a work for the simple-minded . Those who do not fully understand it fail to appreciate the precision and genius with which it was written . Hester is such a strong character ; as she struggles to win back the respect of the community , she regains her self-respect , which , she realizes , is ultimately more important . Hawthorne sets Rev. Dimmesdale , a very weak character , opposite Hester perfectly . Chillingworth is , in fact , `` chilling , '' and little Pearl is a troublemaker but grows to be much like her mother . The book is a slow read but well worth the wait . It 's full of symbolism -- pay close attention to the rose bush -LRB- first mentioned within the first chapter , so be alert ! -RRB- and the significance of `` mirrors . ''
 This book is the first of two grand contributions that Nathaniel Hawthorne made to American literature -LRB- the second being the inspiration that he provided to Herman Melville during the composition of Moby Dick . -RRB- Like all great books , this novel deals with issues which are timeless and central to the human condition . Can -LRB- or should -RRB- the state legislate morality ? If so , to what degree ? Which is the greater sin , a momentary weakness or a sustained and conscious deception ? Which is the greater punishment , public humiliation or private guilt ? And , perhaps most importantly , what is the proper response to each ? The novel provides clear and compelling examples of tragic consequences which can be avoided by the simple , but sometimes difficult , act of telling the truth . The permeating sadness of the story results from the failure of each character to do so.Despite comments here to the contrary , this book is not difficult to read or understand , and it is not dull if you can grasp its themes . The ideas expressed are intricate and symbolism is pervasive throughout the story . However , any reader who really wants to understand and enjoy the book should not have great difficulty in doing so . To those readers who feel challenged to appreciate this book , Hawthorne himself offers you a thought -LRB- on page 18 of my edition -RRB- which you should seriously consider -- `` It contributes greatly towards a man 's moral and intellectual health to be brought into habits of companionship with individuals unlike himself , who care little for his pursuits , and whose sphere and abilities he must go out of himself to appreciate . ''
 The Scarlet Letter was an great book in that it kept me reading . It was not boring . It had sense to it . It has alot of symbols in it that makes sense and has a purpose instead of just being there .
 I first read this book as a high school requirement , and was one of the few who actually liked it . I recently read it again in my college literature class , and I learned to appreciate it even more . I picked up so much more the second time through . The thing that just blows me away is the author 's use of symbolism and the way * everything * ties together ... it 's genius ! Another amazing thing about this book is that it represents three different time periods
 The book was really good if you like to read of old times and how the `` ways '' were back then . The whole Puritan way of thinking is just different and kind of intriguing . I recommend to people who like to read slower books with some different words that might be difficult .
 In many ways , this book is like an R rated movie . Sure , high school students who are forced to read it `` understand '' it superficially , but the material hits home once you have matured and experienced some of the themes brought up in the novel . I liked it in high school , but as an adult , it resonates much more . I just reread the book after having not looked at it for over 10 years . The beginning does drag a bit , but the superb chapters near the end when Dimmsdale meets Hester in the forest after having not seen her or Pearl for 7 years make it all worthwhile . Even the writing becomes more vivid . During one great scene , Dimmsdale is allowed a moment of realization when he says to Hester than Chillingsworth 's sin is much blacker than his own because it was done with malice . Dimmsdale realizes that his soul is not the blackest of all and to me , this gives him some level of redemption , at least on a personal level . The last 8 chapters or so are spellbinding as they bring up themes of sin , lust , and love against the horrifying behavior of the evil `` physician '' Chillingsworth . If you are forced to read this in high school , try to get past the sometimes opaque writing and give it a chance .
 This book has a nice plot , but it just is n't exciting . It 's not riveting enough , maybe because it was written in the 19th century . Things that are exciting more than a 100 years ago just do n't seem all that interesting to me . It 's hard to read because most of the book is composed of metaphors and other examples of figurative language . If you had to read it , I 'd say give yourself at least three weeks .
 This book really expresses any feelings of shame that I may have ever had , but I still cheer on its hero and heroine .
 In Nathaniel Hawthorne 's tale of seduction , betrayal , adultery , and the consequences following these turn of events , Hester Prynne , the heroine that succumbs to her passions and in doing so reaps the punishments of her `` sins '' , finds herself trapped in a lonely Puritain colony whose inhabitants hold only disdain , pity , and disapproval toward her . As a demonstration of her will and furvor , she sews and wears a scarlet `` A '' which stands for `` adultery '' . Perhaps this `` A '' also stood as a reminder to the man who also committed these `` sins '' with her , the `` pure and religious '' Reverend Dimmesdale . Hester 's unforgiving and avenging husband , Chillingsworth , soon finds that his unfaithful wife has borne a daughter from her `` sin '' , a child she calls `` Pearl '' . This even moreso enrages him , and causes him to seek out her lover . In life , our actions may not be condoned by society and there are certainly consequences to everything we do . Just as Hester Prynne wore her scarlet letter `` A '' on her breast so do we in our everyday lives -LRB- though of course our letters are n't tangibly displayed as was hers -RRB- . The Scarlet Letter is a book with many lessons to teach . I read this book first when I was in fifth grade , a second time in high school , and now I own a copy . It shows us that not everyone is perfect , even the Puritains had their faults , and that if we truly love one another , we can look beyond these faults .
 I thought this was a great book , years ago , and it still is , but I think it is outdarted for those living today and this modern world . There are so many new , contemporary novles . If you want to another read a book that goes straight to your heart , read Stolen Moments by Barbara Jeanne Fisher ... It is a beautiful story of unrequited love ... for certain the love story of the nineties . I intended to give the book a quick read , but I got so caught up in the story that I could n't put the book down . From the very beginning , I was fully caught up in the heart-wrenching account of Julie Hunter 's battle with lupus and her growing love for Don Lipton . This love , in the face of Julie 's impending death , makes for a story that covers the range of human emotions . The touches of humor are great , too , they add some nice contrast and lighten things a bit when emotions are running high . I 've never read a book more deserving of being published . It has rare depth . Julie 's story will remind your readers that life and love are precious and not to be taken for granted . It has had an impact on me , and for that I 'm grateful . Stolen Moments is written with so much sensitivity that it made me want to cry . It is a spellbinder . What terrific writing . Barbara does have an exceptional gift ! This book was edited by Lupus specialist Dr. Matt Morrow too , and has the latest information on that disease . . . A perfect gift for someone who started college late in life , fell in love too late in life , is living with any illness , or trying to understand a loved one who is ... A gift to be cherished forever .
 I think that The `` Scarlet Lettter '' is a very well written book . One of the things that I would watch out for , is the vocabulary and how it is used in the context . The vocabulary is very confusing at times . However , it can lead you on to another world by wisking you off in the times where the `` Scarlet Letter '' took place . Other than that , I think this book is very good . I personally liked the characters and their roles in the story . The main character , `` Hester Prynne '' , is written very carefully and it shows how she struggles to go on with her life . That is the only thing I can say about this book . You have to read the rest to find out what happens ...
 This book was very good i had to read it for school I did n't really understand it the first time but each time i read it , it gets better .
 I am not one who enjoys romance , however Hawthorne 's Scarlet Letter is truely an unshakable landmark in American Literature . Unlike most people , I read this novel in college -LRB- I do n't know why junior high teaches this book ; it 's way to advanced for that intensity of reading -RRB- and depicted it as a soap opera in Puritan society . The novel inhibits sex , suspense , drama , and romance all in one pakage . I found the invidious Roger Chillingwoth to be an extremely interesting aspect about the novel 's well-rounded plot . The theme of the novel is sin , and how tragically easy it could destroy a normal town denizen . I mean , all 3 main characters are virtually consumed and eventually destroyed by their own private sins . Read this book ; by doing so , one will appreciate truly powerful literature that still shakes our foundation today .
 It was a great buy and would buy again if I get the chance to buy again from this seller .
 bought for a sibling as a course requirement . she read the required chapters for class , but I found her reading the entire thing . when I read it remember enjoying the great story . It 's definitely worth the read .
 I enjoy this book very much . It is a timely classic with which I am happy to now have my own copy .
 What more can I say than that it was free ? Really , there is n't anything else to be said , except that it was , and the contents of the classic are what I expected .
 A must read . I am a history and literature lover and this book speaks to both . A classic book that should not be missed .
 I have read this book twice now , once in high school and now again in my 50 's . it is as pertinent now as it was when it was written . It was difficult read but the more I got into the book , the easier it became . The old English language is so extinct but beautiful and worth reviving . I plan to read it again in my 80 's and I know I will see it in a completely different light . I recommend Cliff Notes to help navigate the language and themes .
 This is an outstanding book . From the beginning to the very last page kept me guessing to what would happen next . The author did a great job portraying the way it was back in the old history .
 `` Easy A '' explains it best . If you ca n't relate in some way you must be a robot . Greatest book ever .
 The creepiest book I 've ever read ! It 's a creepy mystery/romance all in one creepy book ! I would read it again lol
 It is Hawthorne , of course it is excellent . Well written and worth a slow , methodical approach . Definitely a literary classic .
 it was a free online electronic book im not going to complain at all . it was a fast a free download
 Great book and it is nice to be able to read it on my iPad . Also , loved the price -LRB- FREE ! -RRB- : -RRB-
 Love it ... Love it ! I have been trying to find the book , but I guess an electronic copy works better since I will forever own it on my kindle !
 Beautifully descriptive , tragic story . Little pearl was the most captivating character in my opinion . Good read , would recommend to Jane Austen fans .
 Great American classic that you can get for free on kindle . I was supposed to read this back in high school but was n't not interested at the time . But now with the benefit of age I can really appreciate it .
 This is a great item at a great price and fast shipping . I could n't ask for better service , awesome all the way !
 Read well on my kindle . Also , Classic American novel is Classic . If you 're interested in literature , particularly American lit , read it .
 i liked good book from the past ... great that we can look back on these great books and enjoy them .
 it 's nice . Very nice . Good indeed . I like it . Nathaniel Hawthorne . Exciting . Yes . Do you agree ? Hester . Dimmesdale . Pearl . Chillingworth .
 Loved this book as well . The movies as always stray from the book - I was pleasantly surprised and taken in by all the characters .
 My son had to read this for school and ended up really liking the story . It opened up dialog with us -LRB- his parents -RRB- about social situations , opinions and morality.I asked him about this review and he chose the review title and star rating .
 This book came exactly as described and was a great bargain and it 's so nice to be able to shop from home and not have to deal with the traffic and retail hassle !
 I am glad they have classic books upgraded to ebooks . I enjoyed them back in high school , it is a joy to read again ! Do recommend !
 Was reading this book for a project in school class I had and it was a perfect version of this classic book .
 Acquiring this book on my son 's ipad , I thought would be an enormous hassle , as this gadget was new to us . The person who talked my son through it was very patient , and the book itself is wonderful and easy to follow . Thank you
 I have loved this story since the first time I read it . Loved the movie with Demi Moore too ...
 I downloaded this to my knidle ! This is a great book ! Great prices ! I love to read book that are free or cheap !
 Thanks for the fast delivery and the great quality . I would do business again and would recommend friends or anyone for that matter to do business with you .
 From the beginning chapter of this novel , I was compelled to read on . The use of diction and the author 's attidude toward the character 's and their behaviors make the novel appeal to a more variety of audiences . Hester 's attitude throughout the novel shows a willingness to go on to the end , even though she was shunned away by the townspeople . If you are at all interested in romances , mysteries , prejudice , gothic styles of writing and the beliefs of the Puritan lifestyle I strongly recommend that you read this novel .
 This was truly an enlightening book and showed that men were jerks even way back then ! -LRB- obviously I am a girl -RRB- Seriously though , I found the book to make compelling reading - the character descriptions were insightful and I did not find it difficult to read at all ! This book should be read at least once by everyone .
 A moving and biting indictment of hypocrisy that is still relevant today
 Either you love it or hate it . As for me , I loved it ! Admittedly , I can understand how many people find this antiquated novel difficult to comprehend . The lengthy descriptive narratives can be taxing on our twentieth-century fast-food attention span . However , if this classic work of literature could somehow be miraculously re-written for modern readers in our contemporary vernacular , most readers would then be able to appreciate its captivating and compelling themes , all of which are relevant to our lives today
 I have read some of the reviews pertaining to this , the first great novel written in our country , and was not surprised . This novel is typically read in high school , in grade ten . At that age who can appreciate Hawthorne 's poignant prose , and insightful observations into a woman 's heart ; for he warns that the most wretched man is the one who `` procures the hand of a woman , and fails to procure the uttermost passion of her heart '' . A sixteen year old can not even begin to fathom what that entails . I recommend to those who have given this book poor reviews , to wait a few years and then reread this amazing novel which is an insightful journey into the one region that is worth exploring
 Perhaps this is not exactly a review of Hawthorne 's The Scarlet Letter ; rather , it is a commentary on the Amazon.com reviews I 've read on this book . I was absolutely shocked by the responses I found here . Come on , people . Wake up ! This ai n't MTV . As an instructor of literature , I am becoming increasingly disgusted at `` students ' '' and `` scholars ' '' inability to pay attention to a book that requires them to slow down and think -- and for longer than 3 minutes . I 'm thinking career change here ...
 This book was for my daughter 's English class . She says it 's fine , but if I were reading it , I would think the text was too small .
 I as well was forced to read this book for my AP Lang and Comp class . However , even though my teacher told me that if i liked this book then that meant that I was not learning anything ... then I guess that means that I have not learned a thing . This book is wonderful and has a very romantic/mysterious plot that because it is written in old English makes the story five times better !
 not only did I pay a great price -LRB- 1cent -RRB- but my daughter enjoyed it , even though it was for a summer assingment
 Anybody who enjoys a book should read and keep The Scarlet Letter in their library . It 's a classic , must-own for anybody that values the concept of reading . And if you did n't like it the first time , read it again and give it a second chance . I 've read it about six times and it gets better each time . Cherish this book .
 Hawthorne 's theme of secret sin and the fault of all humans is once again present in this novel . A woman , Hester Prynne , has committed adultery , with a priest nonetheless . She is made to wear this shame , by having a scarlet letter sewn on to her clothing . She is shunned by all of her townspeople as they see the scarlet letter on her breast . The townspeople however , do not know the sin was committed with their new minister , Arthur Dimmesdale . Dimmesdale allows her to bear this burden alone . Hester 's husband is believed to be dead , but he comes back as a doctor for the priest with the name of Roger Chillingworth . A chilling feeling is just what he inflicts upon people . He has a knowledge of natural medicines , and becomes the doctor for the priest , only so he can seek his revenge . The priest suffers from heart troubles , a burden of the hidden sin , and is on the verge of death . He goes and sees his and Hester 's daughter Pearl , a sprite like girl , and promises to sail away with her and Hester . The ending is unexpected and sudden but also appropriate . The burden of secret sin , and the purging that comes from exposing this sin reigns throughout the novel . Beautifully written and wonderfully conceived , this novel is a timeless classic that will remain for years to come .
 Have n't finished the book , but love it . Little Pearl is my favorite character . The language is a little unfamiliar but very descriptive and eloquent . Recommend for anyone interested in religiosity of colonial times .
 Hawthorne 's best work is central to understanding the trajectory of american culture from the Puritans to the moderns . Still , many of the book 's allusions will be cryptic to contemporary readers . The footnotes and appendices make the book more available without all the weight of the Norton edition .
 In The Scarlet Letter , Nathaniel Hawthorne tells a story of the results of sin . Set in Seventeenth Century Massachusetts , it is a tale of the life of Hester Prynne , who has been convicted of adultery . She is sentenced to wear a scarlet letter `` A '' on her chest , as a badge of dishonor . We follow her decisions to keep her lover secret , and how this bears down on her over time . We watch as her child -LRB- Pearl -RRB- resultant of the act grows into a wild daughter , unrestrained by her mother -LRB- who feels guilt from her sin , and who also questions the established morals of the society she lives in -RRB- . All the while , her aged , learned husband comes closer and closer to discovering the identity of the man who took part in the adultery.Hawthorne describes all this with unique detail . Nearly every object -- whether it be a rose at a prison door , or a river in the woods -- contributes some symbolism to the plot . The language of the narrative is very fitting , and the dialogue is delightfully written in the correct form of the day . With small supporting details woven in -LRB- such as the few brief but important appearances of a witch named Mistress Hibbins -RRB- and the deep symbolism , The Scarlet Letter has an almost supernatural tone , while it still remains a perfectly realistic novel.Many consider The Scarlet Letter to be Nathaniel Hawthorne 's crowning achievement . It has certainly stood the test of time , being a classic that is now over 150 years old , and still very well known . For anyone who enjoys this style of literature , this book is one to read.Ryan RobledoAuthor of the Aelnathan :
 I 'm a high school student who had to read this book for school . Yes , it is hard to read sometimes because of the outdated language and sometimes difficult to understand writing style . But if you read a book that is easy to understand and always entertaining , then you are probably not learning anything . This book is a classic that everyone should be exposed to , and hopefully learn to appreciate.I stumbled over parts of this book , but in the end , I got a better appreciation of Early American Puritan life . I also really enjoyed watching the movie of the Scarlet Letter .
 I read this book as an assignment for my American Literature class . Outside of school , I would never read in this genre , but for not being my style , it was actually very interesting . The reading moves slowly , more because of the lack of dialogue and action , and the long spiels of description and analytical discussion , than difficult wording . It offers a deep insight into how the human mind can so torture the body if the soul is afflicted , and how bottled-up sin and lust for revenge can destroy a person . If you 're interested in what makes the human mind tick , then I highly recommend this book .
 literature . Classics , great literature and beautiful stories do n't always stay in print over the long haul . I approach these monoliths with caution and no little fear of being knocked down by prose too thick to spoon up . The Scarlet Letter is a relevant , beautiful work that has every right to stand in the grand American canon of great literature . The ending is also hella funny . Very North American ! Hawthorne displayed a great wave of wit when he penned this vintage hypocracy-exposer .
 I thought that The Scarlet letter was a great piece of Literature and was a brave step for Hawthorne to take in this book during the time he wrote it . I would definatly recommend this to other readers .
 Hawthorne 's `` The Scarlet Letter '' is a novel still being deciphered by the greatest of scholars to this day . This is a testament to its originality and complexity . But do not be intimidated by this . This novel tells a story which everyone should be able to comprehend if time is given . Hawthorne clouds this novel with so many minor details and facts , but in between all of this lies a plot and message that is worth the read . If you are reading this for high school , I recommend you buy the cliff notes also , but ONLY TO READ ALONG WITH THE NOVEL FOR A BETTER UNDERSTANDING !!! This is an extremely hard book to read without guidance , so if your looking at this novel for recreational purpose , it is best that you are someone who loves to read and analyze whenever possible . I give this novel a 3.5
 I really enjoyed reading the Scarlet Letter for the second time since highschool this year . Though it was heavily laced with symbolism , the fact that Hester Prynne showed strength and dignity throughout in a situation that is still relevant today makes this one of my favorite books . I did not like Dimmesdale at all . He was almost weaker than you would think humanly possible , but I suppose that was Hawthorne trying to make a point . I thought it was overall a book that everyone should read due to its messages about standing up for what you believe in , self love , strength , determination and confidence . Hester is a rolemodel for all women because even though she had a man with no backbone , she made the decision to stand by him and not give him away and she never compromised herself . She even regained the respect of her fellow townspeople by turning the A she wore from a negative to a positive when she became an entreprenuer , which was unheard of in those days . She was the sole source of income and support for her daughter Pearl . Rev. Dimmesdale by the way should remain an examole of what not to do for a man in his situation . Although a little corny at times , it should stay on the list of books to be read by students of all ages . There is much to gain from it on many levels .
 Nathaniel Hawthorne does an excellent job at depicting a huge ` American ' characteristic ; the public punishment for private transgression . Clinton was scrutinized for his private , adulterous act in the oval room , but it was Hawthorne that wrote about this public punishment through the character , Hester Prynne . Written in the nineteenth century , about the Puritans in the seventeenth century , in Boston , Massachussetts , Hawthorne sets up the cruel punishment that Hester sufferred for her adultery . Having to wear a bright , red letter ` A ' on her breast at all times , being forced to move to the outskirts of town , and being treated as a whore , Hester suffered for the love that she found in the pastor , Dimmesdale . Their love did not comply with the Puritan communal laws , nor by the laws of God , in turn resulting in the scrutinization of Hester and her daughter , Pearl . Discretion and true love are not rewarded in this story , although the love was more lively , brighter , and real , in comparison to the bland , monotonous marraiges of the Puritans . If one is in the mood for long , elaborated , descriptions of plot detail , in lue of the timeless themes , then this is the novel for you .
 This was a very good book . It started out about a Women names Hester Prynne who committed adultery . Her community and all who judged her made her wear the letter `` A '' on her chest to signify what she has done . Hester had been having an affair with her priest , Aurther Dimmesdale . Se was made to stand on a scaffold in the middle of town . Although it was supposed to be an embarrassing thing to have to do , she did not act ashamed at all . Pearl has a daughter named Pearl whom her husband finds out later that it is not his child but it is Aurthor Dimmesdale 's . At the begining of this book it got a little confusing but once it started to pick up the pace it all fell into place . This book was set in Salem , Massachusetts , also where Howthorne was born and grew up with his puritan traditions .
 For American Literature we were assigned to read this book . When I first started reading it , I really had trouble because of the wording . But then I really got into it . Besides the wording , this book is great . There are so many things you can learn from this book . It will have you asking questions about the society back then , and even about our society today . If you ever get a chance to read this book , I would strongly suggest it .
 While I was less than impressed with The Scarlet Letter when I read it in high school I LOVED it this time around . Hawthorne 's rich use of language adds to what is already an intensely compelling story . Hester Prynne is a standout among a throng of submissive Puritan women and one of the most interesting heroines in literature . She steadfastly stands up for herself and her child 's well-being amidst a storm of controversy surrounding her actions . Symbolically and literally , this is a beautiful novel that explores the inner workings of the human heart and various facets of forgiveness , guilt , passion , pride , self-worth , and the standards by which we judge those around us .
 Scarlet Letter is a kind of book that you understand it and you love it or you dont understand it and hate it . I think this deserves four stars because of the idea of the book . A stand for adultry in this book and tells the story of puritans in that time period . Hester and Pearl faces lots of insult in this community and if you want to find out whot the secret father of Pearl is READ the BOOK !!! But I would recommend to read this book after you are 14 years , because the Idea of the book is too matured .
 This is a very interesting book . I started reading it in my 4th period English class . I think it is a good book because somehow it relates to what people do , when they feel superior to other people . I think you should read this book , because it is very interesting . Plus , it was written by the great Nathaniel Hawhthorne !
 Some people immediately dismiss the worth of this book by criticizing its seemingly clich&eacute; plot , centered around adultery and the guilt which follows . I say , Hawthorne 's novel is not revolutionary or amazing in its subject , setting , or even characters , but rather in the way in which it unfolds . The story delves remarkably into the souls of several individuals in a New England Puritan town , gradually and ephemerally casting beams of soft light on new aspects of everyones personalities and struggles . Each character is masterfully and magically revealed , and the tale strives for intimacy and understanding of each point of view in a complex circle of deceit and secrecy . I think everyone who appreciates detailed and beautiful analysis of character , sentiment , thought , and human nature will enjoy it , but may not be ideal for those seeking constant action .
 Everyone needs to read this classic . An amazing look into the piousness of the early settlers . I really appreciated it a lot .
 Yes , I enjoyed this book . The STORY was good ... I am sure you have an idea about it so I wo n't waste time with a summary . The SETTING was great ... Hawthorne brought 17th Century frontier Boston alive with his stunning descriptions . The CHARACTERS were ok ... yes , only ok , because I never found myself loving or hating any of them , which to me is evidence that the author was successful with his creation . But ... The SYMBOLISM is what makes this book , what makes it a classic ! ... This book is a brilliant essay on how important it is to abide by a conscience . One mishap can lead you down a path towards destruction . BUT aiding in that destruction were Christians who were more unforgiving then the heathen around them ... The christian who reads this book should learn that forgiveness was the # 1 thing Christ taught and expects from us ! -LRB- i.e. . He who is merciful shall obtain mercy -RRB- . BUT what I learned most from this book was how important it is to understand Gods grace ! God is not some powerful ogre waiting to punish but a friend waiting to forgive . If this frontier town only could have known this how different their experience would have been!However , I think this book was cheated because I read it right after the stunning ` Grapes of Wrath ' and it simply could not compare , overall , and therefore can not receive the elite five star status ! Still a must read if you have never ... !
 Any Hawthorne work , including this one , shows why the author remains one of the most celebrated in American literature . As to subject matter , kids are more receptive to the likes of `` The House of the Seven Gables . '' Perhaps adults would be too if they had n't been forcefed `` The Scarlet Letter , '' complete with the Customs House filler , in high school . Lest the reader find this teacher cynical , note the five stars . -LRB- I also have a dog named Hawthorne and had another named Prynne . -RRB-
 The Scarlet Letter shows us the meaning of human nature.People know that utopias never work but no one tells us why the ideology does n't work . In the Scarlet Letter , the books based its views about the general citizens of the town , who believe in perfection of the human kind through religion , the ideology of the citizens of Boston , presented as hypocrites of harsh judgment that believes that a jail and public scaffold inside the infrastructure of Boston is necessary for the utopia to thrive . However , when someone , like Hester Prynne , was found committed adultery inside the town Boston , everyone rushed judgment that she sinned and immediately punished her for her crimes against nature , as the townspeople call it . Hester 's sins are small , compared to how the townspeople perceive her since they find out she has committed adultery and how the people who knew what happened , hid it from the townspeople . She did not hide from the humiliation , but she continue to co-exist with the people who knew what she had done and hate her for it and thrive in their environment with her daughter , Pearl who has no real father to her name.This alone shows how this town would never achieve the goals that the citizens wanted , being a perfect society , since the purpose of the puritans living in the town is to be free to practice their own religion . However , how could someone be free of practicing their own faith if the very nature of the human beings is being oppressed and then released out of anger towards someone else that is able to show what they believe in ? The Scarlet Letter is proof that even if a person is oppressed , he or she could still improve his or her current situation and do what he or she wants without limits and still be true to his or herself in the meantime.Overall , this book is full of ironic outcomes , but that is what is good in a novel . Of course , there are a lot more to this book than what I mention here , like the symbolism that is present in most parts of the book and the historical significance of the early history of the Americas and Hawthorne 's background , but that is not as important as finding the meaning of human nature in a town that is full of hope , as well as hypocrisy combined in the life of a utopian society .
 I am an avid reader , specially of books in the English language . The movie `` The Scarlet Letter '' has been a favorite of mine , but reading other reviews of the novel -LRB- other editions -RRB- here in Amazon , prompted me to read it . People kept saying they were dissapointed with the movie and vice versa ; people kept saying they could not deal with Hawthorne 's 19th century language . But I could deal perfectly with the idiom , even though it 's not my first language . Both the movie and the novel are excellent , although different .
 Passion , greed , lust and denial are all the ingredients that make The Scarlet Letter a novel that caused much controversy back the days where women would not even think about having committed adultry , but Hester Prynne did . In the Scarlet Letter , passion justifies nothing , while its denial that justifies all . The reason why I rated The Scarlet Letter so highly was because it was very rare that a book so racy in its content would be written in the eighteen hundreds and still be good . The reason why this book was so intriguing was because there was a psychological approach to destruct ; dealing with the controversy that surrounds The Scarlet Letter that I found really refreshing and more interesting because its always better to read about a person loosing their mind rather than mere violence such as fighting . I recommend this book to people who like to read about deception and mind games to destroy the guilty .
 Nathaniel Hawthorne 's mid-19th century novel reflects the strict Puritan Enviornment two-hundred years prior to the release of the book . What can be a tedious read at times is ultimately a redeeming piece of literature exposing the hypocrisy of the `` godly '' Puritan Communities.Much of the novel gives us inductive information forcing the reader to either ignore or figure out much of the background of the story for themselves . Regardless , Hester Prynne , the Protagonist , is portrayed as a strong women who has a extra-marital affair with an unknown man of the Boston Community . While raising her eerie bastard child , `` Pearl '' , Hester refuses to compromise or openly break down for her crime . There are numerous plot twists , including a perverted love-triangle , that gives this novel it 's romantic characteristics.Although there was probably hundreds of novels written during this time period that are stylistically superior to Hawthorne 's masterpiece . This work has remained a mainstay as required reading because of its radical notions that women are equal and sometimes stronger than men emotionally , and deserve respect for the works they perform for society . It 's a dark novel with many redeeming qualities , if you can get over the lofty-archaic English this should be an interesting read .
 Dis book was vedy , vedy good . I dought it vas vorthy my children 's viewing . The characters are vedy , vedy dynamic and remind me of de old country , where novels were not vritten as dey are today . Pleazse send me a givt certivficate so dat I may send a copy of it to the grandchildren back home , in the old country . Oh , how I miss the little meshuginas . Bless der GOd-lovin ' hearts . Thank ye and GOd bless , ya little whippersnapper . Helga
 this book seemed to take awhile to get to me but it still came within the specified time frame so , all 's well I guess , and the condition of the book was quite acceptable .
 Readable Classics makes it 2 for 2 on my scorecard , following up `` Jane Eyre '' with yet another direct hit on the elusive target of classic novel appreciation for modern readers . Admittedly , the original Hawthorne version is far enough over my head to cause nose-bleeds , but this version is a one-sitting page-turner . The story line is relatively simple , but the narrative pops with the juicy stuff such as adultery and guilt , as one amazing woman faces the consequences of a passionate affair with a man whose name she holds guarded in her heart , beneath the scarlet letter `` A '' she is condemned to wear for the rest of her life.It 's not hard to figure out where the shame lies , but the story brings out the pain and torment so vividly that it just does n't matter whether you know whodunit or not.Definitely recommended for anyone with an interest in expanding their appreciation of classic literature without breaking a sweat.Amanda Richards , March 23 , 2010
 I have n't had time to read this book , but I have reviewed it & it is the version I wanted .
 For as much as I adore Nathaniel Hawthorne , I could n't really `` get into '' this book . I 've always liked Hawthorne , I visited The House of the Seven Gables , and the house he was borne in . Even one of the houses he lived in . But this novel , it just is n't for me . I love the way he writes , but I did n't like the omniscient/1st person point of views that flip-flopped throughout this novel . I read it because it was required .
 A good book with an admirable heroine . It is somewhat dull and confusing but there are some bright spots . Some of it is written beautifully , especially when Hester and Dimmesdale confess their love for one another .
 I had to read this book for English my Junior year , and I fell in love with it ! I had a problem with the beginning ; I found it hard to get into . If you read past the first half of the book , it 's great ! The story of passion and betrayal is classic , and the double entendres in it are wonderful . I really enjoyed it .
 Of course this is a classic of American literature , and , to my mind , with good reason . The story engages and puts one in the time . It requires a modern reader to stretch , but the exercise rewards .
 As always , it is difficult to describe a book -LRB- or rather novella -RRB- as intricate as The Scarlet Letter . On the surface its story of adultery may appear plain , longwinded , and uninteresting , but Hawthorne never wrote primarily for the `` mob '' reader who only likes action and suspense . Instead , what he wrote is a book that captures the zeitgeist of the puritan era , both stylistically and figuratively . Do n't badmouth the literature if you are not going to invest your time in it .
 Nathaniel Hawthorne 's classic reveals a woman with a burning letter A prominently branded on her heart . Hester Prynne 's crime of adultery gains her isolation from the rest of her New England town . Her shunned existence is only relieved by her young daughter Pearl whose birth gained Hester her punishment . Reverand Arthur Dimmesdale 's life is destroyed by his connection to Hester and his guilt . Roger Chillingsworth , Hester 's husband , seeks revenge for his shame . All takes place in this novel that reveals the consequences of human nature and isolation.I enjoyed this book but found the vocabulary and writing tiresome . Though I know that the writing style was appropriate for the time , some of the meaning evaded me . I did enjoy the wonderful metaphores and descriptions , along with the overall message to the book . The beautiful detail made `` The Scarlet Letter '' a enjoyable novel to read . I reccomend this book and hope that the reader will understand fully the meaning of this work of art .
 The majority of reviews for Hawthorne 's classic , THE SCARLET LETTER , here at Amazon.com have been negative . Many of the people writing the reviews appear not to have read much classic literature . To give them credit , I do n't know why this novel is forced upon young minds and influential minds . This book is not meant for the close-minded . Having lived a life as shallow as most Americans do today , it would be hard to appreciate the genius of Hawthorne 's masterpiece.THE SCARLET LETTER remains as significant today as it did when it was first published . The book , though full of symbolism , is much more than a simple morality tale . It is a tale of passion and lust , truth and lies , life and death , revenge and betrayal . The story illustrates the disasters of living an unhonest and sinfilled life . It serves as a historical text in to an age that has past away and it gave us one of the first truly feminist characters in American literature . The story remains prevalent because it speaks on so many different levels , illuminating a little of each person as they read.Therefore , do not be discouraged by the large vocabulary and do not let one 's inexperience in life and literatrue dissuade you from reading one of the great pieces of American literature.As a footnote , the WSP Enriched Classic edition of the novel includes a wonderful introduction , pictures , critical excerpts , notes of Hawthorne 's , and a few other extras that make this a superb copy to own .
 Call me weird , but around Thanksgiving , my interests turn to ethe earlies colonial American society , the time of the Pilgrims and the Puritans , the 1600 's , after Jamestown disappeared , when the Indians lived west of the budding communities in the East Coast , among them Salem , Massachussets . In Nathaniel Hawthorne 's most famous novel , we are caught in the bleak and powerfully intense world of a Puritan village . Hester Prynne and her `` bastard '' daughter Pearl are shunned by the rest of the village for Hester has committed adultery . Her husband , Chillington , was away in England , which was in the middle of a war or something and he was away so long that he was presumed dead . Still , in those days , a widow had to remain loyal to the memory of her husband . Also , it was not known that Chillington was dead and he could be alive . Hester fell for the Reverend Dimmesdale , the spiritual leader of the community . While Hester 's sin came out , Dimmesdale could not bring himself to tell the truth . Hester suffers shame , exile and disdain and through the experience attains the forgiveness of the community . She is perhaps the first adulterous heroine in 19th century literature who does not die in the end ! Instead she triumphs through her innate virtue and desire for rehabilitation . However , Dimmesdale 's guilt and Chillington 's inhumanity are the focus of the novel . The theme of the violation of the human heart is the real strength of the novel . Dimmesdale suffers far mroe than Hester . He is eaten up by guilt , and nightly flogs himself . He is surrounded by corrupt Puritan leaders , including the Governor and his sister who is an honest to goodness witch . Chillington uses subterfuge to shame Dimmesdale and drive him mad with guilt . Dimmesdale dies of guilt . The novel is immersed in Gothic elements and in typical Hawthorne symbolism which deal with man 's struggle versus sin and good versus evil . The `` Black Man in the Forest '' is the Devil , Pearl is a frighteningly weird girl , a comet prophetizes death , and even ghosts figure in this novel . In many ways , it is a little like Hawthorne 's short story John Goodman Brown , about a man who discovers that the spiritual leaders he once believed were good were really Devil worshippers and when they come for his pious wife he succumbs to evil . The dark world that Hawthorne describes were moralizing tales . The 19th century , with its industrial revolution , capitalism and materialism , was thought by spiritual people to be in danger of losing its soul . Charles Darwin came along and rejected the idea of Creation ! Atheism was spreading , science was advancing and the world was getting bigger . Hawthorne may have been spurred to write novels like this to get the message across that being godly is important in a world that is crumbling in and out .
 I did read the book in hs , so maybe that is when I bought it , but who knows . I just have to write words so that I can be done with reviewing this .
 This slim book is like a three-course meal , where the appetizer is yak anus tartare , the entree is three-day-old caviar , and dessert is a Three Musketeers bar . That is to say , the first part , the Customs House prelude , is so floridly antiquated and negligible , that all but the sternest high-schoolers who 've never had a bar or bat mitzvah will give up and read the Wikipedia plot summary for Monday 's quiz . However , once past that interminable overture , the story actually picks up a bit , though it never really takes flight , and the ending is ... pat . Hawthorne 's idea of the scarlet letter is much more ingenious than his execution
 The book came in in great condition - brand new . It was also on time .
 Package arrived quickly and in perfect condition . I paid for `` used '' books , but the books arrived in brand new condition .
 Where to start ? No , really , I mean , think about it . First of all , the book is packed with , like , a walnut of a story surrounded by a husk of un-understandibilityness -LRB- pardon the mixed metaphor -RRB- . Like theres this rose at the beginnins , but it does n't really mean a rose . Oh no , so much more . Like it represents flowers as a whole -- red , blue , bulb planted and seed -- not just roses . The words are really big -- like even the word scarlet , I had to look that up in my Websters New Dictionary for ages 6 and up . For those of you with the same problem , it means `` a bright red color . '' Who new red had another name-the book is chock full of educational goodies like that . Anyway , the plot
 This is n't your book if your looking for adventure or swordfights or any of that sortI had to read this for my English class and my first impression was from all the other rumors about it . . `` it 's boring '' and etc. . As a result , when I began reading I held that in my mind . However as I kept reading , I discovered Hawthorne 's character are so 3 dimensional in their personality and who they really are . Hawthorne does an AMAZING job of describing his characters and giving them life I could n't help but begin to really love the bookThe only problem was when I had to give my presentation on it . . Hawthorne took all my insight . . hahaha
 Okay I 'll admit right here and now that the first time I heard about this book was indeed for my AP English class but unlike the other degenerates out there I actually appreciated this book . It 's simply amazing ! Hawthorne 's writing is intensely descriptive and so full of symbolism that you 're pretty much drowning in it , but that does n't make him a horrible author . In fact it 's one of the things I love so much about this story.Hester 's shunning from the colony is absurd by today 's standards , but you ca n't compare Puritannical methods to today 's trials and tribulations . If you are then you 're a fool . Anyone with half a braincell will know the glaring differences between how we run things today and how things were viewed back then . This book seems a bit too advanced for seventeen year olds to handle only because they 'd rather be watching reality tv or crappy Hollywood '' films '' to pass the time instead of entertaining their mind with a book.There 's really not much I can say about the book that has n't been gone over and over again in previous reviews
 I recently purchased a copy of Modern Library 's edition of Scarlet Letter . The introduction was very helpful in situating the book in its time , and also in showing how relevant it is to our world . Besides the helpful introduction , this edition has the nicest cover of all those on the shelf . Keep up the good work Modern Library !!!
 Few novels capture the essence of a different time like The Scarlet Letter . Yet reading this novel about strict moral rules leaves one with a difference sense about today 's society . Very often a woman who has a child out of wedlock experiences severe judgments from those around her . Yet the man involved will often stay hidden and not be subject to the same sanctions . Perhaps less changes than we think.Reading this book also provides an uplifting view of the potential for goodness in how well Hester Prynne bears her shame and raises her child . You will also come away with a renewed appreciation for the strength that women often bring to tough situations . The courage to face a disapproving society with little in the way of emotional support is probably greater than the courage needed to face physical danger . You can not help but appreciate Hester as a symbol of true courage.I strongly recommend this book to anyone who wants to understand the Puritan beginnings of our modern American culture .
 I too was forced to read this book in my Literature class , but I do have to say that I am a bit surprised that people my age did not like and understand this book . If anyone remembers there history , they would have known that Hawthorne nailed the Puritan ways with this book , and Hawthorne being a descendent of one of the Judges in the witch trials makes this book even better to read . The way he has written it shows that he is ashamed with his ancestors ' ways . This book was shorter then most I have read and simply to the point . Although it 's not my usual style of reading , I do have to say it was enjoyable .
 The best measure of the greatness of a literary work is its capacity to reward rereading . By that measure , the SL is one of the greatest works of literature , one that keeps American Literature in competition with the other great literatures of the world . This does not mean that the first or second reading will be easy
 The Scarlet Letter shows Nathaniel Hawthorne at his finest . The imagery is quite wonderful , but there 's only so many times you can say the same thing . The images in this novel stretch out far longer than needed.I nearly could n't make it through . I do like to see every detail given it 's fullest attention but even this is too much.This book is one that is very vivid and quite pleasing to understand , but hard to read and not as easy to follow . Sometimes there 's only one resourceful fact in a half a page paragraph.Recommended .
 I read The Scarlet Letter when I was in 10th grade more than 14 years ago . This was one of the three novels , the other two being Beowolf and Great Gatsy , that I remember reading , which tells you how boring high school curriculum was and also how outstanding this book is among its peers .
 Wow , I ca n't even put into words how good this book was , and so much better the second time around . The classic tale of Hester Pryne , forced to wear The Scarlet Letter as a sign to all of her adultery , but she refuses to name her lover who is then forced to bear his guilt in silence.Enough reviewers have recounted the story better than I could . Suffice it to say I loved Hawthorne 's prose , it was very dense and lyrical at the same time , and you have to pay close attention or you might have to backup and reread a paragraph or two . His descriptions of the scenery and people came alive , especially the character of young Pearl . And I very much enjoyed the scenes in the forest -- it was amazing how Hawthorne brought it all to life , even the sounds of the babbling brook.Highly recommended to anyone looking to discover -LRB- or rediscover -RRB- an old classic . Side note to some of the young misses who clearly were n't happy at having this book as required reading in school -- you really really should try to work harder on your spelling , punctuation and grammar when criticizing a great masterpiece such as this .
 Nathaniel Hawthorne became one of my favorite classic writers , after I read The Scarlet Letter . Hawthorne writes with passionate emotion and depth , as he tells how the minister , Arthur Dimmesdale , and the beautiful young , Hester Prynne share a secret which causes Hester , who is the mother of a young daughter , the impish energetic Pearl , to be condemned to wearing the scarlet-colored letter `` A '' stitched to her dress . Even though the language is written in 17 century Puritan New England style , the story addresses issues that are still prevalant today in our modern society.I love this novel . This hardcover edition is the best one to have if you want to keep it for years to come . I 've had my hardcover edition for years , and it is still in perfect condition .
 Wow , this was another high school required reading book for me , and while I really like the story - I walked away from it thinking `` It 's not fair that women get the burden of blame and the man walks away free ! '' Which got me to thinking about whether or not society 's attitudes about infidelity or pre-marital relations have really changed all that much . I love a book that sparks me thinking about things like this one did as well as having a great story to it too . I recommend this book , although , not for younger children , in my opinion , but high school level and beyond would probably appreciate it .
 This book is definitely a classic , contrary to some reviewer 's opinions . The virtues of it have been already told by other reviews , so I wo n't repeat them . Let it suffice to say that this book changed the way I look at the world , the Hereafter , and my fellow immortals.I would also like to briefly point out a bit of irony . Many of the negative reviews here say that the book was to long , and that all those pages would better be summarized like this
 After recently re-reading The Scarlet Letter in this edition , one passage stuck out : `` One day , leaning his forehead on his hand , and his elbow on the sill of the open window , that looked towards the grave-yard , he talked with Roger Chillingworth , while the old man was examining a bundle of unsightly plants . ` Where , ' asked he , with a look askance at them,-for it was the clergyman 's peculiarity that he seldom , now-a-days , looked straightforth at any object , whether human or inanimate , - ` where , my kind doctor , did you gather those herbs , with such a dark , flabby leaf ? '' Even in the grave-yard here at hand , ' answered the physician , continuing his employment . `` They are new to me . I found them growing on a grave , which bore no tombstone , no other memorial of the dead man , save these ugly weeds that have taken upon themselves to keep him in remembrance . They grew out of his heart , and typify , it may be , some hideous secret that was buried with him , and which he had done better to confess during his lifetime . '' Perchance , ' said Mr. Dimmesdale , ` he earnestly desired it , but could not . '' And wherefore ? ' rejoined the physician . ` Wherefore not ; since all the powers of nature call so earnestly for the confession of sin , that these black weeds have sprung up out of a buried heart to make manifest , an outspoken crime ? '' That , good Sir , is but a fantasy of yours , ' replied the minister . ` There can be , if I forbode aright , no power , short of the Divine mercy , to disclose , whether by uttered words , or by type or emblem , the secrets that may be buried with a human heart . The heart , making itself guilty of such secrets , must perforce hold them , until the day when all hidden things shall be revealed . Nor have I so read or interpreted Holy Writ , as to understand that the disclosure of human thoughts and deeds , then to be made , is intended as a part of the retribution . That , surely , were a shallow view of it . No ; these revelations , unless I greatly err , are meant merely to promote the intellectual satisfaction of all intelligent beings , who will stand waiting , on that day , to see the dark problem of this life made plain . A knowledge of men 's hearts will be needful to the completest solution of that problem . And I conceive , moreover , that the hearts holding such miserable secrets as you speak of will yield them up , at that last day , not with reluctance , but with a joy unutterable . ' `` It recalled a recent conversation with an old friend . We got to talking -LRB- writing , actually -RRB- about whether truly private experience is possible . My friend recounted many experiences in which he had intimations of things which we might term `` private ''
 The Scarlet Letter presents to the reader a classic story of man , in this case , woman versus society . The reader is presented with the infamous Hester Prynne who , according to the laws of Puritan society , has committed a sin of adultery . She is forever condemned for this sin , by wearing a scarlet letter `` A '' on her chest to signify that she is an adulterer . When Hester came to Boston as a young woman , she was by herself . To questioning townsfolk she had said that she moved there alone because her husband was traveling for work purposes . However , after she becomes pregnant and gives birth , she 's sent to jail and later publicly shamed for her adultery . Throughout the novel she serves as a cautionary tale to the rest of the world . As time passes , Hester 's alienation from society makes her realize that their opinion is n't worth her pains . She will use this realization to free herself from the stigma that taunts her because of the scarlet letter that she 'd been forced to wear . This novel is an excellent peace of work for anyone who is fascinated by stories in which an individual is facing society alone and experiences a personal awakening . The introduction chapter is very difficult to pay attention to , due to the excessive language which Nathaniel Hawthorne uses . Nonetheless , the subsequent chapters , although adorned by Hawthorne 's redundant language , are interesting . The novel is filled with metaphorical diction . Hawthorne is a master of ornamenting his writing with figurative language . All in all , the novel is an excellent read and I would highly recommend it .
 This book will enrage you , and help you understand the characters more then you ever thought possible . This book can be examined in many different lights to make it enjoyable to almost every type of reader . This book was a class assignment for me , but nevertheless I enjoyed reading it . As classics go , this is definitely one you should n't pass up .
 Warning
 Two months ago I had never even heard of Nathaniel Hawthorne or his famous novel , The Scarlet letter . I feel that the novel was very helpful to me . After studying the time period in which the Puritans lived in both my History and English class I feel that I got a good sense of what life was like for the Puritans . This book was certainly not the best book I have ever read . The book was great for a book that you have to read in highschool . i thought the plot moved along quickly in this story . I feel that nothing really ever happens in alot of those books that we are forced to read . This novel is diffrent . If your about to fall asleep something will happen in this book that wakes you up . There are elements to this book that constantly keep you thinking and wondering who did what ? or who is who ? or what !? Besides just being a decent novle , this novel is fun to analyze.I had alot of fun pulling this book apart with my english class.I realized that something as simple as a rose bush can mean so much for the meaning of the story and the lesson it teaches . This book taught me alot about sin and what sin is all about . I I learned that sin can have some positive affects . Many positive things happened in this book through a child that was a product of sin.This book was a pretty good read . I wouldnt go read it again , but I 'm glad I read it mainly becasue it taught me alot . For a book that you are forced to read in school I give it 10 stars but it is definatley not one of the best books I have ever read . I think you will enjoy it for a book you read in school.Happy reading !
 I 'm sure most of you have heard of the book by Nathaniel Hawthorne , `` The Scarlet Letter '' . Hawthorne weaves a tale of hardship , struggle , and victory as we follow the life of Hester Prynne , a woman who has had a child out of wedlock , whom she names Pearl . She is shunned from the community , refuses to confess the identity of Pearl 's father , and is forced to wear a letter `` A '' on her dress , the symbol for adultery . Fighting against the stifling and hypocritical ways of Puritan life , Hester rebels in her own way , first by embellishing her letter with fine embroidery . This book gives us a look at what it is like to live in Puritan America from not just a woman 's point of view , but a so-called `` sinner 's '' point of view as well . As we read this book , we come to see how the letter becomes a symbol of strength and freedom for Hester , in a fight against facades of piety and hypocrisy . A very good novel , and Hawthorne does a wonderful job in the portrayal of his characters . Another little known fact , Hawthorne 's grandfather was a judge at the Salem witch trials and Nathaniel was so embarassed by the affiliation , that he changed the spelling of his last name to distance himself from his grandfather and what he stood for . A very good novel , definitely something that everyone should read . Besides , do n't you want to know the identity of Hester 's lover ? Go and read this book !
 Many claim that classic literature is a relic of the past that has no relevance to the present , however , Nathaniel Hawthorne 's The Scarlet Letter perfectly depicts how classic literature is classic because it is timeless and not simply timely . We do not live in the Boston , Massachusetts of the mid 1600 's , when people were cruelly ruled by hypocritical Puritan law , nevertheless , persecution , `` sin , '' truth , justice , mercy , revenge , isolation and perseverance reign as powerfully today as they did over 200 years ago.In The Scarlet Letter , Hawthorne beautifully develops the story of Hester Prynne , a young woman who dares to violate the public appearance of Puritan propriety , by bearing a daughter out of wedlock . She is forced to wear the ignominious letter `` A '' upon her chest as a constant reminder and lesson to all , of the burden of sin . The reader follows Hester through seven years of suffering , persecution , and isolation , to find that she is far more sinned against than she has sinned . The truly provocative idea in this book , however , is that it is one of the first books in which the reader sympathizes with the supposed culprit , and only Hawthorne 's masterful use of symbolism and allegory do honor to such an undertaking .
 I found that this book was full of text that is not exactly for the typical high school reader . It is mostly out of date , so most people do n't understand unless they are fairly good readers.As for the story . I believe that is was beautifully put together . I think that it is great how Hester -LRB- the main character -RRB- uses her sin as a way to show that she has strong character . The way it is portrayed is remarkable . I believe that if you are an american literature fan , this is a must-read . The reason for the 4-stars instead of five , most of the vocabulary takes more than basic skill to comprehend .
 The Scarlet Letter is a classic story of love , betrayal , lies , and an evil child all set in a Puritan town in the mid-nineteenth century . Hester Prynne falls in love with some mysterious man and becomes pregnant with his child . There 's a slight problem . She 's married to another man who was n't anywhere near her when she got pregnant . In Puritan society , Hester has committed a serious crime , and when she decides not to turn over her lover to the rest of the town , they force her to wear the letter ` A ' on her chest every day for the rest of her life . With this punishment , she is also mistreated by other members of society who look at her as if she is some kind of vicious monster.This is a great story to teach people about their prejudices and what happens when you fall in love with the ` wrong ' person , especially after you 've already married someone else .
 I first read this book in 10th grade and breezed through it . A few weeks ago , I had to reread this book for my English class . With the plot not so fresh in my mind , I picked up the book again and was amazed at what I initially brushed off . While the idea of a married woman being forced to wear a scarlet A on her chest for producing a child born out of an affair would be improbable today , the story contains many truths about sin , revenge , love , guilt . Also , though some might disagree , his writing is amazing and a joy to read . Pick up this book again , you 'll enjoy it .
 The first time I tried to read this book I had to keep looking in the dictionary , which was very distracting , and the last thing you need when you read this book is distraction ; besides , I was too young to really understand this , anyway . I picked up the book again recently and this time , the first thing that comes to my mind is whether a person like Hester really existed , and if all the things she had to go through without losing her serenity and aplomb happened the way it happens here . Hester Prynne is a married Puritan woman who was condemned to wear a scarlet letter A embroidered in her clothes at all times , to remind everyone of her sin
 THIS BOOK IS A GREAT CLASSIC THAT EXPLOITS THE IDEA THAT A PREACHER WOULD DO THE UNTHINKABLE AND MAKE A WOMAN PREGNANT WHO HE WAS NOT MARRIED TO . THE SPIRIT IS WILLING BUT THE FLESH IS WEAK . I LIKE THE CANDID REALITY OF THIS BOOK THAT DID NOT WHITE-WASH EVERYTHING COMPLETELY AND THE STORY STILL MAKES SENSE IN THE MODERN WORLD , THIS STILL HAPPENS EVEN TO THIS DAY . HOWEVER , THIS TYPE OF BEHAVIOR IS THE WORST POSSIBLE OUTCOME AND THIS IS AN EXAMPLE OF WHAT NOT TO DO .
 This was required reading in high school , but I had read it for myself a couple of years before that , so I was quite ready . Plenty of students did n't like this book , but I ca n't say I am surprised because for those who do not enjoy reading , this can be rather clunky to get through.Still , I enjoyed it . It paints a vivid picture - with a bit of purple prose here and there - of life in Puritan times and the trials of Hester Prynne , condemned by the village for adultery . There was a movie made from this book with Demi Moore and it was pretty good , but the book has a lot in it that the movie does not reveal.I 'm just glad I do n't live in Puritan times - it was hard for EVERYONE , especially women .
 My 12 year daughter was delighted to receive the Scarlet Letter . She has enjoyed reading it through out X-mas vacation . I had forgotten how good literature can be an excellent gift .
 For a first time reading of this classic I recommend this . If you love it you may want a nicer version for the bookshelf . This is a nice quality book though . The printing is n't too small , and neither is the book . It fits right in my paperback bookshelf perfectly with others just like it.And as for the story , I could go on many pages . Just do a few searches for reviews , it 's a classic that will outlive all of us and has a lot to say about human beings and our culture , past and future.One of the best Classics , great one to get started on or to read over and over again .
 The Scarlet Letter by Nathaniel Hawthorne is a great novel . It takes place in Boston , Massachusetts during the era when Puritans were there . The main character Hester Prynne is forced to wear a Scarlet Letter A for adultery because she cheats on her husband while waiting for him to come from Europe.The book really recaptures what Puritanism was like . Its interesting to think about what America would be like if we were still Puritan . A theme of the book is concealed guilt . The minister Arthur Dimmesdale has concealed guilt which causes him severe pain . The message of the book is that you should n't let some minor sin you did in the past haunt you for the rest of your life.The book denounces the religious atmosphere of the Puritan village claiming that it stifled the merriment and joy of the culture of Old England . You get a picture of how the wonderful culture portrayed in the works of Chaucer was lost in America due to the influence of the Puritans .
 I absolutely loved this book , it was so engrossing , could not put it down . Hawthorne has wonderful descriptions , it is a fascinating time in history and he brings it alive . A flawless book .
 It is a very well written book . A little slow to get into , but once there it moved very well and was a pleasure to read .
 I bought this for my junior year in high school -LRB- 11th grade -RRB- , with the intention to take notes & highlight in the book . Our class was simply asked to buy one copy of The Scarlet Letter , and version would do . A book is a book , and I have two very minor complaints about mine .1 -RRB- This -LRB- as with many Dover Thrift Edition books , apparently -RRB- is a `` Green Edition '' book . What this means for me is that the pages are ultra thin , and whenever I use pen or highlighter ink it seeps through the pages , making the back much less legible .2 -RRB- This book lacks footnotes . Not a requirement , but considering that most available versions of this book have helpful footnotes , those would have been nice.Not large faults of the books , just simple ones that caught my eye .
 The book The Scarlett Letter , is very sad but you would really enjoy this book and I recommend this book to everyone .
 A great read that could easily be translated into modern situations . The way Hawthorne explains thing and his use of sybolism adds so much more to the story .
 I never read this in school like most people . It 's a great read . I found certain parts to seem to drag on a bit but overall it is a classic for a reason .
 Perfect book for anyone looking to add one of the `` classics '' to their repertoire.A little dry , but quite short.Referenced in so many other literary/theatrical/cinematic works , from `` The Music Man '' to Family Guy.A different kind of morality tale !
 I am sure this is a book we were required to read in high school because I know the story well , but did not remember all the details . There was much more use of narrative than dialog and I had a hard time with that at first , but I can say I did enjoy the book .
 This book is great . It is exactly what I needed . It is better than any other copy I have and I will continue reading it .
 This a classic of American Literature . I love this story ! The characters are tragic and captivating . It is timeless tale of forbidden romance , deceit , and judgement . It is the Salem Witch trials meets Desperate House Wives , sort of . It is one of my favorite books ever . Pearl is my favorite character .
 I read this book in high school - nearly 20 years ago now - and I have yet to forget the storyline . In fact , although written in a language of a different time , we can find some of the same types of actions happening today - albeit in a more subtle manner.Overall , this is the story of a young woman who committed adultery , and is caught because she becomes pregnant at a time when abortion was not an option . Although many other people in her puritan community have committed the same `` transgression '' , they have n't been caught yet -LRB- i.e. have n't become pregnant -RRB- , so they participate in ruining this woman 's reputation by forcing her to wear a scarlet `` A '' , to symbolize her adulterous nature.I believe that in our society , people tend to do the same thing - they participate in gossip/making fun of people who have been unlucky enough to be caught doing the same thing many other 's are doing day in and day out . For this reason , I feel as though this story is as relevant today as it was when it was written.I do have to agree that the writing is a bit difficult to get through , as the language is quite different than what we are now used to . But , if you have the time and patience to work through it , I think you will find it to be quite an eye-opener .
 The Scarlet Letter is a work of genius . Nathaniel Hawthorne tells his story with astonishingly perfect art . The plot is flawless -LRB- except for the final chapter -RRB- . His prose style , though difficult , is entirely appropriate to the seriousness of his themes . We are taken into the mid-seventeenth century world of the Puritan New Englanders with brilliant economy , the social and natural scene is superbly rendered , the drama is immediately and vividly brought before us.In a holier-than-thou community where the sinner -LRB- a person who has broken one of God 's commandments -RRB- is forever judged , damned and punished , a young woman , Hester Prynne , has been found guilty of adultery . She will therefore be made a permanent example of . The story of the rest of Hester 's life is one half of what the novel is concerned with , showing us the goodness and healthy rebelliousness of the human heart that must , and does , prevail.The other half of the story concerns Reverend Arthur Dimmesdale , Hester 's lover -LRB- the father of their ` unnatural ' , illegitimate child -RRB- , who only near the end reveals his crime to the people of the town . Before this occurs , unlike Hester , who is almost completely ostracised and forced to always wear a scarlet letter A , for Adultery , he is venerated as a saint by the community . His confession exposes the whole compromised , hypocritical system - outcome of a movement which began -LRB- history records -RRB- with hopes of being a ` new Zion ' , ' a city set on a hill ' . The novel is at its most intense when revealing Dimmesdale 's profound spiritual torment as he struggles with his feelings of guilt and need to both confess and keep hidden his ` fallen ' state . Our appalled identification with him , as he recognises his utter damnation -LRB- his conscience continually pricked by Hester 's vengeful , cold , intellectual husband , whose true identity only she knows -RRB- , shows us the full horror of believing sins are never forgiven and must be defeated through suppression of ` corrupt ' human nature.As well as the justly famous symbolism , the story is composed of many other elements , including fable , psychology and the simplest down-to-earth realism . Reading it is to feel that all life - however circumscribed - is here . The characters , especially Hester and Dimmesdale , are so well drawn they rise above symbolic limitations . They are fully realised human beings , with recognisable flaws and virtues.The Scarlet Letter is a book for all humanity and all time . It took me to a world which I sometimes found oppressive and very nearly life-denying , yet due to Nathaniel Hawthorne 's artistry an infinitely enriching and always enjoyable experience . These are , after all , the surest signs of a great novel .
 Frankly , in reading the negative reviews it is clear to me that there is a growing body of illiterates among us . It seems too , that the more a book makes one think the more negaive review it receives from some readers.I do agree that this particular Kindle edition is cumbersome to navigate due to the format but it is still an exceptional book and very worth reading . Not only is the character developmet quite thorough and enjoyable but it gives us a glimpse of the society in which it was written . What I always find fascinating is that this , like most other classics , is about human nature , power and the consequences of actions . So in the end these themes are enduring and feed our desire to look into the hearts and souls of others - to be voyeurs-which is what makes a classic a classic .
 I was always skeptical when teachers used the term `` classic '' when referring to a book . It always seemed to me to be a term to describe books I had to read that were going to suck . The Scarlet Letter was a happy exception ; one that actually has meaning today as it did when written.I really enjoy historical fiction . Hawthorne easily puts a reader into the time period by laying out the facts of puritan life and laws , the dress of the time , as well as with the old-fashioned dialog . Hestor 's husband is `` away '' at sea and she has become pregnant . Normally , adultery would carry a very severe punishment , but the town ca n't prove her husband is alive . So , she is forced to wear a scarlet `` A '' -LRB- for adultery -RRB- on her chest whenever she 's in public . This stigma will pass on to her daughter , despite her innocence in the matter . Hestor 's stoic perseverence in the face of this humiliation is even more poignant when you learn who the father of her baby really is . This tale of a town forcing its morality on a person is still valid today . Women are n't forced to wear a scarlet A -LRB- at least in the US -RRB- , but we still label people who are different or do n't conform to our values.Unfortunately , at the time this was written , authors were paid by the number of pages in their books . Readers can easily guess this caused uncessary bloating in stories and this book suffers the same . There is a lot of description and fluff that I found myself skimming over , but the heart of the story is still excellent . This tale is powerful and meaningful . Highly recommended !
 Hawthhone 's `` The Scarlet Letter '' is literature at it 's finest . The attention to detail for both settings , and especially the thoughs of the characters will chain you to this book . Sin , regret , guilt , self-punishment , and revenge are all detailed in relation to an extramarital affair resulting in a pregnancy . The symbolism is beautiful , the plot tragic , the characters engaging . The `` Scarlet Letter '' is a true masterpiece .
 As an eleventh grader I was assigned The Scarlet Letter to read . When I finished , I was glad I had read it . It was a great book which had me guessing , or should I say wondering all the time . It was somewhat hard to read and completely understand . Published in 1850 , there were words and sentence usage I was n't familiar with -LRB- having CliffsNotes helped a lot -RRB- , but the plot and points Hawthorne made were wonderful . It was a little confusing trying to figure out how Hawthorne felt about certain aspects such as ; sin , adultery , Puritans , and whether or not he thought Hester and Dimmesdale were right or wrong in the things they did . Not knowing his thoughts are what make the novel the way it is . It was fascinating to see Hawthorne 's use of symbolism in this novel ; the way he would take something simple , such as the letter A and turn it into the focal point of the entire novel.If you like mystery , scandal , and an all around classic read The Scarlet Letter !
 There are so many things I could say about this book , but should I reach the heights of elegance achieved only by Shakespeare , Hawthorne himself , or Faulkner , I could not overcome the horrible , terrible misconceptions most people have formed after having this beautiful novel foisted upon them in high school . Instead , I 'll share a few observations and some tips for reading.First , this is a complicated story . It 's not about evil Puritans and hero Hester , although you will read this point of view in the cheat note summaries on the internet . It 's not about feminism , really , nor is it about religion in any technical sense . The only comparison that really fits is that of love story , or love triangle , or maybe love square . -LRB- I told you it is complicated . -RRB- In all of literature , there are very few writers who have penned characters so incredibly real and well-rounded . When you finish the novel , you KNOW these people . Certainly there is some minor societal commentary , but the real story here is about these people.Now , I 'm assuming that many people looking at this page have been told they must read this book for high school English . As a former teacher of said subject , I have some pointers . -LRB- 1 -RRB- Make sure you read the book for yourself . Chances are -LRB- in our current educational system -RRB- your teacher is going to have a flat interpretation of this book , likely gleaned from some ready-made teaching packet . -LRB- If you have another kind of teacher , consider yourself lucky . -RRB- You can have some very interesting class discussions if you actually read the material and challenge some of the majority opinions about the novel . Be a rebel . Have some fun in English . -LRB- 2 -RRB- Read * The Custom House * introduction , but wait until after you 've finished the book . It 's only good in that it explains Hawthorne 's view of his own book -LRB- difficult and painful -RRB- and reveals his struggle to write it . The writing style , however , is decidedly un-Hawthorne and more difficult to read than the rest of the book . If you read it first , you will be unfairly biased against the novel . -LRB- 3 -RRB- Read it SLOWLY , if at all possible . The storyline is complex and should be read with care . I would also recommend underlining and taking notes , if your copy of the book allows it . You will develop a truly deep appreciation of the work . -LRB- 4 -RRB- Finally , avoid the Demi Moore 1995 adaptation AT ALL COSTS . Words can not describe how awful it is . And if your hope is to find something to help you on the test , the only real similarities are the character 's names and the red patch on Hester 's dress . If you must see a film version , find the PBS miniseries with John Heard and Meg Foster -LRB- made in the 1970s -RRB- . It does the best job that a film possibly could with this material .
 This classic work on Puritan life and morality was written 200 years after the events described took place . Hawthorne -LRB- House of the Seven Gables and Twice Told Tales -RRB- begins with an autobiographical description of the Custom House of Salem in his day , of his work there , and of how he came to write this story . He then jumps in ` in medias res ' and we see a woman being put on display before the people of Salem with a scarlet A on her breast , to be worn forever as a remonstrance for her adultery . It is to be a warning to others and a scourge to her soul.We follow the story of this woman -LRB- Hester Prynne -RRB- , the child of her affair -LRB- Pearl -RRB- , her husband -LRB- unknown to the community and in the guise of a doctor -RRB- , and the object of her sinful passion , whom Hester has refused to name before the magistrates , clergymen , or town . Hawthorne treats everything with vivid descriptions and the style of prose popular in his time -LRB- 1804-1864 -RRB- that is often seen as cumbersome today . -LRB- Think Dickens if unfamiliar with Hawthorne 's contemporaries . -RRB- With concentration , however , any reader can get through the seemingly endless procession of commas and insufferably long paragraphs to see the beauty of the story within.Most fascinating is the way Hawthorne describes the physical transformations that occur as a result of their sin . In addition , he lays bare the consequences of sin , not only on Hester , forced to wear the scarlet letter all of her days , but on everyone touched by the adultery.Hawthorne was a transcendentalist , friend to Emerson , Thoreau , the Alcotts , and many other influential thinkers of his time . This philosophy is seen in the reverence with which he describes nature as well as the harshness he has for Puritanical solemness . He holds no approval of adultery , however , even if he does disapprove of Salem 's residents and society , but desires to place before us an example of the consequences of sin , in order that we might not do likewise . He also holds out hope in the last paragraphs that an equality in marriage , such as had not been seen in the 1600s would develop , in contrast to the unhappy unequal marriage to which Hester felt bound . This was another distinguishing trait of the Transcendentalists , especially the Alcotts.It is a classic for a reason , a beacon of time tested truth . It should not be read with a modern eye for it is not a modern tale , but full of what we consider unwieldy language and awkward grammar . However , it is no less a classic to be enjoyed .
 In this classic tale written in 1850 , N. Hawthorne tells the tragic tale of a fallen woman , Hester Prynne . In his essay entitled `` The Custom House '' , the author pretends to have found a mysterious relic of cloth in the shape of the letter along with a manuscript in which a certain Jonathan Pue described the letter 's wearer.Thus the character of Hester Prynne was born , this adulteress who has to wear the shameful letter A embroidered on her garment in scarlet letter and insolent gold thread . Her error is adultery and the Puritan magistrates of colonial Boston decided that she should wear the bright letter affixed to her breath . In the opening scene , Hester is standing dishonoured before the town holding another man 's child just as her long-lost husband Roger Chillinworth arrives in Boston . The story is tightly constructed and takes place in 24 chapters with the action in the first , the twelfth and the last revolving around the scaffold on which Hester suffers her punishment . The structure is taught and essentially limited to the description of the three adult characters of Hester Prynne , Reverend Arthur Dimmesdale and Roger Chillingworth , each in turn wearing various masks to hide themselves from the failures of the human heart . Hester never reveals her lover 's identity thus protecting her from public disgrace but not from his interior sense of guilt . At any rate she is a strong character , a rebel dwelling in solitude which grants her freedom of thought , particularly concerning the fate of women
 Because a member of my book club chose The Scarlet Letter as her selection for the month , I reread this classic tale of love , heartache , loss , and the seamy side of human nature . Although I enjoyed Hawthorne 's novel set in Puritan New England , I found much of the writing so dense that I had to read some of the passages twice , and while I have a fairly decent vocabulary , I 'm glad I read the book on my Kindle Fire so that I could immediately find the definitions of words I did n't know.What I admired about the novel was Hawthorne 's gift for telling a tale so masterfully and for his powers of description . Because of his powerful use of langague , I could see and feel the darkness of the forest , sense Hester 's humiliation , feel Dimmesdale 's guilt , and view the faces of the judgmental townspeople . Then there was little Pearl , a lovely little child often portrayed with sunshine around about her person . Even her name seemed symbolic to me . She was the pearl cast before swine -LRB- in the village -RRB- AND the pearl made beautiful by friction . Chillingsworth , the other major player , appeared evil from the first day he appeared at the scaffold.Throughout the book , I found myself wondering what Hawthorne would think about the world of today ! Reverend Dimmesdale would be an anomaly in today 's `` love ` em and leave ` em '' climate . Hester would be accepted rather than stigmatized , and she 'd likely receive some sort of support , either from her `` partner '' or from the government , and she would n't have to live on the outskirts of town , ostracized by society . I rather enjoy thinking of Hester with an attitude!As a whole , my book club enjoyed The Scarlet Letter except for the extremely long chapter , `` The Custom House . '' The book generated much lively discussion , and all admired Hawthorne 's plot and his depiction of life during that era . This review is based on a Kindle edition with pictures , something that added a lot to my enjoyment of the book .
 The book The Scarlet Letter by Nathaniel Hawthorne was a interesting book . This book is a story about religious and other beliefs . The main women in this story whims name is Hester Prynne . She decides to move to America and start a new life , she is still stays married to her husband though . While she is living in America she has a child with another man . She has to attend trial because of it . After the trial she has to wear a scarlet letter A on all her clothing . Her real husband tries to seek revenge on her . Hester is pretty much hated by everyone so she has to teach herself and learn how to live her life and raise her baby alone . This book takes place in the 17th century during the Puritan time period . This is definitely a book filled with suspense . Some things can be a little boring but all in all a pretty great book . I would definitely recommend this book to people who are wanting to learn about things in the Puritan time . Also I would recommend this book to a mature audience . This book truly shows how people were treated dring this time period . It is a great book and everyone should read it .
 Nathaniel Hawthorne 's The Scarlet Letter is profound piece of literature , and the characters and imagery are beautifully written . Hawthorne takes the concept of morality and adultery and just descripts the struggles from the effected parties extremely well . The one thing that stood out most for me was just how well written all the characters were , you ca n't help to feel their pain and understand what they are going through.Hester Prynne , the bearer of the Scarlet `` A '' on her breast , her badge of shame . Branded for adultery for everyone to see , Hester still has a desire to redeem herself . She never reveals her lover 's identity and for that she has been publically shamed.Her lover is a well respected member of the community -LRB- I wo n't reveal who it is just in case people are n't aware and do n't want a spoiler -RRB- . He is faced with carrying the burden of his sin in secret , always putting his hand over his heart , an expression of the pain that is dwelling up inside him . He lives with his sin until it all begins to unravel and he breaks.Roger Chillingworth is Hester 's husband ; ashamed of the betrayal , he had changed his name so no one would know . He takes up the role of the local doctor , in an attempt to find and get close to his enemy . He has asked Hester to keep his true identity a secret , while he searches for her lover and the father of Pearl.Pearl , Hester 's daughter , known as the demon child , is a devilish by nature . I have the feeling that she is very aware of what 's going on and knows who her father is , and she is just baiting them all to reveal the truth . I always thought of Pearl as the-demon-on-the-shoulder type character.Each character is simply amazing and with the judging townsfolk , the struggle feels so real and you ca n't help but feel for the characters . I found this book more enjoyable after I finished reading it and began reflecting on it . The Scarlet Letter did at times feel drawn out but overall it was well worth reading .
 This book was very good . I have read this book before and had to read it again . The message this book sends is very powerful !!!
 Great book , had seen the movie but the book is much more . It will hold your attention and is an easy read too.Even better , the e-book was free on Amazon !
 I loved this book when I was about twelve . It was so tragic and really held me . However , on my reread I found I did n't like the characters as much . I guess I lost a believe that social pressure could make people hide and internalize something as common as a child born out of wedlock . So this book is still a good read , but I think in my more mature adult self I just did n't care for the plot as much .
 Downloaded to read , got started then was n't too interested in the book , had read it in school years before thought i 'd reread it but never finsihed .
 Awesome!Really shocking in the end ! Could n't believe it ! Thought I would hate it , but I actually loved it ! Amazing
 Well I really liked the book I was surprised how he would call little pearl the demon off spring and I was a little the same
 This is one of my favorite of the classics . Betrayal , adultery . It ca n't much better than that in a classic novel
 I liked this book . It had many twists and turns . The ending was a surprise to everyone , I think . It was to me .
 The ending was good the rest was okay , I 'm glad it 's over so I can read something more entertaining . Yup
 loved it in high school , love it as an adult ... Great book and very informative.Book is written well with ability to keep the reader interested in the book and all it has too offer.Characters and other plot .
 I had to read this for school and since it was on my kindle I could just search a word to find the quote I needed . great book ! Hawthorn 's syntax is just so lengthy !!
 I recommend this read . It was cheap and great to get instantly on my Kindle Fire at my finger tips .
 The last time I read this book was 1980 and a required piece for a class . The story always gave me reasons to think about were values originated . All faiths have a system and justification . Puritan outlook is still threaded in our American culture but diluted . I ca n't escape the mindful link to politics and the human condition . Politicians call for values and virtue in the name of handed down value systems that are humanly flawed and unsustainable . This classic piece will never fail to give one pause to reflect on the human condition ever present in individual values that ca n't be overlooked in a judgement process . Two sides that clash and beg for acceptance . The style of this piece is excellent .
 I really enjoyed this book . Glad it is available on Kindle as I can read it in bigger print , which is helpful for these old eyes .
 This is a great novel to read on a cold winter day ! I love the fast delivery to my kindle too !
 I originally had to read this book in high school and of course did n't actually read it , just read the cliffnotes and skimmed the actual book . I found it on here a couple of months ago and figured I 'd actually give it a read and it 's a great book ! I wish I would have read it years ago !
 Everything was nice and easy , no fuss at all . Book came in perfect condition , no flaws to be found . Recommended to all .
 I started to read this book in high school , and never got the chance to finish it . Now I have .
 I was required to read this book for English class , and it 's my favorite book we 've read all year :-RRB- full of juicy drama , scandal , and humor , the book is more like an entertaining Spanish soap than a boring classic novel some find it to be . If you look at the boon with the right eyes , you can enjoy it :-RRB- -RRB-
 I have heard of this book for many years , and finally got to read it . It a compelling tale of the trials and tribulations of the human heart . A must read !
 The Scarlet Letter is the best Hawthorne book ever written . This book has a good moral value to it and when you read this book you need to let your emotions take over . If you let the emotions take over you will get more out of the story . Through out this book Hawthorne shows his unique writing style . His writing style is long sentences and good vocabulary words to describe what he means . This book talks about how two people of different backgrounds can get along and fall in love . Their town does n't accept people like that so therefore the women had to wear a scarlet letter `` A '' on her chest . In this book there is a lot of guilt , revenge , and pride . There is a lot of guilt involved because of the lady having an affair and she has to wear the letter `` A '' on her chest . This book shows pride also because she does not let the letter and the people of the town bring her down . Her life stayed the same as it was before her affair with another man . The ending in this book is really good . It is weird how they find out that the preacher is the one who had the affair with the lady.Hawthorne wrote this book many years ago and now it fits perfect into our life . We have a lot of relationships in this world of people with different ethic and religious backgrounds . So this book puts into perspective of what it was like to have a relationship with someone not like you back in the late 1800 's early 1900 's . Who would have ever thought that this book would be so close in relationship to how we live now ? This book is such a great book to read . So I think that everyone should read this book and let their emotions take over and they will feel this book .
 This book was very different from any other book that I have ever read . I was very impressed with the way Hawthorne put such a deep meaning into his novel . I have never read a book like it . It 's definitely different from a book like Harry Potter -- there 's not any deeper meaning in that book , it 's cut 'n dry . It 's neat also how much influence Nathaniel 's Hawthrone 's own life has influenced this book . I did not like the the plot or setting so much of the book at first . You really have to think about it and concentrate on what is being said at the end . It 's kind of neat the things that you could say about it , the things you could relate it to . Basically the only thing about it that I did n't like was the the plot was n't action-packed . I like books that have more action and dialog . I think it was a good experience for me though to read it just to get the feel for reading a book like that -- the Old English and the deeper meaning . I would recomend it to people who enjoy the 17th centry and its society , because I think it reflects that very well . As well as reflecting the society of th 1850 's -- the time when Nathaniel Hawthorne wrote this book . It was a pretty good book .
 . I enjoyed this book very much . And it is not outdated for our day especially since fundamentalism is so overwhelming modern civilization subordinating flexibility and lowering tolerance to a zero level . It is here that a story that takes place in the early American Puritan culture is surprisingly not far from today 's anti-sexually neurotic society . While the Puritans appear far harsher , it is only because the fundamentalists were in control . It is no different today , except they are not the majority , not yet anyway , but are growing in vast proportion as can be seen in the censorship of media , music , advertising and entertainment.And so this story would have been revolutionary during the puritan era , it is a valuable lesson and honest when pertaining to the human animal , something which we all are , even if we cease to admit it in our Christian or religious pietism.It is here that a Hester Prynne , apparently a `` liberal , '' had relations with a man and subsequent illegitimate child and refuses to tell the court who the father is . And for this she is labeled as an outcast and sinner . She is publicly humiliated and for the remainder of her life must wear a scarlet letter on her garment that identifies herself as an outcast . And you know people , the jealous woman who love to see others humiliated , the ignorant that may not even understand the nature of the so-called crime but are quick to follow the herd mentality.In the meantime , her prior husband , Roger Chillingworth , is seeking revenge to the father of her child , who turns out to be the most well respected man of the Puritan town , the ever so idolized and admired preacher himself , Arthur Dimsdale . But Hester maintains complete dignity through out the entire novel . And it is only in the end that the poor mentally distraught hypocrite preacher finally admits his Christian sin , this due to the internal guilt and hypocrisy that Christian insecurity so often does , as it almost always debilitates a person 's courage to be with self-beating analysis and repression from externally determined codes.And today , there it is , watch the news programs and you will see more than one Hester Prynne who will receive just as bad treatment , if not worse . Currently there are two women who had sex with minors , one being jailed , her beau still loves her and is waiting for her , the other , a young 23 year old , about to be punished severely I 'm sure.I can just imagine the severe beating other societies , such as the intellectuals of the ancient Athenian Greek culture , would receive in our modern day Augustinian society . Puritanism lives in the right wing conservative morality that is permeating our present culture . Please Mr. Dimsdale right wing conservatives , Mr. & Mrs. Evangelical Christians , let go , admit your hypocrisy , cease judging others , and let 's evolve to higher levels of human consciousness , not regress .
 I thought the book was good , but it was way too descriptive and wordy . It is about the consequences of a woman who committed adultry and has to suffer the conseqences of bearing an illigitimate child . It deals with the feelings of guilt and isolation . It gives us a history lesson as to how this type of crime was dealt with in the late seventeen hundreds -LRB- I think that 's when it took place -RRB- . The problem was that it was very wordy and overdescriptive . The author used huge words and I had to have a dictionaory with me at all times . The length of the book could have been cut in half if the author had been more direct and to the point . It was a good book , but it probably should not be read by a high school student like me . I say this not because of the subject matter , but because of the vocabulary and long sentences . It has some Shakspearian language in it -LRB- thou , art , thee -RRB- which make the simple plot even harder to understand . I would recommend that you wait until college before you read this book , unless you have a very large vocabulary .
 I do n't think that the first review did it justice . It is a great story , and although is is difficult to read , once you get into it you ca n't put it down . So I give it a solid 4 stars .
 If stories of sacrifice , strength , commitment and love perk your interests , then this may be gratifying reading material for you . Hawthorne 's text , The Scarlet Letter , requires concentration and thought to comprehend some of the wording . This book has a copious amount of run-on sentences which makes it seem way too drawn out . I also found it challenging to follow the plot and theme because of the ample amount of detail provided about each character and the various situations . I can see why The Scarlet Letter is considered a classic , but I would not recommend it to anyone .
 When people think of a `` scarlet letter , '' we immediate think of a person outwardly branded for something they have done . Credit Nathaniel Hawthorne 's `` The Scarlet Letter '' for that -- it 's an intense , impassioned -LRB- if slightly hammy -RRB- story of a strong-willed woman in Puritan New England , who is branded for her sins and her love for one weak man.In the mid-1600s , a passionate young woman named Hester Prynne has been accused of adultery -- she recently had a baby , even though her husband was abroad . Just as damning to the elders is the fact that she wo n't name baby Pearl 's father . Even her estranged husband -- a cold-hearted older man calling himself Roger Chillingworth -- wants to know her lover 's identity , but Hester steadfastly refuses to even hint at the man 's identity.We learn early in the book that Pearl 's dad is actually the local minister Arthur Dimmesdale , who is wracked with guilt , hallucinations and sickness because of his secret adultery . Chillingworth slowly deduces who his wife 's lover was , and begins to scheme revenge on Dimmesdale . Will the former lovers manage to escape their guilt-ridden lives , or will they reveal the truth to everyone?It sounds like `` The Scarlet Letter '' is JUST a story about guilt and sin , but it 's also a story about love and steadfastness . Hester remains strong and kind throughout her life despite others ' cruelty to her , and her love for Dimmesdale and Pearl is what gives her that strength . Chillingworth -LRB- symbolic name ! -RRB- is a cuckold , but it 's impossible to like him because of his lack of love -- he loves no one , and lives only for revenge.And at the same time , Hawthorne reminds us that goodness can overcome your past sins . Hester slowly overcomes the Puritans ' loathing for her by simply being charitable , kind , helpful and loving , until eventually her sin is eclipsed by her virtues . On the flip side , Dimmesdale is annoying because of his weakness and cowardice -- I know he 's supposed to be wracked with guilt , but he 's so pathetic compared to Hester that it 's just infuriating.Hawthorne 's writing may take a little while for modern audiences to get used to . It 's very 19th-century in style , with staid , slightly stuffy prose gilded with hauntingly poetic moments and intense passion -LRB- `` Never , never ! '' whispered she . `` What we did had a consecration of its own '' -RRB- . At times Hawthorne 's story gets a little ... hammy -LRB- such as Dimmesdale revealing his `` A '' burn scar -RRB- , but the power of his story keeps this from getting silly . `` The Scarlet Letter '' is used to describe outward signs of guilt , but Hawthorne 's novel is actually about strength and love , and how they can blot out misdeeds .
 The Introduction -LRB- Custom House -RRB- was too long and boring for my taste , if only its purpose was to let the reader know how the author got hold of the manuscript of the Scarlet Letter , and the scarlet letter itself.Nathaniel Hawthorne tackled a very sensitive subject dealing on both the shame and triumph of a woman . It 's a pity for women of the 1700s to be treated the way Hester Prynne was . Equality and understanding between the sexes , women 's liberation and empowerment have indeed gone a long way since that time , though there are still societies in the present that place a low regard to women . The situation of the society at the time being so , it was remarkable of Hester to be very resilient and faithful - either that was her nature as a very unique woman of her time or probably more because she was a mother looking after the sake of her child.Though short , I took time reading this book as I had to go back not a few times for better understanding of a very dated prose . That notwithstanding , it was very well written as to hold the interest of the reader ; it is full of timeless lessons about faith , forgiveness , judgment , humility , love , resilience ... the list is endless .
 Read it for the first as a school project and fell in love with it . One of the few classics that get better every time you read it . Also one of the few romances that is n't sappy but is also epicly heart rending at the same time .
 I believe I 've read this before ... but since not sure ... I purchased it after watching `` Easy A '' with my teens ... It was an excellent book ... Timeless ... Yes - it was difficult to decipher the 2011 meaning of some of the sentences ... but I took it slow and I believe I was able to understand most of it . . It would have been helpful to be part of a book club to understand the nuances of this ... but indeed ... the characters are timeless and the public castration is the same now as ever was ... Excellent read in 2011 as ever.Mary
 This is required reading for my 16 yr old son ... book arrived quickly & in great shape ! Very Pleased !
 The Scarlet Letter by Nathaniel HawthorneThe Scarlet Letter by Nathaniel Hawthorne is a great American novel !
 And the entire text . Take a long drive and enjoy the novel one more time .
 I have made it a point to read as many classic novels as possible . I just recently read this version of the Scarlet Letter and say it is a must read . The book itself was in great condition , it even smelled new !
 I highly recommend this book for those who wish to escape from the real world through this alternate reality ! Witness strange old fashioned punishments and let your ethics be applied to this imaginative play . The Scarlet letter illustrates the message of being honest and embracing your flaws and your talents or else it will lead to your downfall . When Hester is punished to wear her scarlet letter and to be publicly ridiculed for her sins , Hester chooses to avoid as much human contact as possible . Whenever she had to go into public she described her goings as torture , for every single person in town was looking down at her with shame and disgust . As Hester deals with her punishment and her troublesome child , Pearl , Hester learns to use her skills with crafts to help those in need . Honesty is also shown as an essential lesson in Scarlet letter as seen through the downfall of Pastor Dimmesdale , who refuses to tell anyone that he was Hester 's partner in sin , in fear that it would ruin his prestige . His evil secret eventually drove him mad and he soon became cursed with visions and serious health problems . He eventually was unable to take the guilt of lying to his congregation and confesses to his followers who became shocked at such an unbelievable confession of such a `` holy '' man . Read this book and experience the plot come alive with its dark imagery and masterful writing ! I highly recommend this book for those who are interested in historical fiction , and the message of the book will never be forgotten , it encourages the need of forgiveness for the regretful and proves that redemption can be found by anyone .
 Written in 1850 , The Scarlet Letter is a work of art and brilliance . Hawthorne 's intricate writing and entrancing plot make this novel a classic in American Literature . The characters and the symbols they represent can keep even the most critical readers lost in thought . The book itself seems not to be written as merely a story , but rather as a lesson for the reader , often leaving one lost in thought for days after finishing.The book opens with a long , somewhat unnecessary introduction . If you are an impatient reader , skip this . It is not necessary to the overall plot . However , once you move into the actual story , the novel is hard to put away . I spent two weeks reading a novel that I usually could read in two days . The language is dense and the ideas masked and I often found myself re-reading the same paragraph , page , or even chapter just to ensure that I had found the real meaning.The main character , Hester Prynne , is found to have had an adulterous affair with an unknown and unannounced lover and to be with child . Living in a puritan society , her punishment is harsh since the Bible is their law . She is forced to stand on a scaffold with her illegitimate child and bear the discrimination of the town . Furthermore , Hester is required to wear a letter `` A '' on her breast to show the extent of her sins for the rest of her life . The priest of the town , the Reverend Dimmsdale , takes pity on her and tries to console Hester and her daughter Pearl . To further complicate things , Hester 's husband , a man now known as Chillingworth , returns to the town after a two-year absence . Disgraced by his wife 's actions , he pretends to be a physician to avoid any relation with Hester 's scandalous acts . The novel progresses through the drama and effects of the psyche on the characters.Overall , the writing style , while sometimes dense and difficult to comprehend , is unique and entrancing to read . A bit forward in his approach , Hawthorne lavishes in detail and thought of the characters , acting as God and narrator . The book , admittedly , is hard to read and often simply confusing as to what Hawthorne is trying to get at . Despite all of these shortcomings , I still find that the novel is one worth reading over and over again . It is one of those books that can be read thirty times , yet still manages to hold another surprise the thirty-first .
 I was quite skeptical when my teacher told my class to read this book , as I knew it was another `` Hawthorne '' book that the English Department required the students to read . But as soon as I read past the intro where the narrator introduces himself to the readers , I actually found this book quite fascinating and quickly began to appreciate Hawthorne 's writing . The Scarlet Letter revolves around the life of a young woman who is branded as an adulteress who must wear a scarlet letter A on her chest . She is ostracized by her town and also has an unforgiving husband who wants to do much harm to her lover . It goes on to chronicle how the young woman , Hester Prynne , overcomes the odds of being ostracized and accepts her sins and grows as a person.One hesitation readers might come across when trying to read this book is its language used by Hawthorne in the book . This was one of my biggest challenges when reading this book because there were times when I did not understand the language and thus could not understand Hawthorne 's purpose in writing a certain phrase or sentence . But other than that , I thought that this book was extremely well written not in the sense that it is by a `` famous '' writer , but that it teaches readers to question their own morals and ideals . This book is a book that can not be read only once , as the first time , it is read to be understand but the second time it is read to be enjoyed.Though The Scarlet letter was written in a time where women did not have much say in their societies , it is evident through the narrator 's tone that Hawthorne had much respect for women and illustrated Hester as someone who was strong and independent . Because of his illustrations of women as courageous , individual figures , Hawthorne not only depicts one side of the society , but rather two . I understand there are many of you that may find this book boring or just another assignment to be finished , but I strongly suggest you to read The Scarlet Letter because not only does it have a story that is entertaining , it contains lessons that teach us about our own morals that can be applied even 100 years from now .
 Hester Pryn is a flawed selfish vain young woman who at the beginning of this novel has been caught by the Puritans for the Crime of Adultery and punished by being forced to wear a scarlet letter , the letter A , for all to see so they may know her crime Adultery which she will have to wear until she repents and names the man with whom she sinned -LRB- he turns out to be the colony preacher -RRB- . She has also born a child as a consequence of her misbehavior.Her husband offers to reconcile If she repents and names her seducer . -LRB- He 's ready to believe she is a victim -RRB- . Her vanity prevents her.This is a novel of flawed people . Pryn 's vanity . The parson 's moral doubts . Chillingsworth 's fury.A nice period piece . It is really hard to sympathize with anyone other than Pearl , Hester Pryn 's daughter.Ironicy I find myself wondering about Chillingsworth , once he gets his revenge he just ages up and dies but before he dies he makes Pearl his heir giving her a vast fortune .
 It is not as much about adultery as it is about the corruption of unconfessed and unforgiven sin . Adultery is simply a vehicle for the author to deliver the underlying message and compare the lives , minds and souls of two sinners and the secret they share . The writing is in the Puritan style which befits the time period and the mindset of the characters . Some have complained about the language as being outdated but this is not a valid concern . The book should be read as the author intended . The style becomes easy to read with exposure to other period works . The Puritans preached much about sin as the evil of evils and how it corrupted the entire being . The true scarlet letter is the one worn within that sears the soul and not the one worn without . Hester 's sin leads to redemption . Her public humiliation and shame is simply a mirror of the sin hidden within the people she lives with . Her public punishment is an expression of other 's fear of contamination by sin as self judgment turned outward . The error of the townspeople is in their hardness of heart in failing to pray and help bring the sinner home . Here , piety itself becomes religion rather than love of God and fellow man . Such outward piety without true love is a stumbling block to salvation and is paradoxically sinful . Shame and fear of public humiliation and becomming an outcast stands in the way of confession of sin and ultimately forgiveness and salvation . Hawthorne hangs the millstone around the neck of false and self-deceptive piety . This is timeless lesson and the stuff of great literature .
 I thought this book was an excellent piece of writing . The symbolism surrounding such objects as the `` A '' itself , the blacken weeds , and the sign in the sky make the story deep , and leave much of it open for interpretation . Hawthorne 's use of details was also very good . His descriptions added so much to the plot and setting , but mostly to the symbolism of the book . I think the book is definitely a `` must read . ''
 The Scarlet Letter is one of the most fascinating and interesting books I have ever read . It questions people 's integrity and standards , along with forcing people not to underestimate one 's capability of being infalliable . Hester Prynne is a perfect example of how one can have a ruined reputation and still choose to do good .
 I imagine that people who read this book in the days it was first published had mixed views pertaining to the story of a woman who is scorned for committing adultery . There were those who likely condemned the book -LRB- priests , conservative high-class citizens -RRB- , while others heralded its many themes and praised its originality -LRB- women , other authors , and open-minded beings -RRB- . I give this book five stars for Hawthorne 's ability to move people to so many feelings , including myself , with his diction , his syntax , and his endless use of literary devices to convey Hester Prynne 's suffering , the downfall of a minister loved by his parishioners , and a man whose lust for revenge feeds on itself time and again . Speaking from experience , in reading this , one must look over each sentence very carefully and shred it to pieces in order to gain the fully intended information which Hawthorne wished for readers to digest . While not the easiest read of one 's life , it is certainly one of the most enlightening , with its naturistic and societal themes that set it apart from other works of any time period . This tapestry of Puritan life stands as a brilliant example of a novel that will touch many more in years that follow .
 Nathaniel Hawthorne wrote a prolific and profound novel . Who could n't feel Hester Prynne 's pain , Arthur Dimmesdale 's shame ? Was I the only one who felt hatred towards Roger Chillingsworth ? As a 16 year old sophomore , I was not happy when I was told I had to read this book . I am glad that I did . My honors English teacher told our class to read the book , write an essay , and take a test on it . I wish she would have spent more time examining the characterization , setting , and symbolism that Hawthorne used to create his stunning novel of sin , guilt , and redemption .
 The Scarlet Letter is not a dull book if you get into it . It is true that it 's language can be hard to read and understand at times , but that does not make it uninteresting . The main story , may not be considered exciting , but the novel is full of literary elements that make it a good book . Several faults are pointed to in this `` perfect '' Puritain town in which the story takes place . The book uses good elements like foreshadowing , foil characters , and a lot symbolism . A main point of the book is Hester 's admiting her guilt as compared to her `` lover 's '' hiding his guilt . I 'm not going to tell you who she had the affair with , but it will be soon figuared out when you see the signs of his scarlet letter . The book may not be as exciting as some , but do n't let this keep you from reading it , because it really is good .
 Call me a sucker for classics , well I am . This novel brings forth issues that are still with us today . Yes , the book was written over 100 years ago , but it deals with Single mothers in a two-parent society and how the outsiders to the situation -LRB- townspeople -RRB- deal with Hestor Prynne and her daughter , Pearl . Even today we seem to look down upon single mothers as nothings , even though they are doing the best they can to raise their child -LRB- ren -RRB- and to survive themselves . Nathaniel Hawthorne seems to be writing about not only the early settlers , but also about HIS time and OUR time all in the same book . I give it five stars because of it 's beautiful discription of the trials and tribulations of single-parenthood .
 The Scarlet Letter is a good book , although it can be difficult to read . It is a book in which a young and beautiful woman , Hester , has committed a very serious sin of that time and is being punished by wearing a scarlet `` A. '' The letter begins to take on new meanings throughout the book and this shows a unique way in which bad things may come to represent some good things . The book also represents opposites . Chillingworth and Dimmsdale live under the same roof and are totally opposite from one another . Both have different goals that they are trying to achieve . Dimmsdale is trying to find happiness , forgiveness , and strength to confess . Chillingworth is like a leach to Dimmsdale in that he is trying to draw the life out of him and every means to happiness that he may ever have . The book showed symbolism through different aspects that really made you think about what the author was trying to express to you .
 I read this book for English class and liked it , here is the essay I wrote on it . The scarlet Letter is permeated with polarity and duality . polarity is the existence of doubles . In the Scarlet , opposites exist side by side and doubles exist side by side . In accordance to the foreshadowing , `` No sensible man , it was confessed , could doubt on which the victory would turn . The people looked with an unshaken hope , to see the minister come forth out of the conflict transfigured with the glory which he would unquestionably win , '' good will eventually overcome evil . Dimsdale and Chillingworth live side by side under the same roof ; yet , they are different in many ways . Each looks very different from the other ; whereas Dims is a pale and attractive young man , Chill is a dark and ugly old man . Hetser 's feelings towards the two men foil . Hester stays in the land where she is scorned just out of love for Dims ; however , Hester depicts her feelings for Chill as , `` I hate him ! He betrayed me ! He has done me worse than I did him ! '' Even the townspeople view Chill as the healer of the body and Dims as the healer of the soul . Dim 's words `` affected them like the speech of an angel '' ; however , the people would probably be cautious of Chill 's words , `` a large number affirmed that Chill 's aspect had undergone a remarkable change , '' maybe into something demonic . By being opposites who live under the same roof and exist in the same story , Dims and Chill is an example of polarity . Hester and Dims living in the same colony in the same story is another example of polarity since they are opposites of eachother . Hester is justified , she had the courage to announce her sin even though she knew she 'd be publicly scorned ; Dims , on the other hand , is not justified , he was too proud to admit his sin and so should not have been idolized by the people . - i 'm goin to stop now though i 'm not finished
 Although The Scalet Letter is superbly written and there is no denying the greatness of Nathanel Hawthorne , I must admit that the book was , perhaps , a bit on the dry side . Hawthorne , himself having grown up in Puritan Salem , writes from first-hand experience of the unwavereing rigidity and intolerance of Puritan society . Hester Prynne , having committed the unthinkable sin of adultery and conceiving her illegitimate child Pearl , becomes a veritable pariah as she is forced to live on the outskirts of town and wear the ignominious scarlet letter A on her bosom for eternity.In sanctimonious colonial Salem , Hester 's impropriety is tantamount to murder in today 's society . She , however , should not have to bear the guilt alone . As they say , it takes two to tango . Reverend Dimmesdale , in his absolute cowardice , is just as , if not moreso , guilty than Hester . Furthermore , the biggest coward and hypocrite proves to be none other than her spineless husband , Roger Chillingworth . I must say that the reading was at times a bit laborious , but a good read nonetheless . I must further confess that the movie version with Demi Moore is much more rewarding , although the book should undoubtedly be read first .
 Well I read this book and it amazed me . The first time I read this book I thought it was stupid . page after page it got better . Well this book is about a girl who commits an adultery . The girl 's name is Hester . So she gets an A on her dress and she goes to prison . Her husband left her like a coward . and I do n't want to ruin the story so I will recomend this book to anyone who wants a good read . When I read this book i thought it was hard comepare to the books LORD OF THE FILES and THE ANIMAL FARM . so just read THE SCARLET LETTER .
 I got the auido book cuz I did n't have time to read the book for my english report and exam . I listen to it for one week and did a great book report and did great on the final exam . I did better listen than reading .
 This eddition of the book is not about the excellence of the story - but , rather a consise review of Hawthorne 's writing of several of his works . It is excellent for the student of the author
 The author added so much feeling and description in this novel which was very appealing . The way that symbolism , description , suspense , revenge , and romance were all rolled into one wonderful literary piece was excellent . Many books have a lot of description but do not have such an effect on some people 's emotions as this story did.Some say that this book is hard to understand . The thing with this novel is that you either have to really get into the book or be used to reading old English . They only thing that was slightly confusing is when the author would add his point of view and the reader would not know who was talking . The language was perfect for the times.This novel is worth reading . The novel is never boring . The author always finds a way to catch attention . The story kept getting more and more complicated . When one of Hester Prynne 's problems would seem not as significant , something else would arise . This book has a sad truth for many humans . When we have a problem and suddenly they go away , there is always some other thing that accompanies its end.This book is just right for the high school reading level . The reading can be challenging for some students while others will like the pace . High school students should be presented some challenges with such readings . Education and literacy are the backbone to this country . To get a good job when you are older , we should be challenged .
 One ofthe greatest novels in all of literature , The Scarlet Letter by Nathaniel Hawthorne , tells of a life vastly different from those that we live today . Rejecting the present permissive lifestyle to which we were accustomed , the reader is entrenched in the gloom and doom of Puritan society . It is an exposure to a law that tells what to wear , how to think , and whom to love . The Scarlet Letter is a story of law versus human nature , hypocrisy , and of undeniable passions.Enlightening and refreshing , the reader is taken on an adventure and fully understands the risks of living passionately , beyond the limits that society sets . A novel that can be enjoyed by all ages , The Scarlet Letter is a masterpiece of its time .
 While the life of a modern person of Christian faith may not be well-reflected in this book , the ideas are.The struggle of legalism vs. liberality ... truth vs. lies ... faith vs. fear . Boiled down , in one respect , is the question of what makes a true Christianity , the sort who has as much integrity as claimed . Living as Christ would live is a high standard , and Hawthorne demonstrates the multi-layered issues fallible people deal with.True to the genre and period of writing , Hawthorne is as much of a character as the ones he writes about . While today 's novels are embroiled in myopic first person narratives , `` The Scarlet Letter '' enjoys the psychological unravelling of characters through analysis , observation and deduction . `` The Scarlet Letter '' asks questions we no longer ask , and draws out intrigue as the reader page-by-page wonders what is the best response to a Christian woman who has given birth outside of wedlock , and what response is appropriate for the dodging minister . When is it hypocrisy and when is it simple inconsistency?I fully recommend this book.Anthony Trendl
 I thought this book was excellent ! The plot really captured my attention , and though i admit at times it was a boring , I usually could n't put it down . Her mysterious lover was a shocker , and kept me guessing all the way ! I really recommend this book !
 This is a book on the thoughs and motivations of a person who is outcast . The specifics are nonsense to just about any other time than those of the Puritans , but the humanity is still the same . It 's a story so easy to relate to because we have our own scarlet letter or letters . Our own scarlet letter might be our appearance or our lack of education . Read the book and do not concern yourself of those who say the book is difficult . It is not . Hawthorn uses a few words that you might find as stumpers on your SAT tests , but hey why not just learn those and titillate your friends with them sometime . Meanwhile enjoy .
 `` The Scarlet Letter '' , by Nathaniel Hawthorne is a book about how keeping secrets can ruin a person . A very realistic view of how a society can treat others . Even though many of the towns people were no more innocent than Hester in many ways , they looked on her as one of the worse sinners in town , unable to be touched by the rest of society .
 Last night I was watching a television show in which there was a high school English class scene and the students are bored to tears while reading and studying `` The Scarlet Letter . '' Few things burn my butt more than when I see this myth that `` The Scarlet Letter '' is boring perpetuated . This book is an absolute masterpiece and one of the great pieces of Art by an American -- and I thought that in 9th grade when I read it for the first time.People who do n't like the book are not immersing themselves in it . You have to shut out all distractions because every word and scene is so critical . Morality , shame , hypocrisy , redemption , righteousness and ostracism can not just be thrown onto a page -- there must be a build up . Almost twenty years and countless books after having first read `` The Scarlet Letter '' I consider it to be my favorite book of all time .
 There is a reason why the Scalet Letter has the station of a classic in todays society , and it is because the book encompases a grand depth that is severly lacking in so many books in our contempoary society . It is not a book for an imature audience , as its themes run multi-layered and can be misunderstood by the ignorant mind . But let not that ignorance , caused , most likely , by the simple-mindedness of the mediums we are today exposed to for entertainment , tarnish the image of this sacred epic . Um , its a really good book .
 As a young person , I must say ... This book ROCKS ! I read this book for the first time as an assignment . I have read four or five times since and each time I get something different out of it . Hawthorne 's characterization is a masterpiece ! He explores the psychological impact of ostracization . A story of redemption and hope . Read it and cry , smile and then sit and ponder . Guaranteed to have an impact on your live
 I personally consider this book one of the best ever written . It is full of symbolism and insight into todays society . The rosebush , the prison door , the scarlet letter , Pearl herself , the forest , the scaffold-every element in this story contains a symbolic nature which can be explored deeply . It is a truly amazing book . Upon reading it again , many new truths and plot elements can be uncovered that were n't noticed before . This book has the potential to leave the reader with a different view of society and life .
 Hawthorne 's masterpiece is beautifully written and skillfully constructed . It 's message is subtle , yet pervasive
 Nathaniel Hawthorne does a great job of including detail , I think that is one of this book 's strengths . It also has a very believable moral message , which makes it the classic known around the world . Classic is a repulsive word though , this book does n't contain all the boring and repetitive characteristics of classics written 6,000 years ago . The book is n't just some ancient work written in an Italian province either . It was written here in america , maybe a little under 200 years ago . Classic maybe , but this is the only classic I 'll read .
 Nathaniel Hawthorne is a superb writer of American history with an interesting story to tell . When he first wrote this story he was told , probably by the an editor or publisher , that the story needed to be longer so that it would be considered a novel . So he went back and incorporated filler and massive detail into his story and that is the book you have before you today . If you do n't read this , you are missing out . It may not have dinosaurs eating people on a remote island or worse yet San Diego , or any other worthless s *** , but it was written with actual talent . This writer does n't need unbelievable effects and wild stories to make a good story . READ THIS BOOK NOW !
 What greater journey than to delve into the human heart ? Every emotion one can nurture there is here , bared and examined.Hester , at once forthright and complex , serves as our guide , as she wanders the lambrynth of her own private neart.That we can fall , sin , disappoint and still find redemption in confession make the message of The Scarlet Letter a most comforting tract for out day .
 I , too , read the Scarlet Letter in high school because it was part of the curriculum , but I have to say , from the very start , this has been one of my favorite books . The subject matter is deep for its time , I doubt too many books were written about the topics of sex and adultery in the mid 1800s ! Hawthorne was ahead of his time . But adultery and lust are not the only sins on display here . Greed , vengenence , jealousy , hypocricy , shame and guilt are all touched on in great detail . I always thought this was a brave choice for the curriculum of my all-girl Catholic high school honors English class ! The class was not taught by a nun , thank goodness , and it most likely would not have been , given the subject matter . We were uncomfortable enough to have our male English teacher address the topics of this book ! All that aside , though , the book is a timeless classic and I hope that it is still on the high school curriculum reading lists across the country . It gives us all something to think about and it does teach us , indirectly perhaps , how to deal with the fall-out of our actions and choices . We are mere humans and the flesh is weak -- that 's a given . How we deal with the consequences and the guilt determines our character and our destiny , as much , if not more so , than our acts themselves . To commit adultery like Hester , and OWN it , by admission -LRB- or accusation -RRB- , is HONORABLE -- because Hester did n't cover it up or lie to save face for herself or her child . They both held their heads high , or learned to eventually , which is why they were able to live their lives . Hester 's lover , however , hid behind his act -- lived in shame and tried desperately to cover up his -LRB- and Hester 's -RRB- actions . This is the same as denial . He therefore denied Hester and their daughter . His outcome was not so good . And the Puritan community revealed their own dirty laundry in how they treated Hester and Pearl . Life lessons for us all -- I think the worst anyone could be is a hypocrit . Do n't pretend to be something you 're not . Hypocrits are among the worst of sinners . -LRB- and THAT can be found throughout the Bible ! Sinners who admitted their sins and owned up to them were always saved . Those who hid behind their sin and acted self-righteously , were almost always condemned -RRB- . There 's a bit of Hester in all of us , no one is without sin . Hester had enough dignity to admit it .
 I bought this as a present for my dad and he really loves it . It shipped very quickly and I had no problems at all with the order .
 This classic novel holds up extraordinarily well more than 150 years after it was written . A staple of middle school and high school reading lists , it carries lessons for both youth and adults , despite being premised on a notion that is completely foreign to our present culture , even the religious wing of the culture.The plot centers around Hester Prynne , a beautiful young woman who has a romance with an unknown man and becomes pregnant . Since this takes place in Puritan America , roughly the 1650s , in Salem , Mass. , Hester is shunned by society . Physically , she is unharmed -- though author Nathaniel Hawthorne makes it clear that branding her or killing her would not have been out of the question at the time -- but she is made to wear an embroidered `` A '' on her clothing for the rest of her life . In a defiant move that few women would have dared , Hester refuses to name her lover before a public inquiry.Over the next seven years , Hester goes about her business as well as she can . She moves to a hut on the outskirts of the city ; she suffers the scorn of preachers and townspeople ; and she does not even seek any playmates for her daughter . Gradually , she earns respect from the citizens of the town for her remarkable embroidery skills , her willingness to accept her punishment without complaint , and her dedication to the poor and downtrodden.Meanwhile , Hester 's husband -- to her shock and dismay -- arries in Salem . He was presumed to be lost at sea , and it was , presumably , why Hester had her romance with another man . Her husband swears her to secrecy , and he becomes a respected doctor in town . Quickly , he realizes that a brilliant young minister in town was the man who loved Hester -- and that minister is withering away from guilt . The doctor befriends the minister and becomes his physician , yet it is apparent that the doctor is really bent on torturing the doctor for his sin.Matters eventually come to a head . I wo n't reveal the outcome . But I will make a few observations about the lessons in the story .1 . The idea that an affair would leave a person an outcast is hard to imagine in our culture . But , of course , homosexual affairs have ruined the careers of many religious and political leaders -LRB- those who made their marks with anti-gay rhetoric -RRB- . And other countries and religions still punish adulterers viciously
 Much to my amazement , this book has been placed on banned lists in several states . It 's an excellent study of the devastation caused by guilt . Although the story does allude frequently to adultery , there are no graphic details that would make it unsuitable for use in a high school classroom . Both the illnesses caused by guilt and the good health of those who overcome it are made clear .
 Is `` The Scarlet Letter '' worthy of being considered a classic ? Why do some love it and some hate it ? These are questions that played through my mind when I picked up this book . I 'm a fan of some of Hawthorne 's short stories -- `` Ethan Brand , '' `` The Bosom Serpent , '' `` Young Goodman Brown , '' among others -- but I found his novel , `` The House of the Seven Gables , '' long and plodding.Boy , was I in for a surprise!Yes , this book employs an antiquated style of English dialogue and sentence structure . True , the introductory chapter about the Custom-House can seem tedious . -LRB- And , if your edition comes with a modern introduction , please skip it till after you 've read the book , since many of these misguided pages give away the book 's key twists . -RRB- Once I got into the actual story , though , I was hooked . I took my time . I invested in each page , each paragraph , giving myself to the story of Hester Prynne , a woman whose child out of wedlock has revealed her adultery and subjected her with a lifetime of wearing a red A upon her chest , a fair warning to all , a constant reminder of her sin and shame.Hester faces her guilt and tries to amend her ways . Hester 's husband , who was thought lost at sea , makes an anonymous appearance in the community , even as the man responsible for Hester 's child tries to bear the weight of his own sin in secret -- and begins to physically and emotionally wither beneath that burden.Despite Hester 's reputation as a worthy seamstress , the town leaders want to take away her young daughter and give her to parents who will set a better example . Hester confronts the leaders head-on , feeling that her daughter is the one thing she has left to live for , and the one good thing that has come from her mistake . This issue becomes minor as her former husband sets into motion his own plans for revenge , and as her former lover faces the loss of his position and title , if not his very soul and breath , should his identity become known.This is a novel full of symbolism , dealing with the legalistic , harsh world of the Puritans , and the religious mindset that can become focused on shaping lives for God instead of letting God shape lives . It was written around the time of the Salem witch trials , a time when stocks and pillories were still in vogue . It is a world unfamiliar to most modern readers , particularly high school students forced to read this cumbersome style , but it shows stark parallels with the fundamentalism that still rules in much of our world today.Can sin be paid for by personal shame and humiliation ? Can sin that remains hidden dissolve , or does it eventually come to light ? What happens when family secrets become public ? Even worse , what happens when they are buried?I loved this book , once I committed myself to enjoying its older style and prose . Hawthorne creates unforgettable characters in Hester , Pearl , Mr. Dimmesdale , and Mr. Chillingworth . He imbues his writing with a respect for faith , yet a disdain for the religious guises that often try to walk hand in hand with it . He shows great respect for women and their struggles , far ahead of his time . He challenges readers to move beyond the harsh judgments of others and look into our own souls . Who does not bear the stain of wrongdoing ? Is it better to bring such things into the light , or to hide them in darkness and await the results ? These are still timely issues in politics , church , and homes , issues that Hawthorne addresses with much courage considering his own setting and upbringing.Should this be considered a classic ? Yes . Will most high school readers appreciate it ? No . This is a story to be savored by those who will invest their time , as well as their mental and spiritual energy , to its ideas . If that 's you , then you will come away richer for the experience . I certainly did .
 In seventeenth century Boston , scholar Roger Chillingworth returns to the Puritan colony after two years in England . He is stunned to find his much younger lovely wife Hester Prynne with an illegitimate daughter Pearl , a resident of Prison awaiting trial for adultery . Hester refuses to betray her lover for his condemnation for violating one the God 's Commandments . Her punishment is to wear a capital Letter A on her breast for the rest of her life . Roger vows to expose the cretin who dishonored him . For refusing to reveal her lover 's identity , she is condemned to wear a letter ` A ' sewn onto her clothes . Driven to madness , Roger resolves to discover and destroy the man who has stolen his honor . Over the next few years , Hester does her best by her daughter while suffering poverty , humiliation and guilt for what she can not offer her beloved Pearl ; while the two men not in her life fail to cope with crippling guilt , remorse and cowardliness.As he did with another classic Jane Eyre , Wayne Josephson provides a modernization of the syntax of the language while adhering to Nathaniel Hawthorne 's powerful moral message that rings true today with for instance the abortion controversy . Purists will insist if it is n't broke do n't fix it , but Mr. Josephson makes a strong case that the 1850 published novel is going the way of the Canterbury Tales -LRB- let the purists read that in ye olde English -RRB- . The re-touch is a bit more than desired , as part of the original is the overdrawn atmospheric background of a martinet paternal society invoking God 's wrath . Still Mr. Josephson does a super job of making this great classic starring a brave heroine much easier to read and very entertaining while enhancing the strong message of forgiving oneself as well as others for `` sins '' . Harriet Klausner
 Nathaniel Hawthorne 's famous book THE SCARLET LETTER has been transformed into cinematic versions both for television and for theaters , having been written about one of the first feminists in history ! But how many have actually read the 288 page Hawthorne original ? Few , likely , for as interesting and classic the story is , it is a bit inaccessible to the modern reader who finds Hawthorne 's prose bogged down by interminable sentence structure and heavy paragraphs . Yes , there is charm in reading the original , basking in the old version of English verbiage , but many readers feel the bulk of the narrative burdensome , making the very original tale of a blighted female 's courage a strain to discover.Enter Wayne Josephson who has taken the devotion to the classics and the drive to make the great novels once again part of every learned reader 's library to heart and is in the process of editing the great books -LRB- his JANE EYRE is remarkably fine ! -RRB- . Here Josephson has gently removed the weighty verbiage that stops the eye and what results is an immensely readable , still atmospheric , 208 page version/condensation of Hawthorne 's THE SCARLET LETTER . Now , without the unnecessarily redundant adjective and references too heavy to dissect , is a version of a novel that reads even better than the original - as though Nathaniel Hawthorne had submitted his manuscript to an editor of his times , this being the revision that results in publication for the public . This version is some eighty pages shorter than the original , a size that allows the reader to comfortable digest the book in one evening . That is the joy of reading Josephson 's intelligent , sensitive editing
 Through Hawthorne 's dynamic characters , he portrays the harsh Puritan society of the 18th century . This story is more than a social commentary though . The struggle of good and evil within the human soul , the concept of right and wrong , love and hate are all addressed as Hawthorne delves into the darkest recesses of the human soul . This is a classic .
 Sin , guilt , shame , jealousy , dignity , reputation . These words describe the sinful past of Rev. Dimmesdale and Hester , and the aftermath of its torment and ignominy . In a Puritan Society , adultery is punished by carrying the burden of one 's sin - wearing a humiliating scarlet letter.While Hester sees her sin as an opportunity to personally grow and develop sympathy toward human nature , society views sin as an obstacle that will prevent one from reaching heaven.The ironic character of Hester demonstrates her strong will and personality . Given the option to leave her town and resume a normal life , Hester prefers to stay and to wear the Scarlet Letter . She also gets upset when she is informed that she might be officially redeemed from wearing the scarlet letter . Hester 's behavior demonstrates her desire to determine her own identity rather than let others determine it for her . To her , running away or removing the letter would be an acknowledgment of society 's power over her
 In high school I switched English levels , which left me lacking in a lot of classic high school reads . This includes authors from Twain to Salinger and just about every generic book that someone says
 How dare I review a classic ? I have loved this book for many and many a year , and now I have it on my Kindle Fire . I love the thought of classic delivered wirelessly to this cutting edge product . Somehow like Pocahontas wearing Ray Bans . The juxtaposition tickles me . The book is a classic for a reason . If you have n't read it , I recommend you do , in any form . Enjoy !
 Read it now kids before they make you read it in school , things are always better when YOU want to do something rather than having someone make you do something . Enjoy this fine read .
 I absolutely love the cover on this book ! What a great idea ! I remember reading this book in high school and thinking it was a fantastic read . I 'm sure high school kids all around the country are still reading this book today .
 The Scarlet Letter '' by Nathaniel Hawthorne is a story that takes place in the Boston , Massachusetts in the seventeenth century in a Puritan settlement . The story starts off with a young woman by the name of Hester Prynne being lead from the town prison with scarlet colored embroidery A on her chest and a newborn baby to the center of the town to be judged and scolded by the town 's ministers . Hester had been sent to Boston by her husband whom she was to later meet up with however her husband never arrived with many thinking that he was lost at sea . During the time that Hester was waiting on her husband she met someone , had an affair and now had a baby out of wedlock and she was being punished for adultery . Hester 's punishment was to wear the scarlet A and public shaming because she refused to tell the identity of her child 's father.When Hester was taking the shameful walk to the center of the town an elderly man by the name of Roger Chillingsworth wanted to know what the young lady was in trouble for and one of the crowd bystanders told him that it was for adultery . Soon it is revealed that Roger Chillingsworth is the husband of Hester Prynne that everyone thought was lost out to sea . Roger Chillingsworth was now in Boston practicing medicine and set on getting revenge on his wife . Roger then revealed his true identity to his wife Hester however he makes her swear to secrecy and not tell his true identity.The puritan community tried to take Hester 's daughter Pearl but with the help of a young minister by the name of Arthur Dimmesdale Hester is able to keep her daughter and live on the outskirts of town . Arthur Dimmesdale however had suddenly come down with a heart problems and health was steadily declining . Chillingworth moves in the Dimmesdale so that he can provide around the clock care for his patient while at the same time trying to see what information he could get from out the minister because he had suspicions about the minister and Hester.One Night when Hester and her daughter Pearl were returning home the found Arthur Dimmesdale standing on the scaffold in the center of the town trying to punish himself . Pearl , Hester and Arthur held hands and during this time of the story we find out that Arthur is the father of pearl . Pearl asked her father to publicly acknowledge her and when he refused a dull red A light up the night sky . Hester then asked Chillingsworth to stop adding to Dimmesdale torment that he was taking himself through and Chillingsworth so filled with anger and revenge refuses to . Hester planned a meeting with Dimmesdale in the forest because she figured that Chillingsworth knew she was going to tell Dimmesdale that Chilllingsworth really was her husband . They planned to go to settle in Europe and raise their daughter Pearl there and live as a family . They were supposed to leave in four days and the day before they were supposed to leave Dimmesdale delivered his best sermon and Hester found out that Chillingsworth had found out about their plans and had bought a ticket on the same boat to follow them to Europe.After leaving the sermon the minister saw Pearl and Hester standing on the scaffold in town so he went up there and joined them revealing a red A on his chest and publicly announced that he was Pearl 's father . Then Arthur falls dead after Pearl kissed him . Chillingsworth was so angry with revenge that he died a year later . Pearl and Hester left Boston and many years later Hester returned alone to live in her little cottage on the outskirts of town still wearing her scarlet A . When she died she was buried next to Dimmesdale and they shared one headstone that had just a scarlet A on it .
 The classic psychological romance novel , `` The Scarlet Letter , '' offers panoply of moral dilemmas that make the book influential today , but Nathaniel Hawthorne presents a detailed , if unfavorable , portrait of Puritan society in the 1650s that makes the novel engrossing to buffs of American History . The challenging vocabulary and obscure historical references make this story a bit harder to for today 's readers to digest , but this classic is worth the effort to read.The Chamberlain Brothers edition from Signet Classics is loaded with extras . The ten page introduction from a professor of Modern Literary and Historical Studies at Union College gives the reader some insights into Hawthorne , and explains the Preface and The Customs House that precede the actual 24-chapter symmetrical novel . The signet version concludes with a short story , `` Endicott and the Red Cross , '' which introduces the scarlet letter punishment and provides the basis for some early scenes to the ` Poverty Row '' movie that accompanies this book.The DVD of the 1934 production of `` The Scarlet Letter '' is a nice accompaniment to the novel , since it is largely faithful to it . A short afterword by a screenwriter , film producer , and teacher compares and contrasts the movie 's adherence to Hawthorne 's story , and provides interesting insights into the actors that star in the movie.TheCliff 's Notes to Hawthorne 's The Scarlet Letterserved as a useful companion to the story . Rather than lug around a dictionary to look up complicated words , the Cliff Notes made it easy for the reader to look up the challenging vocabulary in the story . In addition , the obscure historical references are explained in the context to the story . The chapter summaries were also useful , particularly in deciphering the middle chapters -LRB- 9-11 -RRB- , which focus on the psychological battle between the two male main characters of the novel.Hawthorne 's portrayal of Boston in the 1650s includes several real-life characters who were Puritan administrators , such as Richard Bellingham and John Winthrop . The Puritan Clergyman John Wilson was also a real-life character , as was the Puritan Missionary to the Indians , John Eliot . Even the character Ann Hibbins was the sister of Governor Bellingham , and was executed by the colony for witchcraft . Although Hawthorne 's use of these real-life characters was a literary device to make his story appear more real , they also help the reader understand some of the important personalities in the Massachusetts Bay Colony.Reading classic novels such as this one help the reader obtain useful cultural details that the history books do n't necessarily provide .
 LOVE THE PRICE ! Definitely worth it and the story was really great ! I would recommend . Great for high school students looking for a great book report book !
 Kindle book based on the original book . Excellent . This was a free Kindle download too . What more can I say ? Highly recommended . A +
 I read this judgmental story about Hester Prynne in high school . However , I have not yet had a chance to read it lately . This book is yet another lesson to us not to be too judgemental of others !
 I just finished The Scarlet Letter in school . Hawthorne does an excellent job of describing every nuance of this story , and that is why at times it is a little hard to follow . But the very heart of the story is one that we all can compare with . Hester Prynne has committed a terrible sin , and bears The Scarlet Letter on her breast . This classic tale begins with Hester on the gallows platform , alone with her baby , Pearl . Throughout the course of thise novel , Hawthorne weaves his way through characters so that you feel you are a part of this story , and by the end you have no doubts in your mind how you feel about each character . This is a book that you will either love or hate , and it really depends on when you read it . Try to take your time through the book the first time you read it , then everything will make much more sense , and you wo n't throw down the book in disgust . On a side note , you can really skip the introduction chapter entitled `` The Custom House '' because it has little to do with the rest of the book .
 Hawthorne 's novel of sin and the quest for utopia is sublime . The language is rich , and the novel is filled with religious symbolism . No work of American literature quite captures America 's search for ` the Holy Land ' while showing the affect that such a myopic quest can have on the individual . Hawthorne , while roundly criticizing the more zealous of his faith , never leaves us wondering whether or not forgiveness is possible for the penitent . Through the strength of the lead character , Hester Prynne , the author conveys to us the power of love that exudes those of us who have recognized our own faults and worked to heal the wounds our ill deeds have caused . This book is a must read for anyone who is interested in American literature .
 `` The Scarlet Letter '' is one of those books you start out reading because you had to finish it for a class assignment ; or because you never got around to reading it in school but you feel you should because it 's a so-called `` classic '' , and end up getting hooked and realizing it 's a classic for a good reason
 `` All have sinned and fall short of the glory of God , '' might well be Nathaniel Hawthorne 's theme in The Scarlet Letter . Certainly , by all community standards Hester Prynne 's adultery is a sin . Worse yet Arthur Dimmesdale has triply sinned since he has had carnal knowledge of a member of his flock , and through a deep and abiding cowardice has failed to acknowledge his sin ; and what is even worse yet , he allows Hester to bear the weight of public condemnation alone.However the worse sin of all belongs to Roger Chillingworth , Hester 's husband who is not dead at all , but returned in disguise as a physician who has learned the efficacy of various medicinal concoctions from the Indians during his captivity . He pretends to befriend Dimmesdale in order to extract his long and torturous revenge . But it is Chillingworth 's character itself more than anything that marks him as the worse of the sinners . He lives only for revenge and to give pain and suffering . He cares nothing for his wife and her child . He cares nothing for anyone , not even himself . He lives only to avenge.Dimmesdale 's sin is that of a weak character . In a sense Dimmesdale is Everyman , the non-heroic . We see the contrast between the proud bravery of Hester and the all too human weakness of Dimmesdale who can not bring himself to confess his sin , but looks to her strength to do it for him . We see this in the first scaffold scene as he pleads along with Chillingworth for Hester to reveal the father 's identity . `` Reveal it yourself ! '' we want to say.While some have seen Chillingworth as the devil incarnate -- and indeed I suspect that was Hawthorne 's intent -- it might be closer to the truth to see him as the vengeful God of the Old Testament with his lust to mysterious power and his desire to see the sinful suffer . At any rate , Hawthorne 's masterpiece -- and it is a masterpiece , one of the pillars of American literature , to be ranked with such great works as Melville 's Moby-Dick and Twain 's The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn -- is about sin and the effect of sin ; and this is only right since the central tenet of Christianity itself is sin and the forgiveness of sin.By employing and investigating deeply three types of sin -- Hester 's from love and even something close to innocence ; Dimmesdale 's from lust , pride , neglect and cowardice ; and Chillingworth 's from hate -- Hawthorne came up with a most felicitous device for examining the human soul.The Scarlet Letter is regularly taught at the high school level , but surely this is a mistake . The novel is difficult and challenging even for honors students . The architectured sentences , with their points and counterpoints , their parallel construction , their old school rhetorical cadences are strange and even wondrous to the modern eye . It is a good practice for the teacher and for the student to read aloud Hawthorne 's prose so as to grow accustomed to his words the way one must for Shakespeare . If this is done and the edifice of Christianity and especially the fatalism of the Puritan mind brought to bear , then with leisurely pace and a steady concentration , the terrible beauty of Hawthorne 's novel might be made immediate.Although the story itself is compelling , and the prose rich and poetic , the real strength of this great novel is in its characters . How true to life are all of them including even little Pearl who is defiant and willful in her beauty and her promise , so like a heroine-to-be of a modern novel . And how despicable and loathsome is this bent old man who embodies the very soul of the despised ! And how attractive on a superficial level is this pretty young pastor whose actions are not the equal of his looks . And how strong and faithful and heroic is Hester who invites both envy and admiration , something like a flawed goddess of yore.What stuck me when I first read this , and remains with me today , is that it is those who presume to punish sin who are the real sinners . Chillingworth 's life is one devoid of human feeling , devoid of any real joy as he lies in the stone cold bed of hatred and revenge . And to a lesser extent so it is with Dimmesdale who can not forgive himself , who secretly flagellates himself so that his life becomes a hell on earth . On the other hand there is Hester who finds forgiveness and love with good works and in the joy of her beautiful and precious Pearl and in her unstinting love for Dimmesdale and her hope and faith that a better life will come.This is a deeply Christian novel although it is usually seen as a criticism of Christianity in the sense that the Christian community condemns the least of the sinners while the hypocrisy of its clergy is made manifest . Looking deeper we see that it is forgiveness of sin and the redemption that comes from good works that is exemplified . Hester knows the joy of life because she is a loving and giving person ; and on another level she is forgiven because we the reader forgive her . How could we not ? And most of the Puritan flock also forgave her since it came to be said that the scarlet `` A '' she wore upon her person stood not for `` Adultery '' but for `` Able . `` It is also good to realize that when Hawthorne published the novel in 1850 the scene of the story was nearly two hundred years removed . Thus Hawthorne looked back at Puritan America from the standpoint of a more secular society greatly influenced by Jeffersonian deism and the transcendentalism of Emerson and Thoreau . In some respects , Hawthorne 's brilliant treatment of the ageless theme of sin , guilt and redemption was a serendipitous , even unconscious , artifact of his literary skill . No artist composes a masterpiece without some deep talent at work independent of his conscious efforts .
 A story about the eternals
 The novel has been in the household since I was a child . At some point I undertook to read it , though my mother wisely suggested I wait a while . I did not and got puzzled what the letter A stood for . Oh , adultery , what 's that ? A boyhood friend explained . I read it again in my late teens and appreciated it . Today , at age 77 , I finished it again with tears in my eyes . The human qualities surmount the brittleness of Puritan Boston and still impress me . Hawthorne 's ambivalence about his ancestral Puritanism -LRB- which caused him to change the spelling of his last name -RRB- comes out powerfully.High school readers , many of them at least , should put it aside until they grow up a bit . Reading Amazon reviews evokes moments of cynicism when I want to suggest that high school students should be banned from reading serious books , such as this one , which has n't got a single car chase in it , but then I note that there are perceptive reviews by high school readers and clueless reviews by adults who have technically reached the age of maturity .
 Set in seventeenth-century Puritan New England , Nathaniel Hawthorne 's The Scarlet Letter is the story of an adulteress , Hester Prynne , and her struggle to maintain a functioning relationship within the Puritan orthodox community she lives in . She must cope with the wild nature of her imp-like daughter , a physically and emotionally twisted husband , and the adulterer , Reverend Dimmesdale , who remains unknown as Hester 's lover and the father of her child until late in the novel.After giving birth to a daughter she names Pearl , Hester is punished with the scarlet letter `` A '' which she must wear on her breast and marks her as an adulteress . The shame she bears is immense . The village looks upon her with scorn and ridicule . Her husband , Roger Chillingsworth , whom Hester had presumed dead at sea , sent her to Salem , Massachusetts two years previously to await his later arrival , but sent no word after . He appears unexpectedly as she is being publicly displayed upon the scaffolding in front of the church , which serves as a punishment for criminals . He sees this public humiliation and is enraged . He sets out to find her lover and get revenge ... Hester must deal with her husband 's evil nature and with her own daughter , who 's erratic behavior does n't improve the village 's view of her.The scarlet letter is a symbol for the shame which Hester Prynne is burdened with . As a confessed adulteress she deals daily with public humiliation while the Reverend Dimmesdale is left to bear the shame inside his heart , shut away in the confines of his lodgings , living out each day as a lie . Hester is depicted as being strong , self-reliant and courageous in contrast to Reverend Dimmesdale who is weak and guilt ridden . He is a hypocrite , a man of God , living a lie.Hester 's suffering is easier to bear than Dimmesdale 's . She is hardened , refined , made almost heroic by her punishment and all the ordeals it brings with it . Dimmesdale is irreparably broken apart , suffering his own judgment , living in a daily personal hell . I was impressed by how Hawthorne managed to convey so many truths about contemporary society in general by focusing on one incident in Salem Massachusetts that transpired a hundred years in the past . I would recommend The Scarlet Letter to anybody who is willing to face the character of human beings that remain unchanged throughout time . The truths about evil , lies , love , beauty , courage and the heroism of the human spirit which can not only survive , but endure for generations .
 I do n't understand why this novel has such a low customer rating , except that I can see how many would find the subject matter and elevated writing style extremely difficult and dislikable . The Scarlet Letter is not to be -LRB- nor is it possible to be -RRB- read lightly ; it is actually , in the way of many 19th-century classic novels , quite painful to read . I loved it , and I still trudged through it.The subject matter , infinitely grim and distasteful , is not enjoyable in any way . It centers on the nature of morality , sin , corruption , hypocrisy especially concerning morality , and all that hackneyed bag of themes . You probably already know the general plot of the novel , so I need not reiterate it . Ironically , while criticizing the hypocrisy and sternness of the Puritans , Hawthorne seems very puritannical himself , and displays those same characteristics , including a kind of absurd self-righteousness and a pompous , austere , rigid , very Christian sense of morality . I got endless irony out of this ; it seemed as though he , as the narrator , was condemning the Puritans for their harsh , hypocritical actions while endorsing Puritan principles and expressing views just as severe and ridiculously religious , if not more so , than theirs . I have to warn you that it 's pretty disgusting the way he is wholly obsessed with the ideas of sin and guilt . Honestly , I think all he wrote about in his lifetime were Puritans , morality , sin and how we are all horrible sinners , etc. . I imagine he could have been a fire-and-brimstone-preaching evangelist if he had n't chosen the path of literary genius instead . And yes , despite all this , he is still a literary genius.What makes this such a wonderful piece of classic literature , and one of my favorites , is how beautiful , eloquent , gorgeous , and sophisticated the language is . Rarely have I seen such an astounding mastery of the English language and literary devices , with perfect fluency and coherence , depth , insight , passion , intensity , and power of expression . Of course , I 'm sure the style of prose is not for everyone ; but I find it remarkable , magnificent , admirable . I loved the rampant symbolism , the ingenuity of little metaphors found everywhere . I loved the character Pearl , who is so strange and otherwordly and complex . Dimmesdale is , well , so very pathetic ; he is the epitome of the once-righteous-now-fallen , guilt-torn , utterly miserable , wretched , squirming , feeble , tortured soul , and his abject , wallowing despair adds to the overall gloomy and tormenting atmosphere of the novel.I know I ranted quite a bit in this review , but honestly , it 's a superb work and triumph of English-language literature , and you should at least be able to appreciate it to some degree , in some aspects , and concede its exceptional use of language . I have a feeling that a lot of the reviewers expressing negative opinions are malcontent high school students grumbling about a `` stupid , boring book '' assigned to them for class . I myself had to read it for my junior-year English class , but I am very glad I was forced to do so.For those whining about how `` verbose '' it is - please get over your own short attention span or lack of taste or whatever it is that impedes you from recognizing and appreciating good literature . An example of verbosity is
 This is a review for not the novel itself but the various Franklin Library editions available.The Franklin Library issued a number of different editions of the Scarlet Letter . Some of them are leather bound collector 's items and others faux-leather bound . However , Amazon Marketplace vendors are cross-listing indiscriminately . How to tell them apart?Franklin Library - The 100 Greatest Masterpieces of American Literature , a limited edition collection , 1976
 Well-paced , surprisingly easy to follow despite the language used . I had n't read it in 30 years , and found it to be much more palatable as an adult than it was when I was a teenager . There must be a lesson in there somewhere ... ''
 There are many books that are considered classics , but often times it may seem difficult to read them because of the language and the time setting in which the book was written . The Scarlet Letter by Nathaniel Hawthorne is one of those classic tales . Although the book was written in 1850 and set in a 17th century Puritan Society , the issues of morality , deceit , romance , and guilt make the novel an interesting and captivating read , even in modern times.The work of Hawthorn illustrates the question of humanity and morality . His vivid use of language and third person narrative style allows the reader to have insight into the lives of the main characters . He allows the reader to sympathize with both Hester and Dimmesdale . Although society has deemed their sin immoral and made Hester an outcast , Hawthorne is able to capture the reader 's humanity and empathy toward the human condition.Hawthorne is also able to capture the essence of the Puritan society . He skillfully utilizes language , such as this , while Hester speaks to her daughter she states , `` We must not always talk in the market-place of what happens to us in the forest . '' This symbolizes the shame that is forced upon those who are judged and the need to escape from public scrutiny . Most readers will be able to relate to the characters and understand the tragedy of the times and circumstances.I highly recommend this book . Although the introduction may seem slow and somewhat disinteresting , the storyline will prove to be enticing . This novel challenges the reader to question his/her own moral views and values . The reader will see why this novel is a timeless classic .
 The Scarlet Letter by Nathaniel Hawthorne is certainly one of the most famous American novels of the 19th Century , and though maybe not as accessible as works from the likes of Twain or Steinbeck , it rightly belongs in the same realm of great American literature.The book begins with an introduction called Custom House . It can be skipped for all but the most enthusiastic readers of classic literature.The main story begins in a Puritan village in Massachusetts with a woman named Hester Prynne being forced to stand on a scaffold in front of a crowd as punishment for the sin that resulted in her child she is holding . She also must permanently wear a letter A as a mark for that sin . Hester continually refuses to disclose the name of her child 's father . Back in prison she sees a doctor , a deformed man named Roger Chillingworth , who has a significant connection with her past unbeknownst to others in the village . Another man , a young frail minister named Arthur Dimmesdale , is also a significant character in the story in respect to his connection with Hester and his close but uneasy relationship with Chillingworth . Hester 's daughter , Pearl , is an elfish mischievous child and becomes a symbol as much as an actual character ; a symbol of Hester 's past and hope for the future . Hester spends in the years afterward being a seamstress , doing charity , and eventually becoming an excepted if not beloved member of the community.The book deals with sin and redemption , religion and revenge in beautiful but often ambiguous ways . The story itself is simple , and the book is not long , but the inner emotions of characters are explored with rousing detail . The novel hardly ever meanders needlessly , though as I mentioned it 's not the most -LRB- though certainly neither the least -RRB- accessible book , especially to an audience not well verse in classic literature . Do not be intimidated though because it 's an experience well worth having . It 's Hawthorne 's masterpiece .
 Unlike every one else that was forced to read this in English class . I to had to read it and I liked it thought that it was a good book and read it in day and a half . Every easy read at least for me it was .
 `` The Scarlet Letter '' is a book that will leave a reader wanting more after every page , being one of the most addicting books on the shelf . Through trials of morality and sin , it expresses every facet that the human mind wonders to when faced with decisions of `` right '' and `` wrong '' . Hawthorne truly captures the senses and amazes by expressing the battle of moral punishment vs. understanding.As the scarlet letter burns upon Hester Pyrnne 's chest , one truly feels as if they are thrusted into the same situation of having to wear their own sin in plain sight . Still the question remains to the reader
 I highly advise rereading books after a decade or more . Why ? Because what you think you read and what you really read is not always the same . Especially when you read it in high school or college under duress . That is what happened when I just read The Scarlet Letter by Nathaniel Hawthorne after more than twenty years . What I thought had happened was very distorted over the years.If you have forgotten what the book is about or just simply never cared , let me summarize . The whole story starts off with a young woman who has recently given birth being taken from the dark prison of a Puritan colonial settlement and placed upon the scaffold of shame along with her newborn girl . Upon her breast is a scarlet letter `` A '' that proclaims all that sees this mark that she is an adulteress . Her husband had disappeared over the last few years which does not help her cause . She is asked to announce who should be on the scaffold with her , but she declines out of love for the man.The story gets more intricate as unbeknownst to all but her the husband that has been reported missing has shown up on the same day as her public shame is announced . He desires to keep his identity secret as he hunts out the man who shamed his wife . It is not long in the story that the reader discovers the agony a young minister has in hiding his part in the shame while longing to be with her in exile . It is a passionate story of secrecy , laws , social acceptance , piousness , revenge , and the dark currents of man 's evil nature.First of all , this is not a long book . It is relatively short . The version I read only had about 170 pages of the actual story . The rest of the book was comprised of introductions , notes , commentary , and a large bibliography.What turns many off from this classic is the fact that it was written in the 1800s in early America . It is always assumed to be dry and boring as it is not written in the fashion of today . No , you wo n't find long dialogues where a character pours out their heart and soul . Instead you will find descriptive narratives to give us these feelings.For example , the minister who should be on the scaffold with the woman shows the reader his guilt through the decline of health and the constant covering of his own breast where he knows another scarlet letter resides that only God can see . The innocent comments of a child over the years brings attention to the seen letter on her mother 's bosom and the unseen on that of the minister.In all honesty , I found it hard to put the book down as I was drawn in with the poetic language of Hawthorne to the souls of a young woman who longed for love , a man who was torn between two worlds of love and obligation , and a man who gave his soul to the devil just to exact revenge.This is a true classic that gives someone a glimpse into the world of Puritan colonial America and into the social and religious order it abided by . In addition to that , it gives one a glimpse into their own souls and has them pondering which character represents themselves.I highly recommend that you read this classic . If you have read it once , do it again . Read it with more mature eyes and the ability to connect with the characters within the book.Note
 I had n't read this since high school , so going in I anticipated something like this
 Without a doubt this is one of the must-read books for American Literature . Therefore , I do not have problems with the story itself , but the version of the book.Pros
 I completely agree with most HS students that this book should be optional reading for them because HS teachers should very well know that there are many different minds that need very different kinds of reading material and exposure to variety is not always a good thing that 's why you end up having reviews of books like this by some HS students who puke on it rather then have savored it like I did . My reasons for really loving this book is because of the historical/puritan life and manners I like to read about , I love human struggle and the need to understand inner feelings of character , and I like knowing about how communities deal with religious matters . Can you blame me for being such a sentimental person ? Yes , the book is written at the 5th grade level , and some people still do read at that level so this may be a reason why it 's survived for such a long time . In any case , do n't have it on your book shelf if it 's not your cup of tea ; with me , it will always be a treasure .
 Nathaniel Hawthorne 's The Scarlet Letter gives an excellent portrayal of not only the inherent evil of mankind but also the fatal consequences of revenge and the pains of a guilty conscience . The emotional and psychological aspects of the story provide the depth of this novel and are characteristic of Hawthorne 's writing style . In addition to the riveting storyline , Hawthorne includes the psychological thoughts and reasoning behind each character , making the characters seem more realistic and allowing the reader to relate to the characters . Although the reader may not have experienced the exact events , the emotions of dread and fear , of guilt and shame , are familiar to the reader as Hawthorne expresses each emotion in his characters . When Hester argues with Governor Bellingham to allow her to keep her daughter , the emotions and thoughts that Hawthorne attaches to Hester clearly portray the mother 's protection of her daughter , a natural characteristic that readers can understand even if they have never experienced the same situation . The psychological aspects of the story go beyond the plot , delving into the heart of each character . The emotions expressed in the novel allow the reader to clearly understand what the characters are going through.Hawthorne 's depiction of the relationship between Pearl and her mother Hester Prynne creates a vivid description of the sufferings of a guilty conscience . Hester , burdened with the guilt of committing the sin of adultery , is forced to wear her sin , presenting herself to the world as an adulteress . The scarlet letter burns her constantly , secluding her from the rest of society . In addition to this suffering , Hester must live with her child Pearl , who continually reminds poor Hester of her sin . It is as if her sin has materialized into a child , a living memory of the guilt Hester must carry . By setting numerous scenes and conversations between Hester and her child , Hawthorne 's unique style of writing clearly presents the great sufferings of a guilty conscience.Although Hawthorne 's sentences may seem to drone on forever , the novel as a whole is filled with vivid images and descriptions that imprint themselves into the reader 's mind . The Scarlet Letter is recommended for those who enjoy the blend of psychological and emotional aspects of a novel that provide a powerful connection between reader and character .
 I do n't understand why this novel has such a low customer rating , except that I can see how many would find the subject matter and elevated writing style extremely difficult and dislikable . The Scarlet Letter is not to be -LRB- nor is it possible to be -RRB- read lightly ; it is actually , in the way of many 19th-century classic novels , quite painful to read . I loved it , and I still trudged through it.The subject matter , infinitely grim and distasteful , is not enjoyable in any way . It centers on the nature of morality , sin , corruption , hypocrisy especially concerning morality , and all that hackneyed bag of themes . You probably already know the general plot of the novel , so I need not reiterate it . Ironically , while criticizing the hypocrisy and sternness of the Puritans , Hawthorne seems very puritannical himself , and displays those same characteristics , including a kind of absurd self-righteousness and a pompous , austere , rigid , very Christian sense of morality . I got endless irony out of this ; it seemed as though he , as the narrator , was condemning the Puritans for their harsh , hypocritical actions while endorsing Puritan principles and expressing views just as severe and ridiculously religious , if not more so , than theirs . I have to warn you that it 's pretty disgusting the way he is wholly obsessed with the ideas of sin and guilt . Honestly , I think all he wrote about in his lifetime were Puritans , morality , sin and how we are all horrible sinners , etc. . I imagine he could have been a fire-and-brimstone-preaching evangelist if he had n't chosen the path of literary genius instead . And yes , despite all this , he is still a literary genius.What makes this such a wonderful piece of classic literature , and one of my favorites , is how beautiful , eloquent , gorgeous , and sophisticated the language is . Rarely have I seen such an astounding mastery of the English language and literary devices , with perfect fluency and coherence , depth , insight , passion , intensity , and power of expression . Of course , I 'm sure the style of prose is not for everyone ; but I find it remarkable , magnificent , admirable . I loved the rampant symbolism , the ingenuity of little metaphors found everywhere . I loved the character Pearl , who is so strange and otherwordly and complex . Dimmesdale is , well , so very pathetic ; he is the epitome of the once-righteous-now-fallen , guilt-torn , utterly miserable , wretched , squirming , feeble , tortured soul , and his abject , wallowing despair adds to the overall gloomy and tormenting atmosphere of the novel.I know I ranted quite a bit in this review , but honestly , it 's a superb work and triumph of English-language literature , and you should at least be able to appreciate it to some degree , in some aspects , and concede its exceptional use of language . I have a feeling that a lot of the reviewers expressing negative opinions are malcontent high school students grumbling about a `` stupid , boring book '' assigned to them for class . I myself had to read it for my junior-year English class , but I am very glad I was forced to do so.For those whining about how `` verbose '' it is - please get over your own short attention span or lack of taste or whatever it is that impedes you from recognizing and appreciating good literature . An example of verbosity is
 200-300 worddI really liked this book because of Hester . She was a protagonist who refused to obey by socety 's rules . She is a role model for women who wish to be free . Sure , she made a mistake . But , do n't we all ? Adultery is not right , but we learn from mistakes.I really liked to read about the time period because it was so different from our own . It is hard to believe that Hawthorne was only a writer for his time period .
 The best book that I have ever been assigned to read for school by far . The way in which Hawthorne captures the shame that Hetser , the wearer of the scarlet letter , feels everyday and the utter torment that the weak Dimmesdale is in by not coming forth and saying he slept with Hester and the revenge ridden character of Chillingworth is spectactular.The way in which Hawthorne describes the setting and the actions that characters do is truly outstanding . Hawthorne has a huge flare for the dramatic which is great for the reader . Since Hester the main character concieved her daughter Pearl through an affair she has been snetenced to wear the scarlet A on her chest for the rest of her life . The story starts on the day Hester is to stand infront of the town and wear her badge of shame and all the drama in the small puritanical town of Boston starts from there . A must read for any American .
 Thank you , Erika Vause , for your positive review ! I absolutely love this book ! I had heard of this novel , but never considered reading it because the plot simply did not interest me . Then we read it in our academic English class -LRB- 10th graders -RRB- and I was absolutely astonished !! Not only by the magnificence of the book -- its themes of guilt and redemption are powerful and heart wrenching -- but by the ignorance of some of my peers . It was obvious that their dislike sprung from the fact that they did not understand it ! Please , please -- read this book ! You will not be sorry ! I promise .
 This is one of those novels that everyone feels they `` ought to read '' to be a well-read , educated reader . Well , that 's certainly true . It can be dense , and it can also be a hard read -- Hawthorne 's characters are not really `` likeable '' and we have to pay close attention to the language of the novel to really appreciate the richness that has earned this book a firm position in the `` literary canon . '' When I have taught this book to non-English majors , one of the most important pieces of advice I have given is , at first , skip the Custom House sketch in the first chapter -- then go back to it . It 's unclear until you 've read the whole thing why the Custom House sketch is there -- and since the chapter is there first , you do n't get right into the `` meat '' of the story . This is what makes an awful lot of people put the book down . Skip that , and then you 'll find an engaging story . -LRB- Do go back to the first chapter , though ! -RRB- But the classic novel of betrayal , of sin and redemption and of society 's focus not on ` people ' but on ` behaviors ' it considers wrong is definitely worth more than one reading.Also , the history behind the novel is important -- check out some of the history of Anne Hutchinson -- a real life `` Hester Prynne '' type ... you 'll learn that Hawthorne 's imagination was n't as fanciful as we 'd like to think .
 This novel is a very intriguing story about an attractive young woman living in a Puritan society , where she is put in compromising situations and must maneuver herself out of them . Hester Prynne -LRB- the captivating young puritan woman -RRB- has allowed herself to be put in one too many situations though , when she gets pregnant by a man other than her husband . This terrible sin caused the Puritan society to punish her for her sins against god and her husband . In doing so the community sentenced Hester to live the rest of her life wearing the letter `` A '' on the bosom of her dress . This entire scenario is described extremely well by Hawthorne , by using elaborate sentences with great descriptions , both of the people 's opinions and of the scenery , to provide a very full and vivid picture in the mind of the reader . This story has great twists and surprises in it which draws the reader into the story , to where the reader feels as if they are actually in the society and watching how every one acts towards Hester and her daughter . Hawthorne uses advanced vocabulary to describe the settings , people , and the people 's opinions . The descriptive sentences and complex vocabulary of this novel make it very attractive to any reader wishing to expand their vocabulary and even part of their history , by learning a little about how the Puritan society 's belief system worked and how the society viewed people and their actions . Now granted all the information in this novel is not all factual however the reader gets a real feel of strict and moral the Puritans were during that time . This novel by far with its advanced vocabulary and wonderfully descriptive sentences is one of the best novels I have ever read .
 `` The Scarlet Letter `` Nathaniel HawthorneReviewer
 -LRB- ... -RRB- I groaned when I heard that my AP English class would read The Scarlet Letter - it seemed so overused , out of date , and boring . Well , that 's what I thought until I started reading . This is an amazing novel . The themes explored - sin , guilt , revenge , cowardice , bravery , compassion , intolerance - apply not to just Puritannical society , but also to today 's . I questioned my own morality and integrity - what would I do if I was Hester Prynne , Arthur Dimmesdale , Roger Chillingworth , or a member of the Puritan community ? Can a sinful act of passion be purged through repentance and self-sacrifice ? Or is it forever damaging to accountability and integrity ? This has become one of my favorite books - the ability to explore morality beyond surface characters is a stimulating experience .
 I liked the book . It incorporated many different angles into a fairly short novel -LRB- its about 250 pages . -RRB- Despite what you might expect , and what some might tell you , it is not at all difficult to understand the book . Its language is n't so different from today 's as to be unreadable , or need footnotes , such as Dickens and Shakespeare.As far as plot goes , it was very good ; straightforward , yet not overly simple . Hawthorne also managed to sneak commentary about the Puritan lifestyle , especially regarding the view of `` sin . '' One of the book 's flaws however , was its characters . The villain was relativly passive , yet he was portrayed as this horrible , detestable person . His victim , who was probably worse than his `` tormentor '' was portrayed as sympathetic . The `` bad guy '' was fairly unrealistic in his passiveness , as the victim was highly exaggerated in his suffering . The two come off as rather contrived . But , some more real characters , such as the daughter , serve to make up for this.Overall , this is a very good book . I 'd recommend it for anyone interested in reading the classics , or who enjoys 19th century literature .
 I enjoyed reading this novel , and learned a lot about thePuritan way of life in the colonies from it . It was verysad , but a good read .
 One would expect a novel written in the 19th century about the subject of adultery , penitence , conscience , and puritanism to resonate far less with the modern reader than this one does . Granted , the language is somewhat stilted to a modern ear , but not nearly as much so as most of its contemporaries , and while the characters are made to suffer for their `` sin '' , it is clear that Hawthorne feels that the punishment far exceeds what is just . The novel is more a condemnation of the sort of society that the Puritans were , rather than a condemnation of Hester Prynne . And while her paramour is not a very sympathetic character , it is n't because of his part in the `` sin '' , but rather because he 's coward and hypocrite enough to allow her to bear the full brunt of the punishment , while keeping his own good name and reputation intact , up until the moment of his impending death.All in all , a surprisingly good read , and a very worthwhile book to discuss ; there are many concepts involved which are capable of being seen in more than one light .
 Of all my orders from Amazon , I can honestly say this was the best . This book is a Collector 's Edition from Easton Press . The Scarlet Letter -LRB- 1850 -RRB- is a great American classic and I am very satisfied with the product . The book was exactly as described , beautiful , and brand new!The seller was extremely cooperative and mailed the book immediately . Expedited shipping was great and quicker than described ! The book was packaged very well and protected from any possible damage from the USPS . 10 stars .
 Well , to begin with , you have to endure sentences like '' The angel & apostle of the coming revelation must be a woman , indeed , but lofty , pure & beautiful , and wise ; moreover , not through dusky grief , but the ethereal medium of joy ; and showing how sacred love should make us happy , by the truest test of a life successful to such an end '' . This simply means that a life of love builds plentiful character & is joyous in the end , no matter the hardships , & that such a thing constitutes a revelation . Also , I 've never quite used the kindle dictionary the way I used it while reading this book.The plot is n't all that magnetic but the writing brings out many flavours of the puritanical life in Boston around the 17th century . The character development , except perhaps that of Roger Chillingworth , is first rate . Its brash historicity , according to me , is a wonderful thing & matters your learn about the society at the time are very insightful . Since romance underpins the themes of sin , guilt , revenge , & the psychological implications of these primeval human emotions , I 'd have to say that the plot is more dramatic than you might expect at times - but this could be an aspect of my own sensibilities than that of the novel.Its a good work to read , so I 'd recommend pressing on with the page long sentences & phrase long words.@souvikstweets
 This is a review for not the novel itself but the various Franklin Library editions available.The Franklin Library issued a number of different editions of the Scarlet Letter . Some of them are leather bound collector 's items and others faux-leather bound . However , Amazon Marketplace vendors are cross-listing indiscriminately . How to tell them apart?Franklin Library - The 100 Greatest Masterpieces of American Literature , a limited edition collection , 1976
 I saved money by purchasing this book instead of buying through the school . It came quickly and in great condition .
 Why spend the money for a hardcover edition of a book that is public domain and therefore available for practically nothing in either electronic versions or from a low-cost print-on-demand publisher?I guess you have to be old fashioned , but I personally wanted to have a physical copy of this great book in my library . The Everyman 's Library edition is , to me , one of the very best for readers who love books . I purchased it not just to read and enjoy , but to have for my family and to pass on to future generations.High quality printing , acid free paper , cloth bindings , silk ribbon marker . It is quite simply a beautiful book whether or not you leave the dust jacket on , or remove it.Additionally , there is the 11 page introduction , written for this edition by Alfred Kazin -LRB- On Native Grounds
 This is a book I was required to buy this for my summer Ap English homework . This product was just like in the description .
 rec 'd as Kindle download . Have n't read it as yet . Heard about the book all my life - but am just now getting to where I have a few minutes to read those books that I promised myself I 'd read someday . Thanks .
 this novel is of course set in england in the eighteeth centuryher a young woman jailed for crimes she commted outside themarriage was branded with a scarlett letter over her bossom.this was tipical of the ear and time .
 I definitely agree that ` The Scarlet Letter ' was n't the easiest read of my life . However , now that I 've been able to thoroughly digest Hawthorne 's language and message , the beauty of this great American work shines through clearly in my mind . I 'll admit that I did not come to the book by myself - it was assigned to me over the summer - but that has n't stopped me from appreciating Hawthorne 's command of the English language , his sensitivity and astute view of humanity , and his extensive use of allusions and images to carry his story beyond Puritan times and into all time . Hawthorne 's writing style , while dense and very literary , is n't impenetrable ; and once you break through the shell of our own modern prejudices , it 's easy to see what a wonderful and important novel this is .
 The Scarlet Letter has endured for over a hundred years and will continue to do so , because it tells a powerful story well . Though many may find Nathaniel Hawthorne 's writing boring or too descriptive , I think that every sentance serves to bring the book to life even more . The story itself too is fascinating , especially since the characters of Hester and Dimmesdale are not clearly good or bad . They 've sinned , but they are still good people , or are they ? Is Chillingworth really truly evil or are his motives justified ? And then there 's Pearl , the strange little girl who posesses unusual thoughts and character traits while still being the scarlet letter come to life . Altogether the book is a great study of shame and guilt for any age that is mature enough to appreciate it .
 The Scarlet Letter is a very good book . It would be much better though if we were alowed to read it on our own and draw our own conclusions . How well can you appreciate a book if you have to hurry because you must read 40 pages in one night while making sure to remember details that may be on the test . Read it in highschool or not , it does n't matter . But make sure to pick it up later in your life when you are ready for it , and you can draw your own conclusions instead of regurgitating what the teacher told you so you can pass a test .
 The Scarlet Letter By Nathaniel HawthorneHere 's a book that Monica Lewinsky definitely has n't read but perhaps she should have . Nathaniel Hawthorne 's classic masterpiece , The Scarlet Letter , explores the shame , isolation , and ostracism that a woman , Hester Prynne , endured as punishment for her transgression in Puritanical New England . Hawthorne 's criticism of Puritanical society is a constant theme that runs through his writings and is a reflection of the scorn he felt for his ancestors who played a crucial role in the Salem Witch Trials in 1692 . This common thread is evidenced in his other works such as his short story , `` The Minister 's Black Veil '' that once again focuses on a character who is isolated from society due to a personal indiscretion . In The Scarlet Letter , Hawthorne 's depiction of a shunned woman reveals his insightful understanding of this complex character and the shame she had to endure for her transgression . One ca n't help but notice that such punishments are outdated in today 's desensitized society , a society in which , on the whole , hardly an eyebrow was raised in response to the modern-day Hester Prynne character , Monica Lewinsky .
 In this powerful and moving piece by Hawthorne , he reveals the presence of societal pressures which affect character judgment . Set in the late 1840s and published around that time , Hawthorne 's story takes place in Salem and Concord , Massachusetts . He writes in an omniscient point of view , revealing the thoughts and prejudices of each character while interjecting his opinion along with the side.After the rather boring and tedious introduction which made me almost not want to read the book , the story opens with Hester Prynne holding an infant begat by immoral means emerging from the prison door and onto a scaffold for all to bear witness to the letter `` A '' for adulteress on her chest . Throughout the story , the focus will be on this symbol , and how it evolves over time with different perspectives.I wo n't get into much detail as that may ruin the book for your readers , so I 'll move on to Hawthorne 's awesome and abundant use of imagery used as symbols for the hypocrisy of the times and so forth . With his use of imagery , he criticizes the mankind for their ignorance In addition he adds transcendentalist views into the story the show the ability of nature being able to outlast and survive over some of the whimsical presumptions of man , such as what the symbol represents.Much of the book rely on symbols and what the characters represent . Reading and deciphering their meaning is not hard , but is not entirely obvious . What makes Hawthorne so clever is the way he shows the attributes of each character that define their symbol.Initially , I almost gave up on the book due to the rather long and tedious introduction about the narrator of the story , but I stuck through since it was part of a reading assignment for my reading class . When I finished , I can honestly say that I thoroughly enjoyed it , as I provides an insightful view of mankind 's ways and our faults . Hawthorne created a timeless masterpiece and I suggest you guys to read it .
 BrittleeMs . Self 's English HonorsKickapoo High SchoolJunior11/21/05Warning
 So maybe I 'm not your typical high school student . I was prepared to love this book , so I came in with more patience and excitement than most , probably . What I found , through a month-long picking apart of this book in my Lit . Class , was that I loved it more than I ever could have imagined . I flew through it ! This book is a high-gear powerhouse of emotion , reeling with the intensity of deep true love fighting the evil forces of human hate and revenge . I would recommend this for any reader who is mature enough to handle the language and themes of forbidden love with acceptance and understanding . It 's a fantastic book . I cherish my hardbound copy !
 The Scarlet Letter by Nathanial Hawthorne was a book assigned to me to read and I was prepared to hate it . Upon reading it , however , I found it to be a wonderful novel which still makes valid points today , almost 200 years after it 's publication . Hawthorne was deeply insightful in this novel about the intricacies of human nature . The entire novel is a perfect view of all of the flaws in the human race including the vices of jealousy , passion and cowardice . Through the actions of the Reverand Dimmesdale , Hester Prynne and Roger Chillingworth , Hawthorne was able to portray all aspects of emotion . Chillingworth 's actions can all be justified by his love for Hester and the intense jealousy he felt for Dimmesdale . Hester 's strengths and weakenesses were shown through the great courage she had in staying where she was hated and also in never making her accomplice own up to his actions . I loved this book and even though it was tough to read , it was well worth it .
 Being in high school , it took a little bit to understand it , but after a while , I was able to get the basic point of the story . If you know you 'll have to read this for school in the future , read it ahead of time . That way , you wo n't be reading on a deadline , which makes it worse . Read it at your own pace and you will understand it more . Also , the second time through , when you have to read it , you will see many things that you missed , and the story will be much more meaningful to you . -LRB- You 'll do better on tests and quizzes , too . -RRB- Even if you 're not required to read it , check it out-it 's not called a classic for nothing !
 this book represents a time in the past of our country in which we should be ashamed . not only was this a time of `` witchcraft '' and witchunts , but the society was willing to ostracize a human being for adultery . as if it were n't punishment enough for hester to have to wear the `` a '' on her chest , everyone stared at her peculiarly and did not accept her into normal society . i think this is overly harsh , yet this whole book reflects the time in which it took place very well . i would recommend it .
 Although it suffers from the expected trappings of Romantic literature -LRB- authorial intrusion , verbosity , etc -RRB- and the blatant didactic tone of the author , this book is an essential for anyone wishing to have a full appreciation for American literature . Hawthorne creates a masterpiece of social commentary , cross-applied symbolism and overall beauty . The chief virtue of this book is the question posed by the line `` what we did had a consecration all its own . '' It is this line which continues to spark discussions among English teachers everywhere . The implications of these words also seem to elude students across the country . The issue is this
 We have just finished reading this book in school and I for one loved it . Hawthorne is showing how one sin , adultery , changed the lives of Hester , Dimmesdale , Chillingworth and Pearl . There is so much more to this book than what appears on the surface . On the surface , Hester had an affair , was found and had Pearl . But what is hidden below is Hawthorne feeling about the novel . Hawthorne defines sin as `` the falsification of human relationships '' . While adultery jumps out at us , there is more hidden underneath . Dimmesdale is one who falsifies being a father , lover and friend . He denied Pearl the joy of having a father , could not come forward to admit his part with Hester and lied to Chillingworth who was supposed to be his good friend . On Chillingworth 's part , he committed the biggest sin . Once he found out who Dimmesdale really was , he tried to do everything in his power to take over the minister 's soul . He hurt both Dimmesdale and Hester , which in Hawthorne 's eyes was the biggest sin of them all . Hester never married Chillingworth because she loved him ; she did it because she had to . Once she found love with Dimmesdale , she realized that it was real and she made a huge mistake by marrying the leech . It is a great book , which is hard to read , but once you get below what is obvious , it turns into a story that is still real even after all these years .
 `` The Scarlet Letter '' is a superior book that explodes in emotion , passion , love , hatred , and crime . Hawthorne 's choice of vocabulary is absolutely perfect to suit this novel . However , like all great classics , the reader must be patient . The story is very powerful , like an iron fist , telling of sins of adultery , and the great Dimmsedale , a character in this book , `` who keeps is hand over thy heart . '' Full of fierce yet excellent story telling , this book is a must for all lovers of classics and American Literature
 I just had to read this book for a class -LRB- making the third time I 've read it -RRB- . There are not many books I re-read -LRB- too many others to get to -RRB- , but this is one I could read over and over again -LRB- and have ! -RRB- . Every word counts , every scene is moving , every theme important and involving . Okay , so it 's a little too obviously symbolic here and there , but what the hay ! Hawthorne was one of the first truly American writers and had important things to say , plus he found the perfect story to clothe his beliefs and concerns in . Read it ! And then , if you like it , go for `` House of Seven Gables '' and `` The Marble Faun . ''
 This book was well written by its author , Nathaniel Hawthorne . It is considered one of the classics , hence the reason that we read it in AP Lang . But I was most impressed with the price , quality , and speediness of the delivery and book . I was also very happy to see that it was the same version that my whole class had , despite that version 's absence from numerous bookstores in my area . Thank you Amazon !!
 Those who read THE SCARLET LETTER tend to take its message about the evils of sin and their consequences at face value and therefore literally . It is understandable that readers of Hawthorne 's dark fable think like that since he places such heavy emphasis on the letter itself , which no one has trouble labeling as the `` a '' in adultery . However , since sin and its ramifications have been analyzed and interpreted in nearly every manner possible , it then seems reasonable to assume that the sin of the scarlet letter is more flexible than previously thought . This flexibility of the meaning of sin does not reside within the concept of sin , which according to Puritan conventions , was pretty well fixed , but rather it lies within each person who either carries sin within her heart like Hester , or rails against those who are accused of carrying it , like the Puritan church leaders . What emerges after hearing Dimmesdale 's closing sermon against sin is that in any comparison with its evolving meaning from the beginning of the book to the end with the three major characters , one is struck with the unsettling notion that the very concept of sin is infinitely elastic.The church leaders who branded Hester had no difficulty labeling Hester 's affair as worthy of the letter . To them they saw an affair and compared it to their collective notion of sin and placed an equal sign between the two . It did not occur to them that they might have created a greater sin by choosing one of their own as a scapegoat -- as Shirley Jackson would much later do in THE LOTTERY -- and cast off their own foibles on a woman who did not deserve such branding . Nor did they consider the indefinite period of time that would inevitably accompany the branding . Finally , they made no provision for redemption or rehabilitation , which to them meant no more than the victim 's extorted shouts of approval of the public shaming . In the person of the Reverend Dimmesdale , Hawthorne shows us a man with even more subtle shades of sin that Hester possesses . He sins and then tries to cover it up , clearly not what one would expect from one who supposedly belongs to the same social group as the branders themselves . If it is difficult to rationalize Hester 's silence concerning the paternity of their child Pearl , then it is far more difficult to do the same concerning his own . When he agonizes over his own participation in the affair , he balances a weak desire to be honest against a much stronger one to cloak his weaknesses under his clerical collar . If Dimmesdale can not perceive that the root source for his painful process of self-flagellation lay in the harshness of his religious training , the reader has no such problem . Had the Puritan concept of sin and adultery not been synonymous , then his pain and Hester 's pain could not exist . And then there is the master manipulator of the two , Roger Chillingworth . In his own way , he twists the meaning of sin to accommodate so many hues that the word is stretched into a linguistic pretzel . Even after multiple readings , one can not tell to what extent the desire for revenge poisons his mind , or how much his own inner demons drove him on . It is this continuous ebbing back and forth of the meaning of sin that both drives and undermines Hester , Dimmesdale , and Chillingworth that causes each new generation of reader to ponder whether sin is a quality external to them or is somehow hardwired into their collective souls . The scarlet letter then emerges more as a mirror that reflects the conscience of all concerned than it does a poor woman who must endure a few hours of personal horror in the village stocks .
 I 've never heard of this author before so reading this was a bit of a gamble with me but I liked the sound of it . Well , I 'm glad I took the risk . I was sucked into the characters lives and anxious to discover thier outcomes and fates . The plotline fell into place so well and wonderfully . Despite the fact that it was n't full of suspense it was still SUCH a page turner . I loved the way the book was written , each line meant something and each line was meant to be there and each new page was like a new poem.It made me concentrate too . It 's not the kind of book you can read half asleep before bed time , this book required my full attention .
 The Scarlet Letter is a fantastic story , a story of Hester Prynne , a wife who went to `` the New World '' -LRB- America -RRB- before her husband , and whose husband is suspected of being lost at sea . During the couple years that she is alone , she becomes pregnant and gives birth - proving to the entire Puritan colony that she has been unfaithful to her husband.The Puritan elders madate that she wear a scarlet letter , the letter `` A '' , upon her bosom . The story tells of how this single event works in the lives of the three , and symbolism is everywhere.This story is the story of Hester Prynne , and of her -LRB- once -RRB- husband , her paramour , and of her child . The turn of phrase is fantastic , and eloquent . The book has many memorable and quotable phrases , and more than a few colorful characters.Flo Gibson 's reading of the story is exquisite , with all the nuance and emphasis one could hope for . Her character voices are splendid , and there is little doubt as to who might be speaking at any time . She never hesitates , and never sounds as if she is plodding , but rather is acting as story-teller and muse.I fell in love with this book , and Flo Gibson gives it voice .
 This is the first truly great American novel . When I read it years ago I was not the ideal reader . The whole atmosphere of sin and guilt was difficult for me to take . There was a gloom in it which I wanted to escape from . It was hard for me too at that age and time of life to give full attention and sympathy to a female protagonist . What did I have to do with this Hester Prynne ? Chillingworth the avenging husband was cold and unsympathetic as death . And Dimmesdale too standing hypocritically on the pulpit and preaching a morality he himself violates also did not appeal to me . In some way I did not even understand what Hester Prynne did so wrong , and why they were tormenting her so . A backward and benighted society , a narrow morality a lack of love and tenderness . Well these of course are all of Hawthorne 's points as he pits the traditional , narrow morality which becomes immoral and inhumane in persecuting the person who has done wrong , Hester , but who in response to the wrong acts with nobility and humanity . I too must admit that I could not understand how Hester could give up the child , Pearl . In any case with the years it seems to me that when I read this book I was not really ready to understand it . I could not do it justice.Hawthorne 's sentence , '' Until the heart is touched we do not begin to be '' seems to me a lesson illustrated powerfully here through Hester 's ` evil ' deed and its redemption in her noble conduct thereafter .
 Although I enjoyed this book , I sometimes found that the language that Hawthorne uses in this novel to be confusing and somewhat excessive . The descriptions were vivid , but sometimes were taken to the point where they take away from the story . Especially in the beginning when I was still trying to figure out what was going on , I would often read a whole page just to realize that I had no clue what it had just said because of the confusing Elizabethan words . The language does add to the portrayal of society in the mid 1600 's , and maybe I had trouble understanding because I have a small vocabulary.Once I was able to follow what Hawthorne was saying , I quickly got into the book . The differences in the characters and the many twists and turns that the story takes keeps the reader entertained and guessing what will happen next until the last line.This was a great book that I think everyone should read , but I think that it would be a whole lot easier to grasp if a couple `` thou `` s and `` thy `` s were replaced with more modern language .
 The beauty of this book rests in its simplicity . On the surface , the story might seem dated -LRB- even out of date -RRB- and a cliche , but it 's not . The sheer clarity of the writing , coupled with the wonderful characterizations and unparalled setting , make this a riveting read on many levels . I also enjoyed Harper Lee 's `` To Kill a Mockingbird , '' `` The Bark of the Dogwood '' by Jackson McCrae , and `` The Great Gatsby '' by Fitzgerald .
 The Scarlet LetterSet in Boston in the 1640s , The Scarlet Letter is the story of three people who suffer for their wrongs and a strict Puritan community which enforces obedience . The author , Nathaniel Hawthorne , writes the story of Hester Prynne , Roger Chillingworth , and Author Dimmsdale who each commit wrong and suffer for it.The Scarlet Letter begins before the door of a jail on a gloomy day in Puritan New England . Hester Prynne , a woman who has committed adultery , is being led out to public view on the town scaffold . According to Puritan law , Hester should have been burned on that scaffold for her wrongdoing , but the townsmen have been merciful to let her live . However , she must always wear a scarlet letter A , made of her own needlework , as a symbol for adultery unless she tells who her partner was . She refuses to divulge this information and is dispatched to live awall the town in a cottage in the nearby woods . There she keeps herself busy working as a seamstress and raising her daughter , Pearl . During the same day that Hester was viewed on the scaffold , a physician named Roger Chillingworth appears in the town . The townsfolk immediately think him to be a blessing , for their well-loved minister , Arthur Dimmesdale , seemed to be growing weak , and a well-learnt physician was what they thought he needed . Unknown to all the townsmen , Chillingworth was Hester 's rightful husband . When he sees her on the scaffold for committing adultery he vows to revenge her partner . This kind of revenge reduces him to a kind of demonic work which he begins on the minister once he becomes his live-in physician . The minister seems to be suffering from something more than physical infirmity . Hester Prynne begins to feel bad about her own quietitude and tells Dimmesdale who Chillingworth really is.I think that this a good book for anyone interested in reading an exciting story that has a moral lesson too . It contains some particular information about Puritan Boston although it is not an in-depth study on this matter . Nathaniel Hawthorne also wrote The House of the Seven Gables , a novel that takes place in the Regional New England era . It is also a good book and contains a moral lesson .
 I first read The Scarlet Letter in high school-required reading of course . Even though I enjoyed other works by Hawthorne -LRB- `` Rappaccini 's Daughter '' for instance -RRB- , getting through `` The Scarlet Letter '' was true drudgery . At that time , the book 's wordiness and description density got in the way of the plot . Also , I thought the Rev. Dimmesdale was a dwerb -LRB- I still do -RRB- . It was n't until my son transferred to a new school and complained about having to reread the book that I picked it up again . If he had to suffer through it twice , I figured I would too -- and it was worth it.This time around I listened to the book on tape . It was a much better experience . Yes , the characteristics I had complained about earlier remain-the density of description relative to action , the seeming irrelevance of the long prologue to the body of the book , and the antique language and culturally alien setting . But hearing the words rather than seeing them on the page gave them an immediacy and an impact that I had missed earlier-there were even -LRB- gasp ! -RRB- occasional hints of humor in the turn of a phrase . In fact , Hawthorne seemed strikingly modern in his understanding of the subtleties of character ; notions of guilt , repression , and revenge ; and even his thoughts on the role of women.As a writer , Hawthorne frequently made use of supernatural themes and references to convey psychological truths . `` The Scarlet Letter '' is no exception . Chillingsworth 's researches are those of an alchemist ; Mistress Hibbins believes herself a witch ; and Pearl , Hester 's preternaturally perceptive and occasionally perverse child , is compared to an elf . These Gothic elements are descriptions of the exterior world , but they help form our understanding of the interior world of the characters on which the plot of the book turns . Chillingworth 's vengeance , because it-like the work of an alchemist -- is undertaken by choice , is seen as far more evil than Hester and Dimmesdale 's adultery , a sin of nature and love . Hester 's acceptance of her crime and its punishment becomes her strength . Dimmesdale 's decline , in contrast , results from his own weakness and guilt in not acknowledging his role in the illicit affair . Hawthorne 's description of his descent into a madness that destroys both mind and body is a stunning and even clinically relevant piece of writing.All in all , `` The Scarlet Letter `` is not an easy book and definitely not a book for everyone . But for those who are willing to undertake its complexities of language , allegory and symbolism , it is an extremely rewarding one .
 Had great packaging and within 4 days . Awesome book . Came in on time . Word word word word word word word word .
 While I had a copy of the Scarlet Letter in my personal library , my son 's teacher required the Dover edition . I was very pleased with the vendor 's delivery , arriving before the due date . My son expressed ease with which he was able to read , especially when the class used the same edition as a text . Thank you !
 The text is clearly formatted in this Kindle edition , and the tough words that i did not know were also clearly defined by my Kindle . Really helped me understand it
 The Scarlet Letter is the first Kindle book I have ever ordered on my new Kindle Fire . It could n't have been simpler . Have not read it yet , but intend to soon .
 Book was brand new as described . It came in a decent time frame . Overall , the book was great to read . I needed it for my english class .
 The story of hester is by itself a master piece worthy of its highly commended status , however the annotated version really helps the reader understand the historical references and many archaic words .
 Although this book can be challenging to read I find it extremely well done . Nathanial Hawthorne is a brilliant writer and deserves high praise for this story . The manner in which the author presents the characters in this book make you feel part of the story . I am enjoying it tremendously . After a few months go by , I actually am planning to reread the Scarlet Letter .
 I once again re live the story first read in college so many years ago . Man 's in humanity to others is so well stated . I empathize with the lady and am driven to aggressive feelings towards those who have intolerence and towards unfortunate situations . Holier than thou attitudes again are so manifest in our unforgiving society .
 Enjoyed the read . A change from my usual choice of reading . If it had been assigned in school I do n't think I 'd have made it through .
 * Spoiler Alert * I really enjoyed this book . At age 41 , I decided it was about time I read `` the book '' I somehow avoided reading in high school . It is interesting to find that it represented something entirely different from what I believed . This is not a social commentary on single parenthood or adultery . Rather , it is a comparison of choices and their effects.Regardless of who we are , each of us has something we believe in . We do n't have to share the values of others to see how their beliefs drive the consequences of their choices . We can learn from them , even if we do n't agree with them.This story contrasts the choices made by the three main characters
 This is an easy to read and comprehendible modified version of the novel Scarlet Letter that is read by high school students . It is perfect for special education students as the reading level is adapted to lower level readers and it follows the plot of the non modified version .
 This book is highly informative in helping one understand what makes American culture tick . There is a moral strand in American culture that is traceable to Puritanism . Even today , it 's hard to understand American culture apart from Puritanism and Puritan theology . This book encapsulates the American public life and culture on open society levels .
 After reading many of Nathaniel Hawthorne 's works , I am thoroughly amazed at his ability to write about deep and profound ideas such as hidden sin or `` real '' beauty . `` The Scarlet Letter '' definetely is a very good novel.I must admit it is very touching and tragic , but it is not adventurous as many teenagers want it today -LRB- I am a teenager -RRB- . You must focus on the things said instead of the things done . With that in mind , I was profoundly moved by Mr. Dimmesdale 's fears and worries , Mr. Chillingworth 's cunning complexity , Hester Prynne 's quiet silent attitude , and Pearl 's devilish actions . Each character in the story was so amazing 3-dimensional . Yes , there are parts in the book that are more verbose than I would have liked , and that is why I rated it a 4 . I just learned to ignore those parts that did n't really seem to pertain to the major ideas of the story , and instead focus on those words and feelings that Hawthorne so amazingly expressed . These ideas far outweigh the verboseness . And I actually must admit that I did not find it an extremely long book . If you focus on the reading , it does n't take long at all -LRB- compared to many longer novels of the same class -RRB- . My advice
 `` The Scarlet Letter '' gains its stature as a great work of art because Hawthorne has selected a historical-social issue , and going beyond the historical and social context , has explored and dramatized the issue in terms of its fundamental social , moral , philosophical and psychological meaning and implications - weaving an intricate pattern in which all the themes are inextricably intertwined and proceed from each other . Further , this novel becomes exceptional because it deals with such complex phenomena in a rather short story and a rather simple plot.To the theme of
 Emily Queenp .5 One may scorn another 's action , and participate in the punishment while he is guilty of the same wrong doing , resulting in mental anguish until one confesses , this is the case in `` The Scarlet Letter '' by Nathaniel Hawthorne . Hester Prynne is a young woman who has a baby , Pearl , while her husband is away . She is brought before the town for all to see , and Reverend Master Dimmesdale , a clergyman of the town , with disturbing passion , reveals the wrongdoing of Hester . As a punishment for this act , instead of death , Hester has to wear the scarlet letter A on her bosom . She beautifully embroiders it . Even though she feels shame , she appears to wear it with pride . On the way to the scaffold , Hester makes eye contact with her husband , who has recently returned from England . Later he comes to her jail cell and speaks to her . To keep him safe from humiliation , she swears to not reveal his true identity , but to refer to him as Roger Chillingworth , a man of medicine . Hester passes the next seven years with little exposure to the world . She lives off her embroidery to meet the demands of the wealthy , yet she finds time to lend a helping hand to the poor . As she becomes a young girl , Pearl develops somewhat of a devilish disposition . Pearl taunts her mother about the scarlet letter thinking that her mother is a witch . She asks her mother to admit to signing the Black Man 's book and that the scarlet letter being his mark . Hester does n't want her daughter , her only companion , to despise her like the rest of the town so she never tells Pearl why she wears the scarlet letter . One day delivering a pair of gloves to Reverend Master Dimmesdale , she learns of his infirmities , and that Roger Chillingworth is his physician , who seems to be cruel to the minister . Reverend Master Dimmesdale is not only dying from a physical impairment , but also from that of the soul . He has done wrong , but refuses to tell anyone for the shame of the people . He who had so cruelly spoke of Hester 's wrong doing in front of the town was guilty of the same . In order to free his troubled mind , he comes before the town and reveals the truth of his relationship with Hester Prynne . This brings a tie between the Hester , Pearl and Dimmesdale that leads to a great event.Throughout `` The Scarlet Letter '' , Nathaniel Hawthorne uses symbolism to hint a connection between the characters without revealing answers to the questions that build suspense . The scarlet letter `` On the breast of her gown , in fine red cloth , surrounded with an elaborate embroidery and fantastic flourishes of gold thread '' symbolizes much more than just Hester 's adultery . Pearl has always been attracted to the scarlet letter , and the way Reverned Master Dimmesdale always has his hand upon his heart . The reader knows Hester 's crime , but wonders how the minister has sinned . Then Reverend Master Dimmesdale 's guilty conscience leads him to the scaffold where he consequently runs into Hester and Pearl , he asks them to join him ; `` And there stood the minister with his hand over his heart ; Hester Prynne , with the embroidered letter glimmering on her bosom ; and little Pearl , herself a symbol , and the connecting link between these two . '' At this point there is no doubt that they are all connected by the sense that they are the product of sin , yet there seems to be a greater tie . Then while looking up to the zenith , the minister sees '' the letter A -- in out in lines of dull red light '' The reader may now be wondering if the minister is suffering from guilt of being Pearl 's father , and not confessing when he had helped with the punishment of Hester . It has not yet been directly revealed to the reader or any other characters , so the reader is still in suspense , and will be until nearly the end . `` The Scarlet Letter '' is an intriguing book because of its symbolism .
 I just read this book for the second time , at age 43 . The first time was at age 15 , as a school assignment , and boy , did I not get anything from it back then!But this time , I was enthralled . I gasped , cried , jumped up out of my chair . I read it in ONE SITTING.It is exquisitly written , deliciously horrifying , agonizingly suspenseful , overwhelmingly compelling . Afterword , I could not start another book for days while I thought about the experience I had just had.Read this book as an adult . It is a true great of literature . It is a life experience that everyone should have.And now some warnings
 The Scarlet Letter is a really good book . I will not divuldge into any details about the book so as to keep the mystery of the book .
 Once you get past the language barrier , this book is an amazing read . To see the tragedies that some women went through at one point in history is a great thing , and to remind us never to let history repeat itself .
 Never had to read this for school until now . Really did not know all the facts it would dig into . Really liked it a lot .
 Who has n't read The Scarlet Letter in High School ? I did n't , instead of reading classics such as this , my teacher had us reading books like Go Ask Alice and Jay 's Journal . Did I miss out by not reading this book back then , I think I did , and I think it 's a shame that teachers are taking books like this out of their curriculum.There were times where the story seemed to drag a bit , and at times it was hard to follow the dialect , but that 's to be expected with a classic . I did have a hard time getting drawn into the book , as the first part of the book is a mini-autobiography of the author and how he came to write the book . Once I got past this section though , I was drawn into the story of Hester , Pearl , Roger , and Mr. Dimmesdale . How strong Hester must have been to have endured the critisism of her fellow towns people , and not allow it to stop her from being charitable to others in need . My first thought of Mr. Dimmesdale is that he was quite the weak man , but then the guilt of his secret was probably much harder mentally then what Hester went through publicly . Evil does n't even begin to describe Roger , however a man in his position is probably not going to be thinking straight to start with . Then there was Pearl , her character was the hardest for me to accept . I think the author went a little too far with some of her persistance and insight into thing beyond her years . Overall , the book was well written , and the story gripping .
 This book says so much about the breadth of human kindness and forgiveness . It is just as relevant today -LRB- since people are just as prone to judging and condemning other today -RRB- as it was when it was printed . This is an oldie , but a goodie ! : -RRB-
 The late Robert J. Oppenheimer once compiled a list of `` recommended reading '' , also for non-physicists . The Scarlet Letter by Nathaniel Hawthorne featured prominently on that list , and who am I to disagree with Oppenheimer?Truly a moving tale of sin , love and the never-ending longing for redemption.Heartily recommended .
 This is a masterpiece . Yes , the writing is florid and indicative of a particular kind of writing but the story and the characters are masterfully made . The fact that this read is compelling to readers living in this century in America says a lot about a work so enduring that even if you have never heard of Hawthorne , you know this story and you know what a scarlet `` A '' means .
 The was a very good book . It was very long ago so the wording was different . People were having affairs way back when . The end is interest
 I read this book when in college . Hawthorne , in this novel above all , is a master of character development . Hester , Roger , and Arthur are all powerfully depicted , and the moral conflict facing each of them is , for two of them at least , overwhelming . Hester is a strong person , stronger than Zenobia in The Blithedale Romance , and , unlike Zenobia , not manipulative . She carries the greatest burden of the book because were she to tell the truth , she would destroy the father of her child . Back when I read the book , and now also , I admired Hawthorne for depicting the evils of strict , damning , religion , which tortures and shames those who do n't conform to its dogmas . And I found it ironic that in order to have a better life , Hester leaves the New World and goes to the Old . If you have n't read any classic American literature of the 19th century , you should read A Scarlet Letter , Moby Dick , and The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn .
 This is a review for not the novel itself but the various Franklin Library editions available.The Franklin Library issued a number of different editions of the Scarlet Letter . Some of them are leather bound collector 's items and others faux-leather bound . However , Amazon Marketplace vendors are cross-listing indiscriminately . How to tell them apart?Franklin Library - The 100 Greatest Masterpieces of American Literature , a limited edition collection , 1976
 I am a high school student who had to read this book for an assignment , even though I was `` forced '' to read this novel I loved it . At times it can be complex but if you stick to it and read it in the end it was well worth it . The characters flow extremly well and this novel can still be used to view some societies now adays . In Iran and many of those eastern countries women are still judged harshly for many things . Hawthorne truly displays the sufferings of women all through the ages
 It is interesting that this superb piece of literature came out the same year Dickens ' masterpiece `` David Copperfield '' -LRB- 1850 -RRB- came out . The roots for this novel can be found in Hawthorne 's short story `` Endicott and the Red Cross . '' This exquisite work shows us a harsh and brutally realistic picture of Puritan America . Hester draws much sympathy as the woman who suffers way too much persecution for her crime of infidelity . Dimmesdale is memorable as the guilty lover who tries to advocate for Hester when the authorities want to take Hester 's illegitimate child away . He also offers a very moving passage in XVII when he openly confesses to us -LRB- the readers -RRB- his guilt . Pearl is captivating as the product of Hester and Dimmesdale 's affair . While as a child she can not figure out exact details , she CAN make connections between facts . Roger -LRB- Hester 's husband -RRB- is perhaps Hawthorne 's greatest creation . He offers a very chilling and memorable passage in IV when he confronts Hester and reveals his identity to us . He is by far the most intelligent character in the book . Furthermore , his careful investigations contrast strikingly with the other characters breakdowns and outbursts . Hawthorne increases the complexity of this phenomenal character when Roger leaves his wealth to Hester despite her affair . Another fine aspect of this book is the way in which Hawthorne gradually unfolds the major facts and gives us time to figure them out before he flat out tells the crucial happenings .
 Where does one begin ? how does one begin ? This novel of Hawthorne is an excellent one . . a classic ... a novel to be cherished . The lessons to be learnt about sin , giult , denial and eventual deliverance of truth , redemption and socialization can all be internalized into real life . Yes , Hawthorne was not a perfect Writer but he portrays the language skillfully and beautifully . I must stress that to reaal understand this book , you should n't be cranking up the volume on your stereo and drinking caffeine drinks ... if you do . you 'll fell the book is '' the worst book you could ever read ''
 Although rather difficult to understand , The Scarlet Letter was an incredibly interesting book . Hawthorne writes in a way that his characters are very realistic and relatable . I just finished reading it for American Lit . and I have to admitt I was far from thirilled about the idea but I found by the time I got to about the 5th chapter that I really could n't wait to find time to read more . If you like to read about human nature and how one decsion really can determine your life and that of those around you than you should definetly look into reading The Scarlet Letter .
 One might notice that many of the negative reviews of this book contain horrible grammer and multiple spelling errors . Although I respect those who disliked The Scarlet Letter , I disagree . It 's no wonder that people that do n't know how to capitalize the word ` I ' . I thought that this book was wonderful , if you are willing to put effort into understanding it .
 Nathaniel Hawthorne 's `` The Scarlet Letter '' is a vivid -LRB- and accurate -RRB- portayal of life in Puritan New England . The prejudices , superstitions and institutions of the society are expressed so well that contemporary readers , who have little knowledge of New England 's history , are able to feel the oppression and religious pressures that were common in that society . Indeed , this work is comparable -LRB- if not superior -RRB- to Arthur Miller 's Crucible .
 Most people of todays time do n't seem to be able to really get this book . It is written for the time of old when women were homemakers and men ruled all . If things were a sin it was likely a womans fault and everything that happened that was n't typical was considered either a sign from God or the devils work . So , here we have a story of a very naughty girl who got pregnant out of wedlock . So , by custom she was inprisoned and judged because of her sin . This is where the story begins . She keeps her mouth shut about who helped create this heathen child with her , which shows her own character . Then the story goes through the details of what becomes of her life . The town gossips have their hayday and later in the book people from out of town come to town just to see the girl with the scarlet letter . You see how many people treat her because she chose to not move away but to stay and face her persecutors head on . The whole time she also has to keep seeing her thought to be dead husband who is imitating someone else . All the while she faces many more trials and triumphs them all . She almost gets to run away with her love who fathered her child but circumstances keep that from happening . However slightly sad the ending is , it also ties up many loose ends . Overall , even with some rather drawn out details it is written amazingly well and a great read for anyone .
 This book is rightly a classic.Its in depth portraits of a courageous woman , who defies public morality , and of her opponent-lover the despicable Reverend Arthur Dimmesdale are timeless.This book is also a frontal attack on the Pharisaism of Puritanism -LRB- and other religions ? -RRB- , symbolized by the Reverend , who ` clear as the mid-day sunshine on the scarlet letter , establish himself a false and sin-stained creature of the dust . ` The comment on his death ` After exhausting life in his efforts for mankind 's spiritual good ' is the same as ` Do what I say , do n't do what I do ' . The Pharisaism sounds also clearly in the following sentence -LRB- shortened -RRB-
 Nathaniel Hawthorne proves to be particularly convincing in his ability to convey the hidden adulterous habits that corrupt a small Puritan community in colonial Massachusetts . Through his extensive use of lengthy diction , Hawthorne examines how so-called `` pious '' people immediately close their minds when faced with the `` devil 's work . '' Hester Prynne , an average everyday Puritan woman , finds herself in a set of unforeseeable events as she is excluded from the rest of the town . Hester has given birth in a prison cell to a daughter named Pearl , whose father remains nameless . While Hester 's previous husband was deemed dead , she found comfort in her romance with the town 's minster Dimmesdale . The resulting child is forced to grow up apart from the rest of the children . She and her mother are now considered outsiders and Hester must wear a Scarlet-embroidered `` A '' upon her bosom . Dimmesdale , as the town 's minster , is viewed by most as a man free of sin . By deceiving his followers with his hidden identity as Pearl 's father , he maintains his high status in society . As public shame becomes an imminent part of Hester 's life , Dimmesdale must face the burden of guilt as the love of his life is forced to endure such dreadful circumstances while he remains completely righteous in the eyes of the town.The Scarlet Letteris an excellent source of literature for students who are looking to enrich their curriculum with high-level diction . Hawthorne shows us how superficial impressions give us false portrayals of how life truly becomes as individuals in a `` caring '' society suddenly turn against one certain individuals in the moments of their greatest needs .
 When people think of a `` scarlet letter , '' we immediate think of a person outwardly branded for something they have done . Credit Nathaniel Hawthorne 's `` The Scarlet Letter '' for that -- it 's an intense , impassioned -LRB- if slightly hammy -RRB- story of a strong-willed woman in Puritan New England , who is branded for her sins and her love for one weak man.In the mid-1600s , a passionate young woman named Hester Prynne has been accused of adultery -- she recently had a baby , even though her husband was abroad . Just as damning to the elders is the fact that she wo n't name baby Pearl 's father . Even her estranged husband -- a cold-hearted older man calling himself Roger Chillingworth -- wants to know her lover 's identity , but Hester steadfastly refuses to even hint at the man 's identity.We learn early in the book that Pearl 's dad is actually the local minister Arthur Dimmesdale , who is wracked with guilt , hallucinations and sickness because of his secret adultery . Chillingworth slowly deduces who his wife 's lover was , and begins to scheme revenge on Dimmesdale . Will the former lovers manage to escape their guilt-ridden lives , or will they reveal the truth to everyone?It sounds like `` The Scarlet Letter '' is JUST a story about guilt and sin , but it 's also a story about love and steadfastness . Hester remains strong and kind throughout her life despite others ' cruelty to her , and her love for Dimmesdale and Pearl is what gives her that strength . Chillingworth -LRB- symbolic name ! -RRB- is a cuckold , but it 's impossible to like him because of his lack of love -- he loves no one , and lives only for revenge.And at the same time , Hawthorne reminds us that goodness can overcome your past sins . Hester slowly overcomes the Puritans ' loathing for her by simply being charitable , kind , helpful and loving , until eventually her sin is eclipsed by her virtues . On the flip side , Dimmesdale is annoying because of his weakness and cowardice -- I know he 's supposed to be wracked with guilt , but he 's so pathetic compared to Hester that it 's just infuriating.Hawthorne 's writing may take a little while for modern audiences to get used to . It 's very 19th-century in style , with staid , slightly stuffy prose gilded with hauntingly poetic moments and intense passion -LRB- `` Never , never ! '' whispered she . `` What we did had a consecration of its own '' -RRB- . At times Hawthorne 's story gets a little ... hammy -LRB- such as Dimmesdale revealing his `` A '' burn scar -RRB- , but the power of his story keeps this from getting silly . `` The Scarlet Letter '' is used to describe outward signs of guilt , but Hawthorne 's novel is actually about strength and love , and how they can blot out misdeeds .
 The Scarlet Letter by Nathaniel HawthorneThe deep and controversial tale of The Scarlet Letter , by Nathaniel Hawthorne , was first published in 1850 by the company Ticknor and Fields . From there it became more and more famous and made many people reflect on what is right or wrong . Nathaniel Hawthorne was born on July 4 , 1804 in Salem , Massachusetts . After being laid off from his surveying occupation , in 1848 , he wrote The Scarlet Letter in the free time that he then had . Unfortunately , he died at age 60 , on May 19 , 1864 , due to failing health . Throughout his life , his mother , who was widowed , had an impact on his life . She made him realize that it was better to make something out of his life , rather than stay in solitude . Many of his life experiences , like this one , contributed to quite a few of his stories . The historical fiction book , The Scarlet Letter is no exception . While the interesting plot shows lessons , such as sinning , it also shows how , that although it may be bad , it 's really up to you to choose the way to handle those mistakes . Although there are no illustrations , this tale is certainly not lacking in vivid descriptions and the play of emotions . It is a page turning tale of love , sin , guilt , and self respect.In the middle of the seventeenth century , in Boston , Massachusetts , the intriguing characters of The Scarlet Letter unfold their tale . The main character is Hester Prynne , who is a young woman originally from Europe , was sent ahead of her husband Roger Chillingworth to go to America . He was delayed a long time and while he was still in Europe , Hester had an affair with a man who is known as Arthur Dimmesdale . Together they had a child who Hester named Pearl . The moment that society heard news of the crime Hester had committed , they out casted her , looked down upon her , and shamed her for what she had done . Hester , who is inside a strong and loving woman , must endure the shame and guilt that she has put on herself . In the beginning she is ashamed of what she has done and wishes , more than anything , that she could provide better for her baby . Although , she is doubtful that she 'll be able to endure herself , Hester proves she is willing to make the most out of things . By the end of the book , Hester comes to grips with herself and realizes throughout that she is a good mother and caregiver . Her husband Roger Chillingworth is a frightening man who attempts to take revenge on Dimmesdale . He torments Dimmesdale , who begins to develop a heart condition from his self torture and heavy emotions . Dimmesdale , too , has a burdened heart . Pearl is a mature little girl , who is caught in the middle of things . She is very intellectual and painfully is an outcast because of her mother 's actions . She tries to help her mother stay strong , although she is aware of the red letter `` A '' on her mother 's breast . The main characters create a triangle of dismay and emotional strain , which leads to a moving plot.The conflicts and plot of The Scarlet Letter are painful as a reader to hear about . Hester Prynne is sent to America before her husband Roger Chillingworth . While waiting for her husband to arrive , who ends up taking a long time , Hester has an affair with a man named Arthur Dimmesdale . Hester gets pregnant with a baby girl and when the town finds out , the leaders decide that as her punishment , she must display a red letter `` A '' on her chest indefinitely . Everyone in the town condemns her for her actions and they outcast her . While Hester takes all the ridicule for the sin she undeniably committed , her lover takes none , however he is slowly eating away inside because of his extreme guilt . Hester keeps the identity of her baby 's father a secret , but soon her husband Roger Chillingworth gets the feeling that Dimmesdale is the dad . Chillingworth begins to torture Dimmesdale emotionally . Towards the end , Dimmesdale develops a heart condition and is fated to die . The feelings within the story , rise and fall , because of the difficult conflicts that must be faced.The theme of The Scarlett Letter is intertwined with the climax of the story . Throughout the majority of the book , every thing is a secret . You know that Hester has a husband , but for some time , it is unclear who it is . You also know that Hester Prynne had an affair and a child with some unknown lover . Over the chapters , you begin to get apprehensions of who might be the father and who is her husband . When you find out that the cold Roger Chillingworth is her husband , it is quite surprising . Although , when you find out that Arthur Dimmesdale is the father , it is even more astonishing . These are very exciting moments in the book leading up to the big climax , when Dimmesdale publically announces that he is the father of baby Pearl , who is Hester 's baby as well . This climax corresponds with the theme of the book . I feel that the theme is about sin , and if you sin , then it is truly best to be honest about it . Dimmesdale took part in the crime that Hester also committed and while Hester had to publically admit to it , Dimmesdale did n't . He kept his secret sin to himself for a long time , when eventually it became too much for him to keep inside and he had to come clean about it . He felt better that he admitted to it , although it brought along some difficult problems . Inside , though , he felt as though it was needed . He could n't see Hester suffer from the crime he equally committed . The climax teaches us a lesson about life because of the way in which characters admit to their mistakes.I personally found this book very interesting . I thought that the characters all had unique and specific characteristics that made the story more complicated . I loved how the plot was told in such a way that was able to keep secrets from the reader , yet give clues about who plays what role . That was my favorite part . It kept me turning the pages because I wanted to know how things would unravel and come together in the end . The ones who would enjoy this book the most would be people in their late teens or early adulthood . You can make comparisons to the way life is today and how it was then and it teaches valuable lessons about sinning . When I started this book , I was unsure about how it would be , since it was a hard read . The Scarlet Letter was written quite awhile ago , so some of the terminology is hard to grasp . I 'm glad I read it though because it was a book that I could choose how deep I wanted to make it , which are the type books that hold my interest . Overall , I feel that this was a very good book , with an interesting topic , and I would suggest it to lots of people .
 i am a seventh grader and i think this book is amazing ... i absolutly loved the story and the descriptions of the book . this is an awesome book .
 I love this story ! This particular book is very small ... smaller than a paperback ... and the text is tiny , too . It has a beautiful red cover and a red ribbon page holder . Just beware of the size if you are looking for a full-sized hard cover to complement your library -LRB- like I was -RRB- .
 The narrator does an excellent job . He has a very pleasant voice and does great characters when they speak . Highly recommended for anyone wanting to listen to Hawthorne 's slice of Puritan America .
 Quick read because the book is really a short story and some of the character language can be annoying but necessary per the theme of the novel . Interesting read especially since the book was written in the late 1800s but set in our future . Not your typical `` end of the world '' novel with all the `` glitter '' and multiple story lines like Earth Abides -LRB- same genre -RRB- but for being written so long ago the author hit the nail on the head per the cascading long-term effects of a `` Scarlet '' event .
 My son wants to know why the cover of this book is bright green since that seems to have nothing to do with the story . I told him it was probably because is was a cheaper version and they used whatever color card stock they had sitting around the printing company . What do you think ?
 It is easy to see why this is considered an all time classic . What a beautifully written , extremely intense and moving story . This is not just a classic for scholars either -- my 6 year old niece was equally interested !
 This unabridged CD version of the classic tale of Puritain life was delightful listening . Great for commuting . I also bought the DVD version and enjoyed that as well . Covered missed literature from my past !
 The Scarlet Letter tells a story of a young woman named , Hester Prynne . Asthe reader enters the story , Hester has a three month old baby girl and nofather in site . She had come to Boston months before to make a place for hermuch older husband who was to arrive later but never had.The normal punishment for adultery was death . Hester was very young , however , so the church officials were `` merciful . '' Instead of sentencing her todeath , she was to wear a red letter ` A ' on the front of her dress and be put onpublic display for three hours . After those hours she was to wear the `` scarletletter '' for the rest of her life . At the end of which her tombstone would beengraved with nothing other than her name and the letter A.While on public display she was given a chance to repent and escapeher punishment . She was asked to reveal the father of the child . In protectionof the man she loved , she vehemently declined the offer.Needless to say , Hester and her child are shunned by the townspeople , who believe them both to be hell sent . As you read The Scarlet Letter , youtravel with Hester through the next seven years of her life . You experiencewith her the pain , isolation and ignominy she carries upon her dress , and inher heart.I enjoyed reading the Scarlet Letter and experiencing with Hester theevents and circumstances that shaped her life , the life of her daughter , Pearl , and the life of the man she would forever love .
 The classic book that is read by virtually every high school student in America ; and at a bargian price
 This book is quite a great read , love it , and you can read the book in one sitting , it is quite interesting .
 I did not remember how good this classic was until I read it again . I originally read it in high school many years ago , and it was better the second time around . .
 I had to read this book for the first time in high school and even then I fell in love with the story . Yes the onld english can bog you down a bit , but it is so worth it . it has a great story line . It 's what can be considered old school scandalous !
 I got this because it sounded good , and how can you pass up a Kindle freebie . Besides a good classic is hard to pass up .
 It was amazing I loved it this book shocked me and I have no words to say it felt like I was in the book IT was so romantic and that way I loved it :-RRB- ^ . ^
 I love the free books for the Kindle . They greatly expand our homeschool reading beyond what we can find at our library as well as allow us to keep a copy as long as we need .
 I love this story ; I hate those times when people were so judgemental about just anything -LRB- I guess we have n't changed a lot -RRB- , but this book was boring . Just could n't get into it . It would be fine if it were written in the 17th century , but this is a 19th century book , then why is it written in such an uncomprehendible style ? I know people talked like that back in the day , but it was not just the dialogue , it was the book that was almost unreadable for me.Still , as I said I like the sotry very much . Shows what kind of spoiled and hypocrite creatures humans really are .
 The Scarlet Letter is an all time classic . I had heard of this book for all of my life but never knew what it was about . I found it free on Amazon and ordered it . It has opened my eyes to more of the classics . Read them , they are classics for a reason !
 Good book . It was a book for my son 's English class . He enjoyed the book . The book was in great condition .
 This book typifies the old English , colonialists , trying to impose their disgusting lawsThis is a must read book , for those who consider these authors worthy . The English have always been accomplished writers
 a classic book where there is really nothing bad to say about . AS an adult though one can appreciate it more because we choose to read the book instead of it being an assignment that needs to be completed for school .
 Gets better with every reading ! Required reading in high school aeons ago - so it seemed terribly tedious . Am now entranced with every word .
 My daughter needed this book for a book report . I did n't want to spend a lot on it . So this was perfect . It was a little tattered but ok since I knew she would n't ever read it again . However I read it and really enjoyed it .
 Bought this for a friend . I bought it for her birthday . She was pretty happy with it so I am happy !
 Good read ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...
 This went back to an old standard . It was a good read and easy to view on the reader . I enjoyed it as it was what I expected .
 I really needed this book for my English class , but I had to read it once before -LRB- I do n't like it -RRB-
 Compelling story of kindness and evil.An old tale which does not lose its modernity though written more than a 100 years ago of a time even older and yet there is nothing new under the sun .
 A bit confusing language but a good read , very insightful and a a great story . Very juicy and drama filled !
 I love this book . It 's a great classic , and I love Hawthorne 's style . Very well written , and a good representation of the time .
 I read this book my senior year of high school but this time was different . This book gets better with time , it 's a must read classic .
 It is an excellent addition to my Kindle books . I have created a Classic books collection and am in the process of filling it up .
 I will admit that shipping did not go as planned but that was not on the sellers part . My mailman forgot to put it in my mailbox the day i was to get it . The book was in excellent condition and i will consult them for further book-buying . The book was new like it said it was . Way to go people . = -RRB-
 I feel that the Scarlet Letter is one of the most instense novels I have ever read . The symbolism and the characters draw you further and further into the novel . There are many different themes and aspects of the characters that you can anylize . Further more I do n't feel like writing anything else so that 's it .
 I think this novel by Hawthorne was an incredible work of art and should continually read by not only high school students-but people of all ages . The topics , and ideas discussed take a deep look at the dark side of the human soul . An excellent novel !
 In general , I enjoy how Nathaniel Hawthorne singles Hester out and makes this book about psychological isolation , rather than a physical isolation . He sheds light on society , unafraid to advocate the cause of free thought and humanism , whether it be mankind 's feats or flaws.The Scarlet Letter by Nathaniel Hawthorne explores the human flaws of an intricate Puritan society , in which Hester Prynne is victimized ; however , through a different point of view , she is actually fortunate to gain great insight and wisdom , as she triumphs over societal expectations . The Puritan community requires its citizens to act proper with decorum . When Hester violates that very belief , she becomes shunned from society . Devastated in the beginning , but she is quick to realize that it is not she that is odd , when in fact , it is the whole community that is at fault for treating her with malice . Instead of perishing in despair , like the town expects , she actually grows stronger everyday mentally . Contrary to what the town believes , Hester boldly opposes the norm , which in this case is a subtle flaw . As a result , Hester gains insight and wisdom , a gift that the town will never be able to attain . Thus , Nathaniel Hawthorne takes a stab at human flaws in the Puritan society , by revealing its foolishness through the eyes of Hester Prynne.In my opinion , Hawthorne is adept at pointing out society 's flaws , and he writes what he truly believes so his audience would see the obscured flaws of society . Nathaniel Hawthorne 's Scarlet Letter investigates the human flaws of a Puritan Society through the eyes of Hester , who ultimately triumphs over societal expectations ; Hawthorne argues that in order for one to truly perceive flaws of an entity , one has to be boldly detached and thus objective of that entity . Hester is the epitome of a bold individual , who cares less about societal expectations , when she learns that it is not she that is peculiar , but it is the town that is unusual . It is not until then that she truly takes an objective stance and explores and studies the Puritan community . Able to overcome the initial despairs of desolation , Hester ultimately prevails through her eventual apathy towards the town 's views . She does exactly what society does not expect her to do . Instead of diminishing , she stands even stronger than before , an attitude that annoys the rest . It is then that an individual truly defies the norm and understands societal flaws.I find that Hawthorne 's theme in this book is much like that of The Catcher in the Rye . The idea of completely transforming a weakness into a strength is illustrated in both The Scarlet Letter by Nathaniel Hawthorne and Catcher in the Rye by J.D. Salinger demonstrated by Hester Prynne and Holden Caulfield , respectively . Both protagonists are shunned from society because of their inability to demonstrate `` normal '' behaviors ; however , it is that very individuality that rewards them wisdom and insight of the societal flaws .
 It 's important to realize that Hawthorne grew up in the same atmosphere as his protagonist Hester does in The Scarlet Letter . In this powerful novel , Hester is forced to wear an emblem of shame after having an affair with an unknown . Out of suffering the town 's hatred and ridicule , Hester isolates herself and her new child away from the intolerant town . Yes , Hawthorne condemns the ignorant nature of the town as Hester is a walking symbol of strength . Hawthorne depicts the towns members of doing evil things against her such as conspiring to take away her child in response to her refusing to reveal her lover 's name . But then , the novel takes an interesting turn as Hester questions the eternal state of her soul . Is she a true sinner for having this child out of honest love ? Would a higher being punish Hester for such a thing ? The characters in the plot will all beg for your sympathy , and you will want to give each character as much as you can . Hester 's husband may be sadistic and completely unsympathetic , but he has nevertheless been a victim of her affair . Hester 's lover is constantly in a pitiful state . In addition to garnering sympathy , it 's interesting how Hawthorne manipulates the roles of each character in the plot so that they serve as symbols of Hawthorne 's greater purpose . This is the case particularly with Hester 's child , Pearl . As you read this , pay close attention to her role as the catalyst for all of what happens in the plot and the transformations she causes all the characters to experience towards the end . This was an extremely moving tale , though not completely perfect . It lagged on after the beginning to a point where the reader was n't that active in the plot anymore . For me , I felt that the focus was shifted away from certain aspects I thought were more important . Overall , I 've read Hawthorne 's other short stories and this was n't his best but he had a fascinating obession with religion and its impact on American society .
 wow , this book was a hard one to start , but in the end it was rewarding.Many of the scenes drag on forever and it seems like there are descriptions of every little speck of dust flying in the air but trust me . You 'll get throught it . The worst part is the beginning when all the scenes seem to be one long monotonous picture that wo n't change . Nothing seems to happen.But , actually something does . The understanding of this book starts at the beginning and for the reasons above , that can be easily missed . As Hesther walks down with everyone watching her carry her baby , her ties to her husband as well as the father of the child are revealed . There is symbolism with every element of nature that is examined and this all completes the story . Without this you will suffer much confusion or you might just feel like you are left out of something in the story.both authors reveal the effect original sin has on one 's soul and the different ways of dealing with that sin.My advice to you ... read the book to understand it and to cherish , not just to get it done . This book does n't deserve that . It teaches many morals , such as the struggle within one 's self over sin as Hawthorne reveals the effect original sin has on one 's soul and the different ways of dealing with that sin .
 Hester Prynne is a young woman who has committed adultery . As punishment for what her Puritan religion considers being a crime , Hester is branded with the letter ` A ' . Hester must wear the letter , which has been beautifully embroidered in scarlet onto her gown , to remind her of the burdens she carries because of her sin ; a second husband , Mr. Dimmesdale , a daughter , Pearl , and a town full of enemies who consider her irrational . The commotion that Hester 's affair caused was not pleasant . Many shunned and abandoned poor Hester . She was left to fend for herself and newborn daughter with no help from her husband or anyone else . Even Mr. Dimmesdale , the local Puritan church leader who was involved in Hester 's affair , turns against her by charging her of the crime ! Dimmesdale tries his hardest to cover up his mistake but Hester endures more sorrow and feels even more damaged than him . Although Hester Prynne 's decision to betray her husband and her religion may not have been a good one , Hawthorne proves that she is not the only one who deserves to be punished . He criticizes the Puritan ways and shows that sometimes punishment is n't necessary ; when the person being punished has learned a lesson.Pearl is in a way punished as well , for something she does not know about . Although the young girl grows up happy and almost carefree , she really is n't . Her mother learns to love her even though she was born by a sin and eventually she meets her father who loves her as well.Even after Hester has showed her town she can raise a child `` the Puritan way '' without any trouble , it takes them awhile to realize that Hester really should n't have had to suffer so much pain and sorrow for something that was not any different from things they had done . Hawthorne 's novel is stunningly well written and teaches a valuable lesson to the reader ; be true to everyone , even yourself . `` The Scarlet Letter '' is a timely classic that should be remembered always and forever . The last sentence of Nathaniel Hawthorne 's amazing novel sums up the entire book perfectly
 I was very pleased . I received exactly what I wanted in a timely manner .
 The scarlet letter is a very nice book . I have to admit that it is written in old fashioned English , what made it a little bit difficult to read . The author kept the story catchy by telling al the details about the characters . So finally I liked the book very well and recommend this book to everyone who likes to read and learn something from a book . It shows the reader what kind of trouble lying brings .
 I read this book when I was 16 and I totally fell in love with it . I love the power it hands over to women . Hawthorne does a great job in illustrating the kind of prejudice society extends to women for actions that can be equally distributed to men but even more so he shows the determination of a woman to overcome whatever adversities may be present with renewed pride and dignity .
 Wow ! This book blows me out of the water ! We 're reading it in Pre-Ap English and I 'm absolutely LOVING all the picking apart that we 're doing . What a great piece of lit ! Everyone should read this book ! I 'm getting ready to begin writing my essay , on
 Pretensions of public morality is what Hawthorne aims at -- his story shows the hypocrisy of Puritan leaders imposing a legalistic , rigid morality on the community , and lifelong shame on one woman 's indiscretion , to the extent that their judgmental rigidness can almost be deemed a sin in its own right . You can see the ending coming a mile away , and it 's a bit too melodramatic for my taste . Even so , the real story is not just the actions of the characters but rather how guilt works itself out -- Hawthorne 's storytelling keeps you absorbed right to the end such that you do n't want to put the book down . Very interesting food for thought on the relationship of public and private morality . Shows that refusal to forgive can be more of an evil than `` sin '' as society defines it .
 The Scarlet Letter / 1-59027-004-5The classics are n't usually considered light reading , and Scarlet Letter is no exception , but if you have n't been exposed to the story before , you might consider picking up a copy.This classic story of love , adultery , sin , and redemption is artfully written , as Hawthorne scathingly mocks the morals of his time . What good is it to deny a woman love when her husband is lost at sea ? What good is it to deny a child a father because of the `` sin '' of her parents?Hawthorne skillfully explores the psyche of people living under the burden of an oppressive system
 ` The Scarlet Letter ' is a beautifully written and perfectly balanced classic of American literature , addressing in a lean 251 pages countless issues of the human experience
 Admittedly this book is difficult to read , but that is part of the wonderful challenge . The story twists and turns with plots , subplots and all of the heresy of the time.I have seen the movie , however some plots are not included . The book is fascinating from a historical standpoint as well , it does n't take long for the Puritan society to change after reaching the Americas . Take you time , enjoy the difference in writing style and really get to know the characters in this book .
 I agree with just about everything that has been said about this book . It is a classic and I love it . I 'm going into 10th grade and I read it to get ahead in school . I found that once I started I could not set this book down .
 Hawthorne 's Scarlet Letter is a tale of secret love , adultery , and sadness . Every person should read this timeless American novel at some point in their life . The strength of Hester Prynne is unusual for novels composed during the time this was published , and is therefore a revolutionary literary work . My only complaint is the length of `` The Custom House , '' however horrible this sounds , I would just skip it , it does not add to the plot of the novel anyway .
 I read Nathaniel Hawthorne 's Scarlet Letter for my Advanced English 11 class . This is not a book I would normally have picked up and read , but I am glad that I read it.The Scarlet Letter deals with themes of love , society 's oppression , secrets , a character finding herself , as well as numerous other classic literature themes . I found the book itself to be challenging to read , but I liked the story . Hawthorne explores when feelings and passion conflict with religion , which was fascinating to consider from a religious perspective.Although I did not enjoy the book much at the time I had to read it , it proved to be quite useful when I took the AP Literature and Composition Test this year . When I had to choose one book to frantically review the day before the test , this is the book I chose . Sure enough , this is the book I used for the AP test as a reference.This is an essential book for anyone taking AP Literature .
 I enjoyed this book a lot , once I got past the slow parts . Hester Prynne is found pregnant out of wedlock . Since she wo n't reveal the identity of the father , she is forced to wear the Scarlet Letter `` A '' on her chest for the rest of her life . She gives birth to a girl and she changes her life around , so at the end of the book , people refer to her as `` Angel '' instead of `` Adulterer . `` This is a timeless tale because the situation could easily happen in any time period . When we do something wrong , the way we live our lives afterwards is the determining factor of our moral character . One event does not define us . It 's our entire lives that should be taken into account . I think that is Nathaniel Hawthorne 's point . Redemption is possible for anyone , regardless of their sin . Also , the father who remained unknown to the society but not the reader , suffers enormously because he does n't confess . This is a good point . When we hide our sins , the only person it ultimately hurts , is us .
 After the short introduction about the Scarlet Letter , the story unfolds with Hester Prynne , the protagonist , beginning the second part of her life , branded with a Scarlet Letter A for adultery . Standing on a scaffold garnering public humiliation , Hester is questioned about her partner-in-sin - Arthur Dimmesdale . However , Hester refuses to answer , preferring to bear her sin and punishment alone . Dialogue between the townspeople before the questioning depicts a harsh community , unforgiving with sin and falling out of line . However , Hester painfully endures all this and readily accepts her sin , portraying her strong character already . At the beginning of her punishment , Hester is shunned from the rest of the community . Eventually though , she contributes to her society more by volunteering . She integrates her scarlet letter , a constant daily reminder of her wrongdoing , into her life , and moves on . Interestingly enough , the protagonist - depicted as a strong independent character - is a woman . Hester 's child , the only pure and innocent character Pearl , is also female . Ironically , Pearl was created through adultery , a severe sin , and therefore would not be considered pure in anyway . However , her name suggests the most beautiful form of purity and cherishment . Contrasting , the morally weak , unable to move on from the past are males . Nathanial Hawthorne ingeniously establishes this female versus male motif , praising the woman 's strength of suffering while denouncing the men 's weakness.Through Dimmesdale 's character , Hawthorne explores guilt 's destructivity of human beings . Beginning as a strong revered preacher , Dimmesdale 's guilt of sin eats him away inside , leaving him only an empty shell . Hawthorne carefully depicts this deterioration , masterfully capturing each emotion felt by Dimmesdale . Hawthorne creates yet another round character with the physician - the leech - Roger Chillingworth . Driven by an injured pride , Chillingworth sets his life goal to ruin his adversary . His internal overwhelming anger hidden by a calm composed countenance only furthers his horrifying intrinsic nature . Still , Chillingworth 's character is weak , unable to forget the past and accept the present circumstances . He wastes his life away , attaining happiness from another 's misery - a creepy yet temporary way of life . Able to extend his characters to the deepest of human emotion , Hawthorne develops his characters , though unrealistically , to form an impressionable memory in the reader.Symbols scattered throughout the story render The Scarlet Letter a clever , well-thought-out book . The most obvious symbol would be the physical scarlet letter , a shameful A representing adultery . However , it is described as wonderfully embellished , glittering with a gold outline - a symbol of beauty and confidence . The reader wonders what Hawthorne 's opinion about sin really is - an unforgivable crime or an ignition sparking personal growth . Also , Hawthorne 's naming perfectly matches each character 's personality . For example , Dimmesdale , is the most gray , melancholy and miserable character -LRB- although we do not pity him for his character is weak -RRB- , garnering the name DIMmesdale . Chillingworth is , from `` chill '' , a cold character , distancing himself from everyone and whose only purpose is to ruin another.In all his stories , Hawthorne 's writing style can be best described as ambiguous and delightfully detailed . The ambiguity establishes a sense of curiosity in the reader - leaving the reader wanting to know more about Hester 's story . At the end , Hawthorne speaks about the Scarlet Letter - has it become a symbol of hope or failure ? Also , his long detailed sentences places images after images in the reader 's head , transporting the reader back to Hester 's time . Thus , the reader is more involved in the book , no longer in his present but the past.The Scarlet Letter uses a variety of hidden clever symbols , and implements an ambiguous but detailed style into his story . Setting his story in a strict Puritan community , Hawthorne presents a strong feminist view of a male-dominated society . My favorite though ? The character development .
 In high school , which was quite some time ago , I `` had '' to read this story and if I needed a quick nap all I needed to do was pull out Scarlet Letter . Many years later I read it again . I knew there was a reason that Hawthorne had this grip on me . His writing is so dark , yet wonderfully illuminating . No one utilizes symbols better than Hawthorne . The idea that Hester lives on the edge between the city and the woods is a great example of how that represents her situation . It 's absolutley brilliant . Also , there has to be a connection to Hawthorne 's anguish through the character of Pastor Dimmesdale . The idea of living with so much guilt in a community that was intolerant of ` mortal ' sins reveals the soul of Hawthorne and the quiet cry of a man tortured with his past.I would highly recommend other stories of his , novels or short stories , in order to better understand his anguish and desire for perfection . Once I read other stories it made this novel so much easier to understand . This is on level with Romeo and Juliet without the feud.Scott A. Reighard , author : Jamestown
 This novel is a very intriguing story about an attractive young woman living in a Puritan society , where she is put in compromising situations and must maneuver herself out of them . Hester Prynne -LRB- the captivating young puritan woman -RRB- has allowed herself to be put in one too many situations though , when she gets pregnant by a man other than her husband . This terrible sin caused the Puritan society to punish her for her sins against god and her husband . In doing so the community sentenced Hester to live the rest of her life wearing the letter `` A '' on the bosom of her dress . This entire scenario is described extremely well by Hawthorne , by using elaborate sentences with great descriptions , both of the people 's opinions and of the scenery , to provide a very full and vivid picture in the mind of the reader . This story has great twists and surprises in it which draws the reader into the story , to where the reader feels as if they are actually in the society and watching how every one acts towards Hester and her daughter . Hawthorne uses advanced vocabulary to describe the settings , people , and the people 's opinions . The descriptive sentences and complex vocabulary of this novel make it very attractive to any reader wishing to expand their vocabulary and even part of their history , by learning a little about how the Puritan society 's belief system worked and how the society viewed people and their actions . Now granted all the information in this novel is not all factual however the reader gets a real feel of strict and moral the Puritans were during that time . This novel by far with its advanced vocabulary and wonderfully descriptive sentences is one of the best novels I have ever read .
 The whole time reading The Scarlet Letter I thought that it was just extremely interesting . The characters were well-developed and at times , endearing . The way that Hawthorne is able to describe the torture that Reverend Dimmesdale undergoes is very believable . Although I am only thirteen years old and have never committed adultery , I find it easy to relate to Hester Prynne . And Pearl , my most favorite of all the characters , just adds a very interesting touch to the story . Despite the good characters , I did not like the fact that during most of the book , parts of the main plot are dismissed for chapters at a time to describe something not always commpletely relevent to the story . But , overall , I thought this book was very interesting , and would definately take the time to read it .
 The scarlet letter was one of the best books i 've ever read , and the only reason i 'm putting in my 2 cents is because i 've noticed the negative reaviews and i just want to clarify something - this is NOT a boring book at all - if you are in any way intellegent . This is n't dick and jane people . do n't expect it to be a walk in the park . yes , the language does talk a little while to get used to , but once you do it draws you into the story . this book is anything but boring , but if you did find yourself falling asleep it probably was n't the book that was bad , just your reading level . I highly highly highly reccomend this book . the characters are fully and beautifully developed and the symbolism , foreshadow , and imagery are all delicous .
 It is no secret that Nathaniel Hawthorne is a household name of our time , mentioned in almost every book group , every school , and has touched every American 's bookshelf at least briefly . When writing a review on such a classic masterpiece , it is hard to evaluate the faults in The Scarlet Letter . I started thinking about what in the novel I could detract points for , I thought of nothing . Ornate detail , reflective thoughts , chapters that literally push Mach 6 and an example of irony that defeats all other novel 's attempt to insert the literary tool into their work -LRB- s -RRB- . Some complain about the Shakespereon language used , but one must consider that this was the toungue in the time the novel was set . To base critisism soley on that would be similar to rejecting The Beatles for not sounding like Eminem . Hawthorne did not write this novel overnight , many revisions were made and the work itself reflects that . Many subtle details are hidden between the lines of almost every sentence , and the reader never knows first hand which sentence can possibly foretell another event in a later chapter . One is constantly guessing at outcomes of the novel until the bittersweet end and it is this , above all else , that gives The Scarlet Letter it 's place on the throne . Definatly pick up the novel , but buy it , there are so many notes one must make in various chapters in order to fully comprehend the magnitude of the piece . It is , without a doubt , five star reading and will continue to carry that rank in my mind and in the mind of many other reviewers as well . ENJOY !
 One of the greatest novels in all of literature , The Scarlet Letter by Nathaniel Hawthorne tells of a life vastly different from those that we live today . Rejecting the present permissive lifestyle to which we are accustomed , the reader is entrenched in the gloom and doom of Puritan society . It is an exposure to a law that tells us what to wear , how to think , and whom to love . The Scarlet Letter is a story of law versus human nature , hypocrisy , and of undeniable passions.Enlightening and refreshing , the reader is taken on an adventure and fully understands the risks of living passionately , beyond the limits that society sets . A novel that can be enjoyed by all ages , The Scarlet Letter is a masterpiece of its time .
 The Scarlet Letter is an excellent book . Hawthorne spends so much time discussing the characters ' thoughts and motives that by the end of the book , you can understand why the people act the way they do . It makes them seem almost real . He relates nature to what the character 's are experiencing that makes the story even more powerful . In one place he told of a rose bush that grew by the prison so it seemed Nature was saying that even though other people had abandoned them , someone could always count on the nature 's love . It 's very beautifully written . The story of adultery and jealous spouses happens in our own day which makes The Scarlet Letter relate to the reader . It 's just a great book all over , and I feel that it 's one of the best ever written .
 This book is one of the greatest classics of American literature , and my personal favortie . It is the story of Hester Prynne , a strong woman who struggles between her society 's austere piety and the callings of her heart . She must hide her beautiful fire beneath gray simplicity , yet she has a badge with which she can proclaim her true spirit to the world . Through her scarlet letter and her illegetimate child Pearl -LRB- who herslef is a nonconformist in the true Emersonian spirit -RRB- , Hester is a mirror of truth in her smothered and pious surroundings . Hawthorne proves his skill through exquisite descripions and proves his wisdom as he explores the impossibilities of feminine nature . This is a book that everyone should read , not only as a classic , but also as an extraordinary piece of literature that rings true even today .
 A short novel portraying the life struggles of a young woman named Hester Prynne who is shunned by the rest of her society by commiting the crime of adultery . The product of this crime was her daughter , Pearl . Pearl is stuck in the middle and sometimes even seen as evil by the town 's people because she was the product of this crime . Hester , however shunned , still stands tall and proud . She 's a strong woman that does n't really care what people think of her . The only other person that sticks by her side is her lover , Arthur Dimmsdale . I liked this book , but I did not enjoy the way that Hawthorne refers to `` the reader '' . It pulled away from the story . I do , however , still recommend that one reads this book .
 By reading the title of my reviw , most would probably not believe that I am an 11th grade student who was initially ` forced ' to read `` The Scarlet Letter '' for an assignment . I knew of the book before I read it , and had been interested in it and its plot for some time before , as , for some reason , I 'm utterly infatuated by the American Puritan period . I read `` The Scarlet Letter '' on the day I recieved it , and found it amazing , one of the best books I 've read ; very true to its title of `` classic '' . They do n't write books like this anymore ; pity . The `` copious style '' of Hawthorne is not for everyone , but it certainly was for me ; as , being an ` aspiring writer ' myself , who loves to explore language , I found the style inspiring with incredibly beautiful discriptives . Some also find the book to be slowly paced , but , then again , what is the pace your teacher is making the class read it at ? If they told you to sit down and read it as a normal book , it would pace itself much quicker . The plot is timeless , and a change for those involved with today 's plot-driven and bland tales , the language is masterful , the characters thought-out and filled with emotion . I truly enjoyed this book . And , to whoever said the book was n't ` romantic in any way ' , they 're gravely mistaken , as `` The Scarlet Letter '' itself was indeed a book of the ` Romantic ' period of American lit ...
 this bilingual , annotated edition is the best edition available in English of this classic work . THIS HARDCOVER EDITION IS NOW OUT OF PRINT , GET THE PAPERBACK -LRB- ISBN-13
 If you want to understand the life-style of the gauchos in Argentina by the begining of the century then this book is for you . Unfortunatly unless you read it in spanish you might lose 80 % of it 's value , since it is written in the gaucho 's jargon .
 I bought this edition of the unforgettable classic by Jos&eacute; Hernandez -LRB- meaning , the one by iUniverse , ISBN 1-58348-811-1 -RRB- misled by the review below that recommends it as including both , the Spanish original and the English translation , and as being extensively annotated . That review must refer to a different edition , for this one only includes the Spanish text -LRB- both parts , Mart&iacute;n Fierro and La Vuelta de Mart&iacute;n Fierro -RRB- and is NOT annotated .
 Despues de 25 a & ntilde ; os decidi comprar y volver a leer este libro . Es un clasico de la literatura argentina que no pasa de moda ...
 I 'd never part with my 1968 Nauta Edition hardcover , illustrated -LRB- 2nd ed. , Nov. 1968 -RRB- of Martin Fierro -- 1872 , with return of Martin Fierro -- 1879 , also eldest son and second son verse . Vocabulary in the back , most helpfull . A Gauchos ' life of impressment , abandonment , self-abandonment , extreme privation and self-realization . The verse in Gaucho Spanish -LRB- w/plenty of Gaucho spelling -RRB- flows when the reader 's mind atunes to the dialect . From the Spanish literature , a treasure .
 A great book for those who wants to learn about Argentinian way of life and traditions . If you can read it in Spanish Language you 'll apreciate it more . Regards . -
 Es un libro de puntos muy astutos en relacion al vida interior del pais Argentina . Los Paisanos del Interior como Chaco y Resistencia Puedan apreciar estos escritos de nuestro historia . Un libro muy Importante al juventud hoy dia .
 It is a spanish editio
 This book is essentially 9 essays comparing the wisdom , writings and beliefs of `` Two Old Virginians '' Alexander Campbell and Thomas Jefferson . Leroy Garrett has a deep grasp of the history of Virginia , our nation and , for my interest , the developing nature of our nation 's understanding of religion and liberty . This Comparative Study brilliantly brings quotes of these founding fathers side by side , covering topics from Natural Law to Religious Philosophy ; from their views on Slavery to Education . A short read , but well worth it if you are interested in American history .
 Her students enter thirty-one years old music teacher Shelly Greene on Desperate and Dateless , a TV computerized matchmaking show hosting a contest that hypes the date of a lifetime . Shelly is not a fan of the opposite sex , believing facetiously that God performed a cosmic joke when she created males . She thinks even less of marriage . Thus , she wonders if the loot is worth standing at the altar on Valentine 's Day marrying her DEAD SEXY cyber mate Kit Kincade just because if they make a go of it , the duo receives a ton of cash.Chaperoned by a horde of Desperate and Dateless employees , Kit and Shelly go on their honeymoon to Reunion , a former French colony tropical island paradise . As the balmy island turns nasty with everything going wrong , Shelly and Kit begin to share real feelings for one another except that nothing about him is real.Though much of the wit is HIT AND MS , chick lit fans will receive plenty of laughs especially with Shelly 's one liners that make her seem at times more like a Vegas stand up comic -LRB- sorry that 's Shecky Green -RRB- . The story line is a lighthearted frolic that focuses on degrees of fabrication between the lead couple as a cornerstone of the relationship . Kathy Lette provides a fun romp that proves opposites attract -LRB- even when the participants are both intelligent -RRB- . Harriet Klausner
 The title of Harry Barnard 's biography of John Peter Altgeld was inspired by Vachel Lindsay 's poem `` The Eagle That is Forgotten , '' which commemorated the life of Altgeld -- the former governor of Illinois . In this spirit , Barnard presented a highly sympathetic account of the governor 's life and contribution to American politics , and at times exaggerating his accomplishments.Sometimes mistakenly branded as `` one of those German revolutionists of 1848 , '' Altgeld was born in southern Germany December 30 , 1847 . His family arrived in a farming community of Richmond County , Ohio when he was three months . After serving as a substitute in the Civil War at the age of sixteen , Altgeld was filled with new aspirations and ambitions that prompted him to travel west where he soon would enjoy a rapid rise in American politics.Algeld was the governor of Illinois during a very important period in its history . He is best known for pardoning the three surviving Haymarket defendants and quashing some of the labor unrest of the 1890s . Barnard described Altgeld as a `` law and order '' governor during the Pullman strike . Altgeld encouraged labor to strengthen itself through organization , however , he would not tolerate any threat of violence on the part of labor agitators . Altgeld also palyed a pivitol role in the 1896 Democratic convention . Barnard maintained that every plank in the 1896 Dmocratic platform was revolutionary and entirely the achievement of the Illinois governor.Barnard presented a clearly-written account of John Peter Altgeld 's political career . He effectively placed Altgeld within the context of the general issues facing the nation . These issues included the Granger movement , economic depressions , the labor question , and the debate over currency.In considering Altgeld 's role within the general history of the United States in the 1890s , one can find many problems with Barnard 's analysis . Barnard credited Altgeld for the demise of President Cleveland , however , the 1893 depression and Cleveland 's role in the repeal of the Sherman Silver Purchase Act were , most likely , more instrumental in the decline of Cleveland 's influence in the party then were his ongoing tiffs with Altgeld . Cleveland 's defense of the gold standard alienated him from the southern core of the Democratic party . Moreover , Barnard admitted that Altgeld cared little for the currency question until 1894 . Altgeld may have dominated the 1896 platform ; however , he was unable to prevent the nomination of William Jennings Bryan -LRB- Altgeld supported Richard Park of Missouri -RRB- . In addition , the role of the Illinois governor may have been elevated because the convention was held in Chicago.Barnard presented convincing arguments to refute a number of traditionally held views regarding Altgeld . Chief among these views was the belief that the Haymarket pardons ruined Altgeld 's political career . Barnard clearly demonstrated that Altgeld remained very strong in the Democratic party during the 1896 convention . He cites poor health , a desire to leave politics , and the hard work spent on Bryan 's presidential campaign at the expense of the gubernatorial race for Altgeld 's failure to gain re-election . The fact that Altgeld died only eight years after the pardons may make it difficult to access the actual effect the pardons had on his career.The biography is , for the most part , well-written with an excellent use of primary sources ; however , it is often overburdened by long quotations which interupt the flow of the reading . An exchange of these long quotes for more information on Altgeld 's day-to-day gubernatorial record would make this work more complete . Still , it is an essential source of information on an important figure in American Progressivism .
 The life of John Altgeld was , as the cover of my copy of this book says , `` turbulent '' . Harry Barnard does wonderful job in this book of portraying Altgeld as a hero of the working class . In my work on my undergraduate thesis this book has been extremely helpful . I am attempting to define Altgeld in my thesis and this book provided much evidence for Altgeld being a progressive leader in an era that was filled with corruption . This book was written in 1938 which is both a blessing and a curse . It is awesome because it was written by a man who lived in the same time period as Altgeld , but it also makes it a little harder to read and fairly dry . The biggest qualm that I have with this book is that it only paints Altgeld as a hero and touches very little on some of the more sinister things that he did . Overall , the book is a very good read and provides a very detailed telling of the life of a controversial figure . It is written by a man of authority in the area of Illinois history and would be a very helpful addition to anyone studying Altgeld or even the Gilded age in general .
 I came across this book at a used book store and love it . It is one of the best pure women bodybuilding books for females available.And who is more qualified than the greatest bodybuilder of all time?I understand that Arnold used to run a gym in Germany back in the 60 's and he was one of the first to promote bodybuilding for women to develop a shapely figure.Some people think you will build big bulgy muscles like a man , as Arnold explains , that is not possible since women have different hormones than men and are not likely to train with the intensity of a male competitive bodybuilder ; 6-7 days a week , twice a day plus three to four days of running 3 miles per day and a spartan diet.For me , I found Arnold was right . I developed a more shapely figure . Better tone and looked more feminine.Arnold has another winner her . I think other women avoid it because they do n't understand it.I also recommend Arnold 's Encyclopedia of Bodybuilding to help break plateaus and get more exercise variations .
 My wife has several workout books but as she states , `` not one matches Arnold 's '' . This book not only covers subjects like what to eat , it also goes into great detail on what workouts work what muscles . Great book !
 If you keep your perspective in check , this is an excellent resource . Good , basic advice . I was struggling training my girlfriend -LRB- I am advanced , she a beginner -RRB- , and this book made it much easier to convince her that I was n't crazy with my training advice . It is a simple and clear book , pretty basic , but I am a big believer that 90 % of the results come from the basic stuff , and the last 10 % is for when you hit sticking points , or reach an advanced level . But the book is getting on in age these days ; still , do n't let that disuade you if you can pick up a copy .
 If you can get your hands on this book its great on so many different levels . First it is an older book some of the references are out of date , which makes it comical to read , but the techniques and general concepts are tried and true . It 's good for `` housewives '' that plan on exercising at home , many of the workouts include household objects that are in most homes . I would definitely get a second book , but this is a good start and an amusing but good read .
 had this book 30 yrs ago and lost it . glad to have it again . best book on the market to cover this subject for women
 I came across this book many years ago and followed the exercise program with great results . My body changed shape and I really toned up . Even though this book is an oldie , it 's a goodie !
 Almost nothing can unsettle an aging baby boomer so much as the question , `` Do n't you remember ? We discussed this last night . '' We did ? `` The Great Memory Book '' is a wonderfully expressed , beautifully put-together primer on how memory works -- and sometimes does n't , and why . Everything 's here
 This is one of the best introductions to understanding memory today . It is comprehensive in coverage , interesting , practical and informative . You get an easy digest of current brain studies on different kinds of memory , the relevance of diet and nutrients , the influence of lifestyle , stress and pollution . Two chapters are devoted to mnemonics and there are numerous tips and strategies for improving memory . The format of the book with numerous pictures and sketches is very helpful . Once you master the foundation and the interest is aroused , people can go on to delve more deeply into related areas , such as the more recent books by Rupert Sheldrake , or the applications of NLP -LRB- Neuro-linguistic Programming -RRB- , esp . the submodalities , in enhancing meaning-making , learning and memory ... I highly recommend this book and Jensen 's Brain-based Learning to anyone interested in tapping into the treasures of `` the decade of the brain '' .
 The author , Wallace Welch , wrote an excellent book . It is thorough and when read you will see what I mean . If you think you live a pretty good life , after reading this book you can learn how to achieve the best life . Take the time out to read it and you will definitely find ways to enhance your life . This book can help millions become ` Winners ' .
 An Eye-Opener , simply phenomenal ; I have read this book TWICE and I carry it around with me daily . It is an excellent conversation piece and a perfect guide to relationships regardless if you are dating , married , or single . The Author writes with so much power and conviction that it leaves you feeling empowered to believe something of the extraordinary is possible.The title of the book supports the contents perfectly . It is a `` Must Read '' and I recommend it to everyone .
 There were no assumptions made by the author in THIS book ! Everything is appropriately supported my the TRUE words of God ! The book 's easy-to-use format , thorough approach , and clear and experienced advice make it seem as if GOD himself & Wallace Welch are providing a one-on-one tutorial . This book is the perfect survival guide to solve your everyday problems . Once you see how easily each interval flows and how the order of the information appears in just the right sequence to answer your questions , you WILL NOT be able to put this wonderful read down . Eagerness and tenacity will surface and be the driving forces as you either learn how to enter into dating/marriage or enlighten yourself on how to perfect your individual situation . Use the chapters to re-energize and renew you as a person , not as someone 's other half . So be prepared for the thrill , excitement , and relief of becoming a WINNER in your Relationship !
 This book is a lighthouse to those lost in the dark about themselves as individuals and their relationship . The author speaks to you in every sentence , paragraph , page and chapter . This is a remarkable man . It would seem as if the wisdom portrayed in this book is unparallel to anything I 've ever seen or heard . The book is well-written and very understandable . My sincere thanks and deepest feelings of gratitude go out to this awesome man . May his heart 's desires be rewarded to him .
 This is a good book . It is very thorough and touches many topics . It 's a must read . It does n't matter if you are single , dating , or married . The author gives some great pointers
 Hello , to our viewers I 'm replying to the book I 've just read entitled `` How to become a winner in your Relationship '' . This book has many key points to starting a new relationship . I , m a single-christian mom of jamaican descent and my traditional beliefs are somewhat different of those described in this book . It 's spiritual countenance leaves you to believe that their is only one way to enjoy `` A Little Heaven on Earth '' in a relationship between man and woman that is to lay the proper foundation before and during it . I would like thank the gentleman who introduce the book to me , he has been very resourceful and somewhat a good promoter . I hope to see more books like this one so true and divine . - Ms. Kel .
 This book caught my attention and kept it every second I was reading it.I am very busy at work these days but if I had 5 minutes to spare you would see me reading this book !
 Being a nephew of the author , I still felt extremely privelaged to recieve an autographed copy . This book was outstandingly well written . Full of details it is difficult NOT to vividly imagine this novel inside your head . I recommend this novel to all readers of all ages . I am only 17 and this has been by far the most exciting , suspensful , and action-packed book I have read . It is appropriate for all ages also due to the lack of vulgarity and -LSB- adult situations -RSB- . This is truely and amazing novel .
 REALLY LIKED CHERRY BLOSSOMS AT NIGHT.THIS IS THE AUTHORS FIRST BOOK AND I WAS AMAZED AT THE EXTENSIVE KNOWLEDGE THAT HE DETAILED . TRULY BELIEVE HE HAS A GREAT FUTURE ! SUBJECT MATTER IS VERY TIMELY AND STORY UNFOLDS A SCENARIO THAT COULD EASILY HAPPEN . SCARY THOUGHT !!
 I have found that this is an excellent tool for vocabulary building . I am able to understand the meaning immediatly and hope to continue buying dual language books for this reason .
 This book is quite user friendly . I found it really helpful while learning Spanish to be able to read stories side by side with English .
 technically , this book is really just the random thoughts of this one guy . sure , there 's a `` plot '' involving the downed pilot , Palinurus , but really , it 's not the plot that you 'll be fixated on . This guy is smart . And when i say smart , i mean , he puts all our mutual thoughts together in the prettiest way . It 's not an optimistic book , but it 's good to know that there are people out there who feel the same way , for example , he says that Adam 's expulsion from the garden of Eden , is not as some would have it , the fall of man . In fact , it comes closer to the `` fall of God '' . The stuff in this book may seem like the ramblings of a bitter man , but it 's actually enlightening . There are so many good lines and quotes in here -LRB- some in french -RRB- that 's worth memorizing and reciting . I love this book to death , and it 's the one book i 'll be carrying around with me in my bag for the rest of my reading days .
 For anyone interested in the history of the ordination of women as rabbis , this book is excellent . It is written primarily from , and dealing with women in the British rabbinate , but is beneficial and applicable to all . It raises interesting discussions about women 's involvement in Jewish leadership , and even highlights the first woman rabbi in modern times - who was ordained in Germany in 1935 . It would not be until the 1970 's that women would be ordained in America . As an American Jew , I found this book very interesting and I gained insights into the Jewish community of Britain .
 Hawthorne 's gentle , charming collection of classic myths retold for the children of his day is a neglected classic . Addressing the reader in personable Victorian fashion , his prose is clear and beautiful . Consider this sample : `` Within the verge of the wood there were columbines , looking more pale than red , because they were so modest , and had thought proper to seclude themselves too anxiously from the sun . There were wild geraniums , too , and a thousand white blossoms of the strawberry . The trailing arbutus was not yet quite out of bloom ; but it hid its precious flowers under the last year 's withered forest-leaves , as carefully as a mother-bird hides its little young ones . `` But Hawthorne is also equal to the task of less genteel , more vigorous images : `` At this sound the three heads reared themselves erect , and belched out great flashes of flame . Before Bellerophon had time to consider what to do next , the monster flung itself out of the cavern and sprung straight toward him , with its immense claws extended , and its snaky tail twisting itself venomously behind . `` Adding to the pleasure of these retold tales is the gorgeous art of Arthur Rackham , both in black-and-white drawings and full-color plates , which captures the unearthly beauty and the unexpectedly surprising humor of Hawthorne 's work . Highly recommended !
 Once upon a time -LRB- I was about 8 -RRB- , a family friend handed down his Collier 's Junior Classic series to me - each volume is a glorious hodgepodge of short stories from here , there , and everywhere . I got to be very fond of Greek mythology , especially `` The Chimaera '' and `` The Miraculous Pitcher '' , since the Collier retellings of their respective legends were much more lively than the ordinary.Alas , I forgot the name of the author of `` The Chimaera '' , and even that my favourite versions of the myths were all written by the same person . Some talented guy writing for the series , no doubt , I would have said , if I 'd thought about it . A couple of years ago , I started browsing through an impressive-looking illustrated volume of mythology in a bookstore -LRB- which you now see before you -RRB- . Whoa . `` Scarlet Letter '' Nathaniel Hawthorne wrote * THESE * ? His retellings of Greek myths were originally spread over 2 volumes -LRB- the other being _ Tanglewood Tales _ -RRB- , but they can be obtained in a single volume these days . I can personally do without the gang of Tanglewood kids providing the official audience for the stories-within-a-story , or the defense against critics put into the mouth of the storyteller Eustace Bright , but then I want more space for more myths . :-RRB- Each myth in _ A Wonder Book _ has an Introductory and After the Story section where the storyteller leads up to the tale , then fends off any awkward questions from his young audience . `` The Gorgon 's Head '' - The story of Perseus , from his infancy through the quest for Medusa 's head . Hawthorne skates delicately past the question of who put Perseus and his mother , Danae , in a chest and abandoned them on the sea , let alone why -LRB- toned down for kids , and all that -RRB- , and of course does n't go into detail about what mischief Polydectes might intend if Perseus can be got out of the way.Hawthorne is otherwise thorough about details
 In the spring of 1851 Hawthorne wrote to his publisher , James Fields -LRB- of the renowned Ticknor and Fields -RRB- , proposing a children 's book retelling six well-known stories from Greek mythology . He planned to adopt `` a tone in some degree Gothic or romantic . '' In addition , he wanted to make the fables suitable for young Christian children
 One day last week , I could not , even after hours of deliberation -LRB- the snow had made engagements scarce -RRB- , decide what book to read next . I finally came upon this little volume on the end of my parent 's bookshelf and decided to give it try . How could I have known what charms were in store ? I felt like a little girl again , and as Eustace Bright , the ambitious college student who narrates these tales , held his little auditors in awe , my eyes , too , were wide with wonder . It truly is a `` wonder book , '' full of high fantasy , thrilling action , and the inimitable imagery of a master . Though geared towards `` boys and girls , '' Hawthorne explains in his introduction that `` children possess an unestimated sensibility to whatever is deep or high , in imagination or feeling , so long as it is simple ... It is only the artificial and complex that bewilder them . '' Indeed ; the book hardly condescends , and so will gently stretch the middle-grader 's vocabulary . But readers -- or listeners -- of all ages will delight in this collection of tales , for I was equally , if not more , entertained by the introductories and postludes to each story , which relate the antics and dialogue of Eustace and the little children he entertains . These interludes also expand the stories by slipping in commentary and interpretation.Don ' t pass this one by ; it will truly win your heart , whoever you may be !
 I ordered this book as part of a third grade curriculum for my son . These Everyman titles are really wonderful -- beautiful binding , heavy pages , amazing illustrations . I was not disappointed with this book . It is the kind of book we will read again and again and hopefully pass on to the next generation . Hawthorne 's rendition of the myths and fables is classic and engaging , and Rackham 's illustrations are worth the price on their own .
 If you 've read Hawthorne 's longer works , you might be surprised by the storytelling fun and energy he puts into this shorter book aimed at boys and girls of all ages , 8 to 80 , who love a good yarn . Imagine yourself on a whispery , wintery day , sledding on the hillsides with friends . Or imagine yourself gathered with the kids on the front porch on a golden , summery afternoon . Now add to these settings Hawthorne 's inventive narrator , Eustace Bright , who gathers the children round on that hillside or porch and gives them the classic myths with his own unique spins.If you think you know the stories of King Midas and his golden touch , of Hercules ' exploits , of Medusa , you have here the chance to rediscover them in child-friendly , yet fully adventurous form , through the skills of Mr. Nathaniel Hawthorne . He gives the old tales a lot of charm , makes them palatable for younger kids , and weaves in lessons of ethics and morality and courage . I have always appreciated Hawthorne 's more thought-provoking writings , but here I find another side to the man and the writer that is magical and light . To add to the wonder , I not only have the paperback version but also read this in an e-book format , enjoying the beautiful drawings of Arthur Rackham.I 've long been a fan of Hawthorne 's short stories . While he plays out some amazing themes and characters in `` A Scarlet Letter , '' `` House of the Seven Gables , '' and even `` The Blithedale Romance , '' he excels in his shorter tales , where the prose has less room to run off track and the themes are better addressed . He seems serious in most of his writing , with only hints of his humor and playfulness , but in `` A Wonder Book for Boys and Girls , '' we find a side of Hawthorne that 's hard not to adore .
 I 've been using Michael Buckley 's Vietnam Handbook for two months now and have found it to be excellent . It 's well organized with country introductions which told me almost everything I wanted to know . Michael 's sidebars are intriguing and I especially appreciate the city walking tours which have led me to many hidden little places I might have missed otherwise . The maps are better than those in the other guidebooks because sites are labeled right on the maps themselves rather than coded in a key which is impossible to read in dim lighting -LRB- a fault with the Lonely Planet series -RRB- . Michael has provided not only the usual city and country maps , but also detailed inner city maps and even maps of the individual temples around Angkor Wat . This book covers three countries and sure beats having to buy and lug around individual guides to Vietnam , Cambodia , and Laos . I 've found that the coverage better than adequate and certainly head and shoulders above the general Southeast Asia guides which are surprisingly sketchy about these countries . Indochina is changing so fast that much of the practical information in any guide is bound to be out of date before the book reaches the shelves and this 1998 edition does require updating , but so do all the other guides to the region . You usually end up getting that kind of information from other travelers anyway . Of the three countries included , the coverage of Cambodia is the weakest , obviously because that country is only now opening to independent travel . Next edition Michael needs to get to places like Kampong Cham , etc. . Meanwhile I recommend this handbook highly over all its competitors .
 As a seasonal guide in Vietnam and Cambodia for each of the past seven years , many people ask me how they should prepare for their trip to the region . I always recommend this guide . My work requires extensive research and I read a lot of guidebooks and this one is the only one with any decent accuracy and thoroughness.I also think Buckley is simply a good writer . Aside from Tom Brosnahan 's Turkey guidebook for Lonely Planet , I think it is perhaps the best written one out right now . And I find his particular humor makes light of what can be trying circumstances and boring details.By the way , the current edition has been updated with a lot of information from as recent as 1997 -LRB- about as recent as you can get in any guidebook of the area published in 1998 I am afraid -RRB- .
 I used this guide for travel throughout Cambodia and in Saigon in the summer of 1999 . I found it to be well-written and insightful , particularly about history , culture , and general observations about travel in the region . I found that I did n't rely on it so much for nitty-gritty details like accommodations or travel info -LRB- I used Let 's Go
 I just returned from a month-long trip to Vietnam and Cambodia , and I found this book extremely useful for Cambodia . Not so much for hotel listings , etc. , but for no-nonsense background information on Angkor , Phnomh Penh , and Siem Reap . The Vietnam portion was helpful as well , but I relied more on the Lonely Planet and Rough Guide Vietnam editions for that country . I would definitely recommend this book to someone traveling to Cambodia over the Lonely Planet edition , which is * really * outdated .
 This is the best guide available . Moon travel beats the major competitor -LRB- the main travel-trail eye-sore creator -RRB- in almost all respects , but not all.Moreso than other travel guides , the Moon travel guide for Vietnam , Laos , and Cambodia has tons and tons of recent political , social and economic history in addition to significant cultural notes that a visitor * must * be aware of . -LRB- i.e. , what does a South East Asian smile mean ? -RRB- The maps of the cities and provinces are excellent . the all-important overland border-crossings between ` Nam , Laos , and Cambo are cleary marked . This is one of the many reasons that Moon ca n't be beaten at the moment . This guide 's overland itineraries are the best . Example
 A highly valuable little book , not only for sufferers and their family members -LRB- and caretakers -RRB- , but also for general medical practicioners , nurses , med students , and students of physiology , biology , anatomy , chemistry and other fields of science related to humans and human diseases . This little book is probably the most thorough to be found on this subject matter.It should be studied more commonly , WORLDWIDE , than it has been up to now . -LRB- Non-English speaking countries , med students , medical establishments , and researchers , in particular , should have discovered this valuable , concise , material by now , yet it remains a fairly rare little book . It might also be sent as a gift to those programs , institutions , and libraries abroad . -RRB- CHAPTERS
 A heart rendering commentary on Ephesians by Ironside that will open the eyes of your soul ! EXCELLENT ! You do not need to be a Seminary graduate to fully enderstand this with all you heart .
 This book is pretty much what the title indicates . Just about everything you would want to know about Christmas and about Christmas in about 37 different countries . It covers everthing from the original tradition to foods , plant legends , decorations , old wives tales and much much more . The book is quite well reasearched and quite well written and organized . This one has been around since around 1937 which tells you a lot . For the Christmas lover , or the just plain curious , this is the one for you . Highly recommend this one .
 Author Alfred Hottes wrote in the Author 's Foreword to this 1937 book , `` the chapters reveal inspiring facts and fancies gathered over a period of years ... Use the index freely . It contains hundreds of entries one would scarcely believe to be associated with Christmas . The teacher will find the book helpful as a source of authoritative pageant suggestions . The homemaker will enjoy new ideas for home fun , decorations and foods ... Children will enjoy the Christmas tales as retold from these pages . '' -LRB- Pg . 7 -RRB- He observes , `` The roots of Christmas observance , however , go deeply into the folklore of the Druids , Scandinavians , Romans , and Egyptians . What we may read of Christmas in ancient days finds its full flower in the past and present customs of our ancestral homes in Europe . There is not an American home that does not color its Christmas with some European observances -- gift-giving , trees , greenery , food , games , or ritual . '' -LRB- Pg . 10 -RRB- He notes , `` It was a much changed St. Nicholas which the Dutch settlers brought to the United States ... The lean ascetic is now a fat , jolly old fellow , more humanist than saint . Laying aside his canonical robes , his miter , and his pastoral staff , he has chosen an ermine-trimmed red cap and suit . He had traded his old gray mare for reindeer and sleigh . '' -LRB- Pg . 37 -RRB- He points out , `` Red and green are the conventional colors of Christmas , no doubt because of the green Holly with its red berries , but there is no historical or legendary reason for these two colors . White is really the true Christmas color if we are to observe the dictates of the church . '' -LRB- Pg . 84 -RRB- Later , he adds , `` In ancient Britain -LSB- mistletoe -RSB- was the sacred plant of the Druids ... The church never sanctioned the use of Mistletoe in the decoration of a religious ediface because of its heathen origin . '' -LRB- Pg . 149-151 -RRB- Although 75 years old , much of the historical information presented in this book is `` timeless , '' and still of considerable interest to a modern reader .
 This is the most amazing book I have ever read . It writes precisely as the main charcater thinks . There is not one coma or full stop in the book , because our thought process runs continuously . In the beginning it takes some getting used to , but over the days reading it , something amazing happens . I realized that I think precisely as the book is written.To achieve this , the book is written in Swiss German , actually in 2 different dialects . If you do n't understand Swiss German , the book is sadly not for you . Furthermore , the content is not for the faint of heart , because it explores love and sexual domination to their final border.The book has a violent beauty and intensity which no other book can match .
 really enjoyed this strange mixture of a book from Jon Aristides . t reminded me a bit of Edgar Allen Poe in ts odd bluring of distinctions between different types of fantasy story . However , the major themes and stories are modern in concept . By the way , the central theme here is DEATH itself.particularly enjoyed the title story , THE MASK OF PRAM , which made me think of Dashiel Hammett , Sax Rohmer and Dennis Wheately all rolled up together nto one crazy roller-coaster ride of death , betrayal , magc and mayhem . Other stories to watch out for are THE LION 'S DEN and DEATH PLANE.really loved this one and predict a bright future for Mr. Jon Aristides .
 Ike and young Mem 's parents drop them off for a couple of days at their grandparents ' farm . There are ponies to ride and cornfields in which to play , but there are also `` lots and lots of chores '' to do . Ike and Mem enjoy the fun stuff , but the grandkids-especially Ike-aren ' t very happy about the difficult farm chores . It 's a fairly prosaic story but younger readers will identify with complaints and rewards around work , and may enjoy the subplot about the mysterious sounds emanating from the cornfield.The dialogue and description convey personality and setting , but the author overplays his hand . The grandparent characters border on stereotypes
 I was afraid to order this but the book was great . What others paid hundreds of dollars for I got for much less . Thanks !
 I avoided this class like the plague but I soon realized that once we got started my fears left me . The book was precise , insightful , certainly a book that can be used at a later date to refresh business math . I also give lots a credit to the Prof who taught the class and made it easy to understand the chapters on the book . I received an A -LRB- now I 'm boasting ! -RRB- . . : - -RRB-
 In our daily life we are so many times interacting with financial institutions . How they peolpe are counting our interest and fixing our monthly installments . How Payroll and Taxes . What is percentage and discounts . This all fundamental concepts of our daily life maths . This is the book which teach all this stuff . I re-memories all my school stuff and calculate all loans and undestand through this book . This book explain in very simple and sample way.Reading as students or as professional both good .
 Author Irwin Shaw does n't strike a single false note as he takes the reader through the memories and daydreams of an ordinary man . The story 's hero remembers with gentleness and humor the incidences of his boyhood and early life , including his war experiences and long marriage , that guided and shaped him into manhood . He struggles to understand how it can be that others -- some more deserving , others less -- managed to become ` members ' of that elusive club
 Since Amazon has n't posted an editorial review , here 's the description from the cover to help you decide if this book is for you
 What a shame to find out that this book is out of print ! I picked it up at a used bookstore near my home a year ago , and it rapidly became an indispensable resource . This book is a collection of actual handwritten Japanese letters sent to Prof. O'Neill and his careful , detailed translations of them . Anyone who has learned enough Japanese to write a letter in the language knows that the structure of a formal English letter is quite different from that of a Japanese one . This text , with a collection of formal and informal letters on a variety of subjects , is unparalleled as a guide to letter-writing in Japanese , and is also valuable as an intermediate - to advanced-level supplementary textbook . I would also recommend _ A Reader of Handwritten Japanese _ to students of any level interested in improving their handwritten Japanese , as Prof. O'Neill has recieved some letters written in beautiful hand . If you find a copy of this book , by all means buy it !
 O'Neill ` sA Reader of Handwritten Japaneseis a beautiful book that would benefit intermediate and advanced learners of Japanese.CONTENT -------------------- A brief , well-written introduction to Japanese letters and the book.-25 introductory texts . These are all correspondence . He includes transcriptions , notes , and translations with them.-35 intermediate texts . More correspondence with transcriptions and notes , but NO translations.-20 higher level texts . More correspondence with transcriptions and notes , but NO translations.-20 advanced texts . More correspondence with transcriptions and notes , but NO translations . The last text is the only -LRB- ? -RRB- one in the book that is not correspondence . It shows two extracts from classical literature written in cursive.PROS ------------------- + There is nothing else like this available . One-hundred different models of writing gathered together in one place with transcriptions . Working through the book definitely improves your ability to recognize characters and patterns . I am struggling with sixteenth-century texts at the moment , and I have revisited this text to help deepen my familiarity with handwriting . + The translations are very excellent , there is a thorough glossary at the back , and he provides occasional notes as well . This is all invaluable to language learners who want to be able to correspond with others in Japanese.CONS -------------------- The book is outdated . Let 's face it . Most of our correspondence these days is done by email , so there is less and less of a need to read and write like this . Instead of just correspondence , maybe a new edition could be published with a wider range of handwritten Japanese that we are likely to encounter . - How are we supposed to use the book ? I would like more discussion of the patterns found in each letter , alternatives , and so forth . - I would like translations for all of the texts . This is tough stuff , even for advanced learners . We already have a difficult task trying to decipher what is on the page.SUMMARY ------------------- If you come across a copy of this book somewhere , you ought to get it . It may not be republished , and I doubt it will be revised , so it is a rare commodity .
 Late 60 's - early 70 's , former Stanford student David Harris was an instrumental leader in the campus anti-Vietnam war movement , and the national draft resistance movement . His refusal to serve in the military led to a 20-month jail sentence , a good portion of it spent in solitary confinement for organizing a prison resistance movement . This book discusses his experiences , discoveries , and views on non-violent revolution.Mr . Harris has written for the New York Times and Rolling Stone . And , he continues to speak out against the use of war , recently regarding Iraq .
 Just in four years , you already have a much revised new edition ! That reflects the pace of the explosion of brain research studies . The outdated Triune Brain Theory is no longer mentioned . We have
 The first thing that struck me was that it was easy to read . The print was readable and the illustrations were helpful . I did also find some grammatical errors as an earlier review said . But mostly it was very specific and practical . The chapters most helpful were on `` emotional states '' and music . It 's hard to find a book on this subject that 's across the board , dealing with many different issues and this one addresses nearly every brain-related research issue from nutrition to memory . As a scientist who also works with high school students , I found his translation of brain research into the classroom to be thoughtful , if not enthusiastic . It 's a tough subject to translate , but I did get more than I thought I would out of the book . Mostly it helped me get past the hype and get into the real practical meat of the material . The book 's far from perfect , but it 's the best I 've seen so far on this topic .
 Reviewer
 Mr. Jensen has saved me and other teachers the time of gathering together the latest information about the brain , learning and so much more ! He has made all this scholarly research accessible and fun to read . I wish the deadwood at my school would at least read this book but I hope they would also use the great ideas in it , too , for the students ' sake !
 To those seeking an outline of what education needs to practice so `` no child is left behind '' this book is a starting point about how people learn . The flow of the book is easy to follow and considers the research findings of how the brain learns in stages of life . Unlike those who consider brain research a `` fad '' , I know from application of the knowledge in this book , the influential changes do produce positive results for students . In the world of `` accountability '' the tools of Brain Based teaching will allow students and teachers a solution in `` leveling the field '' for the students from less fortunate environments , which politicians are clueless about in regards the obstacles of `` survivalists of poverty '' . I highly reccommend this book to those wishing to `` get off the dead horse '' and provide a productive environment for education in the 21st century .
 This book was purchased for a PhD level course . It is a very easy read . It gives practical applications to the latest brain research . On a down note , there are not a lot of references documented within the text when Jensen quotes a study , but he does give an extensive bibliography . This book can be used for parents to read about how their child 's brain works , or for teachers within a school system . It is a good book to read if you want basic information about the brain from an education standpoint .
 I bought this book for a course I am taking in graduate school and I have sincerely enjoyed reading it . The information is presented clearly and it reveals some truly interesting things about the brain and how it functions in learning . I enthusiastically recommend it !
 This book covers in laymen 's terms how the brain works when it comes to learning . It then takes the facts and helps an instructor use this knowledge to transform their training into a valuable experience . A good read and a great reference to keep coming back to .
 I am trying to figure out how to get to Jensen 's six-day workshop this July . If the money cooperates -LRB- that is , I can get my district to part with it -RRB- , I 'll be there . So many of his conclusions and recommendations are dear to my heart , and it 's exciting to have them backed up by brain research . Perhaps now all the mechanically-minded , linear , input/output drones will have to listen up . If you think enthusiasm , creativity , and positive adult/child relationships are the keys to good teaching , get this book ! If you think bribery , rote memorization , and competition get the job done , do n't bother .
 This is a text book I ordered for my classes for teacher certification . This book is very easy to read , and I am really enjoying it . It presents info and then at the end of a section , recaptures the essence of the reading for you . I would suggest it for any teaching class . I am learning so much from this book . I have been buying all my text books from Amazon because they are so much cheaper , and sometimes I can get free shipping . So far , there has not been a book that I could not find here at Amazon .
 Great book !!! It explains the way our brain learn and how teachers can teach effectively .
 This book was for a course I took . I was very happy to , know how the brain works and all the technology that enables us to know how to teach males and females and how they learn . It was scientific but easy for the lay person to understand .
 I purchased this book to refresh my professional development . The `` latest trend '' these days in education seems to be shifting to BBL -LRB- brain-based learning -RRB- , so I wanted to update myself.I flipped through it first and saw that there is a lot of diagrams , figures , the text is easy to read , and understand.I have n't read through the entire book , but so far I can tell that this will be a useful reference or resource .
 This book is what I needed to understand the brain and how it works in a brain-base learning environment . Very easy reading , large enough print and highlights of how to apply what you read `` what does this mean to you '' sections where very helpful .
 I love this book.I am an instructor for first year teachers in sped settings . This book is a wonderful tool when observing and coaching teachers . The quick referrences for each portion , `` what does this mean for me '' is the best tool . It gives the teachers very quick and easy ideas of how to use the research and information and apply it immediately.The teachers love how user friendly it is.Perfect for our needs .
 `` Brain Based Learning '' suggests a new style of teaching that activates student brains and makes them an active participant in the learning process . Author Eric Jensen is absolutely brilliant with his delivery of this material . His writing style is engaging , profound and insightful . I 'm so impressed with the way to weaves together a variety of sources to present his idea for personal transformation . Never before have I read a book that combines material on stress reduction , fight-or-flight , activating both hemispheres of the brain , and flow states -- and applied it to education.Seriously , this book is a masterpiece ! You do n't have to be a teacher to gleam something from `` Brain Based Learning '' -- it is also insightful for entrepeniurs , marketers and writers . If you listen to brain synch cds , use light and sound machines , or do any sort of AVE -LRB- audio visual entrainment -RRB- , reading this book will rock your world . I highly recommend this book !
 Reading this book was fascinating ! The brain is an amazing organ and this book presents the facts in a way that will capture and hold your interest .
 I am enjoying this book greatly . Very informative , easy to read .
 As far as I 'm concerned the most important holiday every year is Academy Awards night , with the second most important being the day the nominations are announced . Obviously , the Academy Awards are my life and Inside Oscar is my Bible . No matter what page you open this book , you 'll be totally drawn and completely forget about time . If I had one complaint it 's that too much time is spent on recent years while earlier decades are given less attention . Still , it 's such a wonderfully written book , so catty and bitchy , but all in fun ; I ca n't wait for the next edition and find out all the shenanigans involving Titanic and how it 's possible Helen Hunt beat Kate Winslet ...
 I LOVE this book ! I had to buy a second copy because my first one was literally falling apart from being read and re-read so much . I just ca n't wait until the authors come out with another new edition !
 I remember when I was ten when I first picked up this book from the library . It excited me and I ca n't explain why as I was n't into movies then . All at once I decided to do an impossible task , to watch all the films ever nominated for an Oscar . As the years went by I realized how unrealistic such a task was , I ca n't judge cinematography and what not , and more than half the films are n't on video . So I cut down to a number of categories . Frankly as time goes by I realize how political the whole Oscar game and do n't consider the phrase `` Oscar nominated '' to mean the film can be any good . But I still look forward to it every year.The author takes care of the wrongness of the Oscars by adding an eligible film that should have been nominated category after every year . His tastes are broad too and not snooty as he puts Mommie Dearest even as a candidate . Also he dedicates a chapter to each year so you get to learn about the gossip and the injustice that happened at the time.The only complaint . I replaced the last issue with the 1998 one , now I 'm waiting to replace this one .
 There 's lots of books about Oscar but this one 's way up there with some of the best of them becuase it 's full of new things you probably do n't know because even I did n't know some of the things they talk about in the book which is basically covering the more recent ceremonies of the past years not the really early presentations when people like Faye Wray and Janet Gaynor were favorites because even though they were certainly great stars and deserving of awards or at the very least a nomination , we are n't as interested in them as some more contemporary actors or actresses like Audrey Hepburn or Drew Barrymore even though Drew has n't won an award or even been nominated for that matter but the point is that this book IS about people we are familiar with today , ones we could probably go out and see in a motion picture right now because there likely is a movie currently being screened at the Multi-Plex featuring at least one of them since you can have as many as a dozen theatres in one location and the odds alone of seeing one of your favorites are 2:1 at least . You 'll love it and I would definitely recomend buying it -LRB- the book , not the Multi-Plex -- like we could really afford 12 movie theatres ! -RRB- .
 I 'm an avid fan of the Oscars , and I 've read a number of books on the subject over the years . Inside Oscar is hands-down the most insightful , thorough , dishy , and fun account of the Academy Awards ever written . There 's information in it that you will never find on the Internet . This is a must read .
 `` If your interested in the movies nominated for major oscars , then this is the book for you . Not only do you get a behind the scenes recap of oscar night , including crowd descriptions , political controversies , nominees attire and host critiques , but you also are given complete critics summaries , studio intrigues and infighting of the movies and stars . Great book , must have for any movie fan .
 As I was perusing the book store here at Amazon , I came across `` Inside Oscar 2 '' . I immediatley put in in my shopping cart , as I remembered how glued to the over 1100 pages of `` Inside Oscar '' by Mason Wiley and Damien Bona , I became . I originally bought this `` refrence '' book because I have a huge movie collection and I wanted to put my library in some kind of order . This book had all the Oscar winners by year , so I thought I would just be using it to look up dates , actors etc. . Fahget about it!Once I opened it , it was all over , I could n't put it down.This book has a year by year , blow by blow account of the Academy Awards history . We get the stories behind the stories . The rivalries , the studio hub bub , the lobbying , poignant moments and LOTS of good laughs.Each chapter decribes a year in the life of Oscar . It starts out with the events leading up to the nominations , goes into `` The Big Night '' telling us who won , where it was held , who said what , and even who presented , and ends with `` The Aftermath '' goings ons.The second section of the book has detailed lists of every award won and all the nominations in every year . It goes from 1927-1994 -LRB- `` Wings '' to Forrest Gump '' . -RRB- If you are a movie buff , if you want to impress your freinds with Hollywood history trivia , or you just like reading about the stars , this is the book for you . I ca n't wait until my `` sequel '' -LRB- 1995-2000 -RRB- arrives.Ciao dahlings ... Laurie
 This book is amazing . Its year-by-year descriptions are historical and often suspensful . I remember the first time I read this book , before I knew the outcome of many of the years ' awards ; each year was a new drama with Mr. Wiley and company setting up the atmosphere of the race . Now , fifteen years later , I own the latest edition of Inside Oscar . It is a constant source of amusement and information . The writing is skillful and clever , and the categorical listing at the back is an invaluable reference . Every year during Oscar season , I will pick up an article by some journalist whose grasp of Oscar history is minimal , and I wonder why they do n't just look up who REALLY won in Inside Oscar . I know Mr. Wiley is no longer with us , but I hope Mr. Bona and company continue the great work for future editions . I know I 'd love to be a contributor to this tremendous work .
 If you enjoy the hype of the Academy Awards , this is the book for you . Plenty of behind-the-scenes action that you 're not going to find by simply watching the Academy Awards . It 's gossipy , dishy , and dirty ... a definite guilty pleasure . Great index of past Academy Award winners and nominees as well .
 Wiley and Bona have created the premier reference work on the Oscars - the complete list of nominees and victors , taking up the book 's final 200 pages , is reason enough to buy it . It 's the liveliest reference work you 'll ever read
 For everyone who gets ` movie madness ' every March by eagerly anticipating Oscar night , this is a must-own book . It is the bible of Oscar knowledge and includes every nomination and winner from 1927 until the mid-90 's . It is by far the greatest Academy Award reference tool that is available and just by paging through the nominee list in the back for a few minutes , your video rental list will grow by the foot.The first portion gives the reader a quick history lesson including how the illustrious Academy began and how the golden statue got his trademark name . Following that , every year gets its own chapter in which the authors tell of the studio campaigns to get their films nominated , what the critics and gossip writers were reporting at the time , and who got a nominee and who got screwed . The chapter ends with an `` Oscar Night , '' section , which goes down to the most minute detail of each Awards ceremony from the lame jokes the host tried to crack -LRB- `` U-ma , O-prah ! '' -RRB- , to the most flubbed speeches , embarrassing dance performances -LRB- Rob Lowe and Snow White ?! -RRB- , timeless quotes -LRB- `` You like me , you really like me ! '' -RRB- and hideous dresses . It also gives the list of presenters and the highlights of the post-Awards parties.The back though , with the nominee history , is easily my favorite and one can spent countless hours paging through and remembering the classic films of years past or debating with friends about who got robbed in the best supporting category in 1962 . I like to use the back as a checklist of what I 've seen and need to see next.My paperback edition is thoroughly warped and I hope the authors put out a new edition or else mine is going to fall apart soon . A warning though , the book does get rather depressing in April because that means there 's 11 more months until next year 's big show !
 Baseball has the World Series . Football has the Super Bowl . Movie freaks have the Oscars . We sneer at them , challenge them , and forget who won a week later . But we watch , not only to bask in the reflected glory of the annointed ones , but also for the rare opportunity to see them disappointed , as four out of five nominees are , year after year.Now , in this age of media saturation , we know the Oscars are more than a one night affair . The Academy Awards are a contest as competitive , and sometimes just as dirty , as the race for the White House . Mason Wiley and Damien Bona 's `` Inside Oscar '' is the `` Gone With the Wind '' of Oscar books , the only one that fully details the tasteless and sometimes cutthroat tactics that have been employed to impress Oscar , Hollywood 's most enduring superstar.This mammoth volume covers the show-biz ritual from the very beginning at a small ceremony that attracted little notice -LRB- `` Wings '' was named best picture -RRB- through the era when Oscar emerged as a superstar of the small screen in the 50s , right through to the crowning of `` Forrest Gump '' as best picture of 1994 . There 's the inside dope on such controversies as George C. Scott 's refusal to accept his Oscar for `` Patton '' -LRB- shamelessly calling the ritual a `` meat parade '' -RRB- , and Sacheen Littlefeather 's speech on behalf of Marlon Brando who turned down his Oscar for `` The Godfather . '' Wiley and Bona are lively writers who never pass up an opportunity for an amusingly scathing observation . Their behind-the-scenes exploration of what really goes on in the battle for Oscar glory is more entertaining than many of the films honored.For Oscar junkies , this book provides the most thorough coverage available . Wiley and Bona follow each potential contender through the entire awards season , starting with the prestigious awards from the National Board of Review , to the New York Film Critics Circle , and on to the Golden Globes , right through to Oscar night and its aftermath . There 's also the complete list of winners and nominees for each category , a full list of the presenters , and a step-by-step coverage of the Oscar ceremony , complete with the most memorable moments .
 For those with a love for both film and trivia , this book is indispensable . Its the definative examination of the annual mixture of the heartwarming and the gauche known as the Academy Awards . Going year-by-year , Wiley and Bona carefully detail what ruled the box office and amazed the critics as well as giving all the gossipy details on the mostly forgotten men and women who were temporarily declared to be Hollywood 's `` next great star . '' Each years ends with a description of that year 's academy awards ceremony . Though this might not sound extremely exciting , Bona and Wiley are not shy about injecting their editorial opinions as far as the ceremonies are concerned and several of their sarcastic descriptions of various misbegotten dance numbers and confused presenters , while bordering on being rather snide , are also laugh out loud funny . No matter how savvy and cynical you may consider yourself to be , after reading their behind-the-scenes take on the Oscars , you 'll never be able to look at Hollywood the same way as before.As well , Wiley and Bona have compiled perhaps the most accurate and complete listing of Oscar nominees and winners in existence . They even include lists , for each year , of notable films and songs that were passed over . These lists are probably my favorite part of the book , though I do wish they 'd include some explanations of why they selected certain films as overlooked . -LRB- As just one example , Beyond the Valley of the Dolls placement as an overlooked 1970 best picture possibility , has always perplexed me . -RRB- No matter how much you may think you know about film and celebrity trivia , this book will have something to surprise you . This is a book I 've never tired of reading because I know with each look , I 'll discover something both new and hilarious.In short , this is my desert island book .
 I 'm a HUGE Oscar fan , and this is the greatest Oscar book I 've ever seen . But it just does n't get updated and reprinted often enough . The last printing looks like it was in 1998 - that means it will be missing any information about the past couple of years . If they 're still involved in the book , I 'd guess that the authors will have to release a new edition sometime soon , so wait for that . If they updated the book every year , every year I 'd buy a new one and throw out the old one .
 A great resource for the film critic or movie fan , or even the film novice who wants to expand his or her knowledge about the history of the medium . The book takes the reader on a tour of Oscar nominated films , year by year , then reveals the films that were nominated and those that were shafted for nominations and documents all the important happenings during awards night . Also handy is the appendix , listing all the nominees and winners , even in the technical categories . An indispensible guide to the most famous award in the world .
 It 's not really meant to be read from beginning to end , though you certainly can . It 's a handy reference that will draw you in . You may begin by looking up the last year Bob Hope hosted , but an hour later you 'll realize you 're in the Billy Crystal era . Lots of fun -- dishy but accurate . Pick it up , turn to any chapter , and enjoy .
 Itten 's analysis and application of color is thoughtful and scientific . As a practicing art director , I have successfully used the theories and methods explained in `` Elements of Color '' for over twenty years . I also teach them to my design classes . Whether you use a paintbrush or a mouse , his `` seven color contrasts '' will prove invaluable .
 I have been a professor for 15 years . `` The Elements of Color '' has been required reading for many of my courses . It is not only enriching as a color theory document , but it helps expand the artist or designers possibility of using , arranging and conceiving color .
 I took an art course to learn about colour and learnt nothing . Then I read this book ... It answered all my questions and informed me about areas of colour theory I had never dreampt of . Now I paint with knowledge and confidence .
 Itten , himself is one of the greatest color theorist of our century , and the masterful mind behind the Bauhaus School.In this book Itten describes his color theory and the facts of his famous `` Color Star '' , which is one of the most strongest tools for color harmony for designers and alike.Most color books have samples of color harmonies you choose from when you design , or talk about complementary colors , but cant tell you why u use such combinations or so.If you have an analytical approach to design , rather than just copying what others do , you will love this book . You will begin to understand the language of colors.Have u ever heard of `` the Seven Color Contrast '' , if not then it is time for you to get familiar about it.This book is an evaluation of Ittens masterpiece `` Art of Color '' . The chapter on subjective experience of color is very limited in this book.If you are willing to invest more on color matters buy `` Art of Color `` If you are happy to stay with the basics then this book is adequate for your purposes .
 I purchased this book because I wanted to understand colors , color schemes and theory -LRB- ies -RRB- better in order to apply to my necklace designs . It 's a good book to have in your library , but it wo n't answer all the questions you may have about some applications . Itten 's other books however cover pretty much everything ; try The Art of Color , for example , if you 'd like learn more about color effects on moods/feelings .
 Although witten for artists who mix colors for an effect , this small book has a wealth of information for fiber artists and quilters . How do translucent colors interact with other colors ? Illusions in color ? Which colors can be used in conjunction with other shades and tints ? It is all here in this book . Many illustration , color plates , and well written text.Very scientific , but easily readable . Good reference book on color .
 JUST UPON READING THE INTRO/FOREWORD OF THE BOOK , YOU WILL KNOW WHO THE AUTHOITY IS WHEN IT COMES TO COLOR + COMMON SENSE.ITTEN ANALYZES EVERY PART , FROM THE VIEW OF THE COMMON MAN , THE PAINTER , PHYSICIST , PSYCHOLOGIST , HISTORIAN AND MORE . THIS IS ALL I NEED IN MY ARTISTIC ATTIC . W / THIS AS MY GASOLINE , I WOULD NEVER BE CALLED IGNORANT WHEN IT COMES TO GRINDING & MIXING MY OWN PERSONAL COLORS ! EVER !
 This is a fabulous book , making an intellectually rich subject palatable for the more right-brained of us!Needs to be read in conjuncion with The Art of Colour . I wish I had realised that when I ordered it.However this study provides a reliable and essential foundation for the serious student of colour .
 as Tellez noted previously , this is n't an easy read . fortunately , the reward is worth the effort . Itten does not dumb down his perspectives for the sake of the reader , rather he puts it all on paper for the devoted color theorist to decipher.that said , it is for the most part approachable and relatively short reading . I re-read this book every couple of years to keep my busy mind fresh and focused when working with this most essential component of my work .
 A great reference book that supplements in more detail the color theory class that I am taking.Will be using this for many years .
 Much less expensive than Albers ' book on Color and quite as good . Arrived promptly , in great condition . Useful for a color theory class .
 This book is really helpful for learning about color theory . Its technical but really interesting so you can get through it easily .
 This book is excellent . Very informative for artists to conquer colour . The service was also fantastic - very very fast . Thank you .
 If you know nothing about color theory , this is a beautiful introduction to it . I was very interested in illusions and the physiological effects of color , this book taught me what I needed to know . After this book I went on to another book that taught me more specifics but this is a wonderful addition to any artist 's or scientist 's book collection .
 I was so very pleased to review the art book which arrived in pristine condition . I would have rated it in Excellent condition , rather than very good . I would like to thank the person who made it possible , but have misplaced her name and address .
 the compact version of `` the art of color '' . itten is like my 2nd grade teacher that answers the `` why is it so '' in my color brain like liquid sunshine ! he does ` nt even show his paintings w/c makes him more SINCERE w / his message .
 This book was easy to read and follow , making it the perfect book to start with . I recently got my first serious hunting dog and knew NOTHING about the process of training . I was seriously thinking of professional training her but no more . The book showed my what to do , when to it , how much to do , and that the person doing should be me . Though there is a lot of information in the book , it is presented in a concise and interesting manner . If you are a dog person , you will have a hard time putting the book done once you have started .
 This book gives you lesson by lesson the course for training your dog . It helps you understand the psychology of training a dog . It is great for the first time trainer and veteran alike . I now have a high powered fully hand signal trained labrador that is a blast to hunt with and is fully obedient at all times.A great book for anyone obedience training any pup .
 I used this book 8 years ago to train Jessie , my Chocolate Lab . She was killed in an accident on Nov. 15 , 1998 and she was the best hunting companion a duck hunter could ever expect to have . Her training was done by this book as it is written . Every day for 10 straight months we worked on at least one lesson from the book . I checked the book out from my local library and renewed it each month for 11 months . I am purchasing this book for my puppy I expect to acquire in March , 1999 . Todd Hatch
 After reading this book , I felt like I was an expert on the how-to 's of training retrievers . I have tried out many of these training techniques with my dog and have had fabulous success . And I could swear that my dog has spoken a word or two after several training sessions ! I highly recommend this book for anyone interested in having a well-disciplined dog . A brilliant piece of work !
 Milner takes the retriever , explains the different personalities of the dogs , and how to `` form '' your dog step by step from being a mindless puppy , to the full grown retriever .
 I 've had 4 hunting labs over the past 20 years , and this is the one book I always recommend to first-time retriever owners who want to hunt their dog . The book is especially good from the first day you get your puppy up until about a year . He covers questions at the end of each chapter that are typical of new retriever owners
 I ordered a book for my son that had been out of print for many years . The book arrived in excellent condition . It came a few days after I ordered it . My son was impressed that such an old book could still be purchased and be in `` like new '' condition .
 Robert Milner is an excellent trainer in my opinion and it comes through in this book wonderfully . Good book for a newby or someone brushing up .
 I purchased this book a long time ago and used it so much that I need to purchase another copy . After reading it I was able to finally train a hunting dog to a very high level.The book is a very easy read and if you follow his advise your dog will be a joy to hunt and live with . While this dog is written for retrievers , I use many of the steps for training my pointers . I think this book would be just as helpful in training even a house dog . Everyone who asks me how to train their dog I tell them to get this book . It really should be the foundation of your collection of dog training books .
 As a Forensic Psychologist I use this text and recommend it to clients to better understand and appreciate the psycho-developmental needs of their children . Of particular interest to most of those parents are the diverse tables which clarify the expected and unique behaviors of children by age group . This provides those parents with a guide book to assist them in child rearing through age 18 . That reference material not only facilitates the parent 's understanding of the needs of the child , but also better prepares more effective parenting skills and preparation for developmental issues which are significant in custody and visitation -LRB- or access -RRB- legal questions . Parents have reported developing a feeling of confidence since they are using scientific data in making parenting decisiions . Legal authorities -- judges and attorneys -- have felt more confident in their recommendations , opinions , and decisions which are based upon evidence . -- Swen Helge , Ph.D. .
 The book is well written and very interesting . I do n't mind reading it unlike other textbooks . Was a little nervous about it not getting it in the mail before my class started , but it did get shipped and delivered right on time .
 I bought this book for a class ; psychology is something I dread and have a difficult time reading psych textbooks . This book , however , is easy to read . I like the stories at beginning of each chapter ; it sets up what the author will be discussing throughout the chapter nicely .
 Hi , I love how the book divides the development of human beings by age , physical development , socio-emotional development , and cognitive development . I also love how the important words are highlighted .
 Book was fun and interesting to read . Had easy to read charts and was informative . Highly Recommended !
 This book is a really good read , does well with the expansion on child psychology , and theories . Great text but is more along the serious side of learning about these children and the effects of the world around them . A little less challenging then a chemistry book but you really have to pay attention . Well written overall .
 Even though this was a text for my course i think I read this book cover to cover . i still use it now that I have my own 2 year old daughter . Berk makes everything so clear with explanations that are easily understood and uses examples that one can relate to .
 I needed this book for my class , and did n't want to spend the money for the new 7th edition . The book is in great condition and I received it just in time .
 I was able to buy this textbook for only ten dollars including shipping ! My classmates were skeptical of such a low price and assured me the book would be in terrible condition . But they were wrong ! There is not one note , highlight , or writing on the margins . The book looks practically new .
 If you are planning to have a child , or have a child of any age this is the book you want to read to learn about all parts of their development . It covers everything from pregnancy and up . In fact it covers before pregnancy too .
 I loved the way the author brought in stories of various children . I felt like I got to know the children throughout their stages of development . A great textbook !
 I order this book and received it 2 days later ! You would never know it was used , it looked brand new and had no marks at all . Will definately use this company in the future ! Thanks
 The book was in the same condition as it was described . I received the book in only a few days . Plenty of information and pictures .
 The book I received was in excellent condition and arrived fast . Unfortunately , my professor did not require the text only an on line Virtual Child . I returned the book and was given a prompt refund . Thank you so much for your great customer service .
 Arrived just in time -LRB- test next week : / -RRB- . Thanks !! Only side note is there is a lot of hight lighting in the book . But , that 's the price you pay for a used book .
 The purchase was suppose to be just good or acceptable , but I was impressed by how good it was . It is highlighted , but those highlights were originally apart of the book , so it was practically new and not hardly used . It 's easy to read and just what I needed for class ! I would have liked to know how big it was going to be though . Thanks !
 This book is on great condition and arrived promptly to my home even on a holiday weekend .
 I received the book in a decent time frame and I was not disappointed with the book . I would buy from this person again .
 Ca n't really get too excited about this -LRB- because it was from a class a number of year ago -RRB- but Amazon did deliver a good quality copy for many $ 's cheaper than the campus book store .
 Product was as described and was received quickly and packaged well . Would do business with this seller again .
 The product was shipped quickly , and in good condition . I was happy with the purchase , and I would buy from this seller again .
 Well , I am biased , as Warren Brandt was my paternal grandmother 's brother . I knew him personally growing up and was lucky to inherit his passion and talent for art . This book is a limited edition , and is beautiful from the beginning , as it is bound in a slipcover and is large in size . As for Brandt 's work , it ranges in medium from oil to ink to watercolor , pencil and photography . Each subject is captured in a unique way , and each work tells a story , simply by the subject 's pose or by the medium used . If you are a modern American art collector , this book is a treasure .
 I got my book for the lowest price . It came quickly and it was in great condition . Nice work , Amazon .
 Though it has typos and does not always focus on the child . It shows how the parents are coping .
 It 's an honest look into one family 's struggle with autism . It 's written in a down to earth and folksy style and communicates with the language of the heart .
 I found the book thoughtful and enlightening . It provides a view in to the life of a family with a child at need . The book engenders a feeling of understanding and compassion for children in need . It also made me more appreciative and understanding of my children . I suggest all parents read the this though provoking book .
 I was deeply moved by Jeff McAndrew 's book , `` Our Brown Eyed Boy '' on many levels . Since my own son 's diagnosis of autism recently , I began the desperate search for material to answer the numerous questions that plague a parent 's mind . For me , the quest for knowledge is a healing one usually . What I find most difficult of all , however , is that this quest is often confusing or unfulfilled . That 's what makes Jeff 's book so unique . `` Our Brown Eyed Boy '' , while informational and educational , probes the autism issues from an entirely different perspective . Rather than focusing on the issue in a clinical and inhumane fashion , Jeff tackles the issues from a parent 's perspective . He makes it clear time and again that feelings , not theories , are the important part of understanding autism . Through my own experience , I can relate to the fact that this is often the case . Many people , in the desire to seek a `` cure '' or coping method for autism , attempt to tackle the symptoms rather than addressing the person behind the symptoms . This theme recurs time and again throughout this personal account , and often leads to disillusionment between parents and other family members.The basis for Jeff 's approach to discussing autism is honesty . The tone of this book is refreshing because Jeff brings to life that which we are often afraid to say . This models precisely the type of advocate parents must be for their children with special needs . This honesty is particularly poignant when Jeff discusses what effect their son 's autism has had not only on their marriage , but on their typical son , not to mention those in the community . In one passage Jeff discusses a trip to Burger King for his sons and his wife at which another woman commented on how his wife handled the outing saying she could n't control her children . Jeff responds by suggesting that anyone in the community should begin by stepping , even if only for a moment , in the shoes of that parent , and see if that makes a difference in their perception . As I read this portion , I , like many other parents of autistic children I 'm sure , wanted to stand up and say Amen to that.Above all , however , Jeff points out that unconditional love for the child and for other members of the family is vital to maintaining a recognizable family life . The strength of this message is not in suggesting love , but in his understanding statements regarding how difficult that unconditional love can be in any family , not to mention those dealing with special needs . This is a powerful message for many parents who are often caught up in the crossfire between love , frustration , and guilt , and it is a message that , as astronaut Deke Slayton once said , needs to be said again and again with fierce conviction .
 Jeff McAndrew tells the story of living with and loving his son Stephen , who happens to have autism . The straight-forward , open approach to a wide variety of topics should be of great help to other families dealing with this condition . I especially appreciated the addition of comments of others - parents and professionals - who also are concerned about children with disabilities . It 's important to remember that interventions which are effective for one child with autism may not be at all helpful to another , and vice versa . Finding interventions that work , as well as a strong support network , can make a critical difference in a family 's ability to enjoy and appreciate a special child such as Stephen .
 I am learning more about my brother reading `` Our Brown Eyed Boy . `` When I read the book , I find out that my parents have a very tough job to do sometimes with my little brother . I am now reading the book for my Pizza Hut reading program . I am helping with PECS and that helps our family.Ryan
 Written by the father of a severely autistic boy , this book attempts to take the reader through the experiences of a young family stricken with the diagnosis of autism , and their attempts to look at the glass `` half-full instead of half-empty . '' The birth of Stephen takes the McAndrew family on a journey of learning , pain and revelation as they struggle to understand the meaning of this jolt to their family constellation . Jeff and Debbie realize that each of Stephen 's steps in life -LRB- e.g. learning to walk to wave -RRB- is a huge accomplishment . Stephen 's father Jeff quotes a friend of his who was paralyzed from the neck down . . `` It 's not about the 900 things Stephen can not do , but rather , it is the 9000 things he can do . `` This is the attitude the McAndrew family lives each day with . Jeff also reflects on friends of his who have medically fragile children and how lucky Stephen is to be able to walk and to eat on his own ... some of the basics we all take for granted . The theme of the book also carries a deeper tone . That is , never take a moment with your children for granted , and accept your child for what he or she is . The author spends time with the reader emphasizing the term of one of his favorite role models , the late psychologist , Dr. Carl Rogers . That term is `` unconditional positive regard . '' So many parents spend hundreds of hours and perhaps thousands of dollars on blood tests , urine tests , dietary methods or other experimental trial with their kids . The irony is that some parents want to change their children , but fail to love them for what they are ... `` right here , right now . '' The key concept here is balance . It is important , the author says , to balance what your child is -LRB- the child 's soul if you will -RRB- with what they can perform ... and to learn to appreciate both . McAndrew also interviews a pediatrician and childhood friend from Sheboygan , Dr. Steven Pizer , whose comprehensive and logical answers also are filled with compassion for children and parents . Dr. Darold Treffert , who did the forward to the book , was a consultant to the movie `` Rainman '' with Dustin Hoffman . He has dedicated his life to the study of autism and autistic savants and his book `` Extraordinary People '' has been widely read . Treffert very eloquently describes the challenges that autism theorists face and postulates that `` until we call things by their right names , '' we remain in somewhat of a classification quandary in the field of autism . In the conclusion of the book , the author tells us about the hope that is always possible and is hopeful that more genetic answers can be found in his and his son 's lifetime . McAndrew adds his own poetry about his son at the end of the book along with pictures of his handsome son . He also talks about his typical son Ryan and what struggle a seven year-old sibling has in trying to understand his special brother . McAndrew dedicates the book to his wife , who bears the brunt of therapy schedules , school meetings , insurance calls , etc. while Jeff is at work . A chapter called `` A Mother 's Voice '' is dedicated to all mothers of autistic children and their profound challenges . The book is highly applauded by local community leaders who Jeff let read his rough drafts . School board , city officials and county officials all have high praise for this original and heartfelt work . This book is a great read for all parents of special children and well as all parents . Jeff also writes and speaks for a living . He presently works as a news reporter and talk show host at WHBL Radio in Sheboygan.A little more from Jeff 's bio page ... he has won 16 broadcasting awards during his 16 years in journalism including two statewide awards for a documentary on the `` First Step Autism Program , '' the first early intervention public school autism program in the state of Wisconsin .
 I really enjoyed this book and found it wonderful to hear from a parent how they are coping with a difficult situation . My child is not autistic , but has another disability , and while we are doing our very utmost for our children , these situations are also unique to parents and families who live with a child with issues . Many parents of children without problems can not understand the extra issues that we must deal with . It was nice to hear someone describe feelings and thoughts that I know I have had . The whole family structure is affected , not just the child . It was very helpful to hear from a parent how they deal with this . We need to be able to support each other . There are many books out there about the children who are directly affected by disabilities , but little for the parents who cope with this . Wonderful !
 I found Jeffrey 's book an eye opening account of autism and what families have to go through to survive . I also found interesting the classification quandary that exists and how much of the alternative treatments -LRB- such as chelation and dietary methods -RRB- are hit and miss . I agree with Jeff that we have to look at good scientific methods to understand autism , not `` half-baked '' pseudo science.JS
 Jeff 's book `` Our Brown-Eyed Boy '' will stand the test of time . Although it has some minor editing problems , the content has character and vision . This parent 's insights will be respected for the honesty and love that underlies the effort . I liked Jeff 's poetry and pictures of his son at the end of the book . This added a very nice personal touch . I recommend the book to parents of autistic children and to all parents . I was inspired by his honesty .
 Whoops . I 'm not under 13 . I am 13 . I think that this book is perfect for girls of the ages of 12 through 15 . It 's a light read , but once you pick it up you wont put it down until you 're done , and then you 'll wish that you were n't done . I wish that I was still reading this book . Farris is a great characher with all the depth of a real human being . He feels different and outcast but still manages to make it through . I thought that the devotion her has to the friends he makes and his sister is touching . Pnce again , this book is great . I 'm here at Amazon because I 'm buying it . There is only one thing and that is that this book is probably a little adult for anyone under 12 . And ... um there 's nowhere to put my name ... ~ * ~ annie ~ * ~
 This was a wonderful book !!! I wanted to just sit down and readit again . I will definately read her other books . Thanks .
 This is the story of the brother of one of the secondary characters from the Leopard Lord . Farris is sold as a slave by his stepfather . Claimed by two very different gods , his fate will be decided on what he does with his life . Will he be ruled by vengeance and violence ? Or will his love of the animals he tends lead him to a different choice ? Ms Morland 's characterization is excellent , the plotting is much improved -LRB- from good to even better -RRB- . If I had a complaint , it would be that this book did not sweep me into a different world the way that the very best speculative fiction does . However , that said , it was a most enjoyable read , and I 'll buy her next book , too .
 I like this book much better than her last book , Leopard Lord . The author was able to empathize Farris ' feeling and captured it for the reader . The supporting characters were very well written , including Farris ' masters and mistress . The story was good enough to make me feel that it truely happened . I feel the author has real talent , and I will definitely buy her next book .
 This book just grabbed me . I think that the most important part of a book is how the characters are portrayed and I think that Alanna did a better job than most of the other authors I have read . Though the book was shorter than I would have wanted I read every word and did n't stop until the book was finished . I found her writing to be like Ann Marston and Lynn Flewelling , two of some of my favorite authors . I recommend this book to people who likes living in the world that they are reading about and feeling the that characters they are real .
 Personaly this is one of my favorite books . It 's one of those books you can read and re-read again and agiain , without getting sick of it . The way Farris is writtin and the way Alanna portrays him is awsome . Then the differennce you see from Farris-to-Bantam is wonderful . If you like reading books that do n't hold back and make the characters seem above everything , but sound realistic but also adds magic in with that then , this is a book for you . This also is n't one of those constant blood-bath books or romance all the time books or the main `` character gets the girl everything turns out in the end '' books . It also does n't have a tragic end were you begin to wish you 'd never wasted your time on it . No when you finish reading this book you will NOT regret reading it . I 've said to much . Oh , well . Read it and see for yourself if you agree with me !!!
 The book had believable , likeable characters , a good story line , and an interesting `` world '' . It was easy to visualize the setting and had very few `` interrupters '' . -LRB- An `` interrupter '' is what I call it whenever something disruptive or out of place or incorrect abruptly throws me out of the story line and back into my own head . For example
 Good book , kind of corny -LRB- who am I kidding , it was real corny after the first half -RRB- . I like it .
 This was an absolutely amazing book . It really felt like I was there . It was extremly well written . The author created round characters which made the story seem real . I think it was a very inspirational story and left me with good feeling when I was finnished . I highly recommend this book .
 Shackle and Sword is one of the best fantasy books I have ever read . Alanna Morland has created a world with depth behond it 's immediate story that I hope I will read more about in further books . The story itself has no great departures normal fantasy . It is exceptional only in the quality of the writing and characterisation . The only thing wrong with this book was that it ended .
 Bantum is an appealing hero and his adventures are exciting and entertaining as he fights for his freedom and his maiden . The middle ages come alive before your eyes .
 Excellent copy and shipped fast . This is one of the books that I have been waiting to read . clean book .
 I purchased this book for research on a term paper I was doing for my Environmental Biology class . Every day , it seems like we read in the papers or see on the news that someone has chained themselves to a tree , or there are people in rubber rafts blocking whaling efforts on the sea , or destroying ski resorts to stop development from encroaching on forests . I wanted to research the subject in depth , and this book is the place to start!This book is written like a master 's thesis . It carefully makes its case against ecoextremism and ecoterrorism , and presents facts , figures , and incidents fairly . Several very interesting court cases are explained in this book . EarthFirst ! in particular is examined quite closely as being one of the key movers and shakers in the eco-extremist movement.All outside sources cited in this book are carefully footnoted , which is a big help for people like me who need more sources for their bibliography!The authors draw on conservative and liberal publications alike . They discuss how government regulation on the environment has become a nightmare for some public citizens , while other citizens feel that the government has not gone far enough in regulating the environment . Everything is covered , from Julia Hill 's living in a tree called Luna , to the Earth Liberation Front 's destructive acts at the Vail Ski Resort and at Michigan State 's agricultural labs.There are chapters on the forest industry , agriculture , genetically modified foods , government interference in the private sector , almost every area of the environment . Al Gore 's book in particular is addressed and de-bunked . There is a WONDERFUL chapter on how the media is manipulated by extremist groups when the media does n't even begin to understand the subject of the environment.This book is a good place to start on the subject of ecoterrorism . It is a good read and chock-full of top-notch info ready-to-use for research . People in the media , people who work for environmental causes or agencies , and individual environmentalists would do themselves a favor to have this book for ready reference.My only complaint was the binding . It 's a spiral notebook sort of setup but the cover page is regular paper . I like the spiral notebook setup since it stays open , but the covers should be heavier stock .
 The book title is an accurate picture of what you may expect -- it is a great encyclopedia -LRB- reference book -RRB- that covers the wide range of `` software engineering '' topics . Within this 2 volume encyclopedia , expect comparisons and relationships to be divulged . This is a must if you consult or train software industry practitioners ; or if you simply desire to better understand the topic of `` software engineering '' .
 One of the best books I have ever read . It has all the elements of a future classic . The characters are well written and as the story goes on you become one of the characters . Scanlan can make you cry with the characters as they go through growing up and becoming adults , as well as showing what real friendship and love is all about .
 The book was basically about friendship between three girls - Cassie , Aileen and Laura.Once I started the book I found it hard to put it down.The book covered the three girls ' friendship over a period of time . Patricia Scanlan is one of my favoutite authors - I have read nearly all of her books and love them all .
 Another great read . You can really identify with the characters . Lots of ups and downs as in real life situations.I have read all of her books now and feel sad that I have n't another one to look forward to.I find she write in a nice easy manner and the connection between family members is so real . I would recommend this to any female looking for good story to curl up and read .
 I really enjoyed this book it was certainly a page turner . I was sad to see it finish actually . This was my first time reading Patricia Scanlan and I have since ordered 2 more of her books . I enjoyed the characters and the determination of Cassie to see her dream through to the end .
 Patricia Scanlan has written with great humour of a family fued built by jealousy , resenment and love . Emotions which abound in life , but are complex and difficult to solve . I enjoyed the ending -LRB- every dog should have its day ! -RRB- although it was a little predictable .
 Royal Cortissoz began his career at a precocious age in architecture for the legendary firm of Sanford , McKim and White , but turned to journalism when he was only twenty-one . For decades , he as the art critic for the New York Tribune and was able to witness the rage for the Barbizon School , the acceptance of Impressionism -LRB- which happened more rapidly in the United States than in France -RRB- , the birth of American Impressionism , Realism and then the Armory Show and American Modernism . Although thought of as a traditionalist , Cortissoz championed Du Bois , Davies and some of the early American painters of the modern school , he was a foe of abstraction and non-objective painting . Although he socialized with many of the artists he wrote about , his assessments were generally quite fair , seldom cruel or cutting . Although this book is titled `` The Painter 's Craft '' it ranges more widely than that with essays on Velesquez , de Ribera , El Greco , Goya , Flemish painting , Fragonard , Chardin , David , Manet , Renoir , Antonio Mancini -LRB- who is seldom written about -RRB- , Houdon , Carpeaux , Geroge Bellow , St. Gaudens and American Architecture . For anyone with a real interest in turn of the century art and artists , this is an excellent book and now , compared to the days when we had to search for such things on musty bookshelves , easy to locate !
 What a wonderful source of information ! Janet and Stewart Farrar detail rituals , beliefs , including views on reincarnation , tools and religious myths of the two major traditions of modern Wicca , specifically Alexandrian and Gardnerian . The rituals and beliefs of these traditions have been guarded throughout the years , consequently , it 's wonderful having all this great material all in one cover . They even detail the history of the Gardnerian Book of Shadows and point out the changes it underwent throughout the years . The initiation rituals are all included here - 1st degree through 3rd . There is even a self-dedication ritual for those who have not been able to find a teacher , do not belong to a coven , and want to began practicing wicca . This book has undoubtedly taken its stand among the greats of this genre . This couple has done much to increase the understanding of the science and religion of witchcraft . This book belongs in your personal library .
 As books concerning Traditional Wicca go , I 've seen none better . This book is all `` meat and potatos , '' having none of the fluff so common in more recent Wicca `` how to ... '' books . It belongs on the shelf of anyone with a serious interest in Wicca or Witchcraft . Not another book of spells , this is a book focusing on practices and beliefs from an Alexandrian and Gardnerian perspecive .
 While the book has a pretty narrow regional focus -LRB- not unexpected -RRB- and is entirely Gardnerian-Alexandrian in flavor , it is a fantastic read and quite a wealth of information . This was the first book that I ever read that covered ritual in such detail and it was refreshing to see something laid out like &#34; This is how I do it , but you may want to do something differently &#34; rather than the usual &#34; Here 's a very bland/uninspiring/general outline of what you could do , if you felt like it &#34; that I was most often coming across . I found this book very thought provoking/inspiring , and thought it was a real wealth of information without being condescending or austere . I also do n't understand what is so offensive to some of these reviewers about a single comment noting that the Farrar 's believe that humans always reincarnate as humans and how animals have an entirely different soul structure from humans ; it 's one small section that , as an animal lover , I did not find even remotely offensive -LRB- even though I did not agree with it -RRB- . It in no way was a detriment to the content of the book .
 I thought I already reviewed this but will do so again . Thanks so much for excellent service . Book in great condition . Very nice doing business with you , I appreciate it !
 Book very intesting only wish I knew that I should have read first the eight sabbats by the same author due to they talk about the eigh sabbats very much in the book
 Another great book by Maeve Binchy ! I love most of her books . This one is no exception . The characters become real to you , and you tend to miss them when the book is over . My only complaint would be that after all the painstaking attention to detail about each character , the Silver Wedding anniversary party comes and the book is over ! I 'd have liked a little more of an ending , not quite so sudden an ending .
 Most of the characters were annoying in this book . I do like how each one got a chance to tell `` their '' side of the story.Not one of her best but still made for a pleasent read .
 Deirdre and Desmond are planning a party for their 25th . wedding anniversary . They are helped by their daughter Anna , who is just getting over an unhappy love affair . Less helpful are their other two children , Helen , a hopeless bungler who is hoping to be taken on as a nun , and Brendan , who has escaped his childhood home and family to take up farming with his Uncle Vincent in Ireland . Other guests include the best man Frank , who has become much more successful than Desmond and the maid of honor , Helen , both of whom have their own problems . Deirdre is extremely concerned with appearances , since she married `` beneath her '' 25 years ago , and her gentle falsehoods and nervous posturings effect her children and others around her . Each of the eight main characters is introduced in a chapter and they all come together for the celebration at the end . This book does not have the depth of other Binchey novels , nor the redemption of all of its characters , but it is an interesting read , nonetheless .
 Maeve Binchy continues to explore in depth the characters of her writings with Silver Wedding . In this book each chapter is dedicated to one of the interesting and unusual characters . There is much development of their relationship to the others and well as their own personalities . This is the second Binchy book I have read this summer and was sad when I came to the last page .
 This story was quite sad initially but turned out OK in the end , I always think it very sad when families can not respect and like each other .
 I have ALL of her books , and most of them are great . I would recommend these novels to anyone -LRB- females -RRB-
 This was heart-rending and displayedthe same finesse at fully roundedcharacters with their issues . The priest ` sdiscoveries and how he dealt with themwere particularly poignant .
 I am a great fan of Maeve Binchy 's writing . I love her detailed character observation and how it lets the reader recognise bits of people in her characters . Silver Wedding centres around a 25th wedding anniversary and the plethora of dilemmas such a seemingly straightforward celebration can cause . Anyone who has ever organised a family event such as this will love the descriptions of family politics , and I 'm sure many will sympathise with the heroine 's family traumas and how being ` the responsible one ' can lead to all sorts of complications , not to mention that vaguely disquieting feeling of being put upon . A good read .
 As always a Maeve Binchy feel good story . Fast read but once I pickup any of her books , I can not put down until I finish . Characters had depth . Would recommend any of her books .
 `` Silver Wedding '' by Maeve Binchy made me feel like a part of a warm and caring neighbourhood , with all its flaws and frailties . When I finished the book I felt as though I had left a part of me in Ireland .
 Seems quite a few of her stories that I 've read recently , shows individual characters , kind of interesting . Just have to remember who 's who towards the end . Sad that she 's now gone , have enjoyed every one of her stories .
 Started off a bit slow but now I am hooked , not finished yet but cant wait for my next oppertunity to carry on with it
 I 've been reading Maeve Binchy 's work for years . I was looking for entertaining summer reading and could n't resist reading Silver Wedding -LRB- read it before , years ago -RRB- . Ms. Binchy gets into the characters ' heads and takes the reader along for the ride . Following the main female character through the story is entertaining ; you ca n't help but think `` I 'm glad she is n't in MY life ! '' I 've read everything that Maeve Binchy has written -LRB- I think -RRB- and this book is one of my favorites . If you enjoy her writing , then you have to read this one .
 I seldom keep books after I read them to minimize clutter . This book is great , reads quickly , but would recommend checking it out at the library over purchasing . Maeve Binchy never disappoints .
 Great read ! Maeve Binchy is a gifted writer . This book measures up with the best of them ! The characters come alive and feel like oldfriends . You will laugh and cry with them !
 Maeve Binchy is a great storyteller . All of her books are filled with character description and are definately page turners . The Silver Wedding took me by suprise the way each character had different views on the same events which is usually true in real life . This is the seventh book of Binchy 's that I have read and everytime I finish one , I ca n't wait to start the next . The Silver Wedding , although not my favorite of hers , lived up to my expectations of Bincy 's marvelous ability to telling a story . Definately recommende d as a summer read . -LRB- or anytime ! -RRB-
 Maeve Binchy , in her usual style , introduces us to her characters one-by-one . As we meet each character , their inner thoughts explain their relationships to each other , and to the activities that are happening in each individual 's life . This bittersweet tale is very realistic in explaining how and why people act in the strange ways that we all do . As we meet each person , the puzzle comes together and by the end the reader has a complete picture of the event , the thoughts , the preparation , and the cast of the Silver Wedding Party . This beautiful book may encourage us all to realize and respect the reasons for other people 's life-choices . We only know part of the story .
 This was only my 3rd book by Maeve Binchy , and compared to Evening Class and Echoes , Silver Wedding was n't near as entertaining . I feel that if Binchy made the novel a bit longer to allow for better character development , Silver Wedding would have been quite a page-turner . However , I enjoyed this book from beginning to end , and I will continue to read anything Maeve Binchy has in print .
 I 've just recently started reading Maeve Binchy . Silver Wedding strikes me as one of her more unique stories , one that goes out on a bit of a ledge.The book is comprised of something like 8 different parts ; each with it 's own narrator & we get a glimpse into that person 's life . We start out with the eldest daughter of the anniversary couple , Anna , and then to her two other siblings - Brenden & Helen . We also read about her parents and their friends . In the final part we see them all reunited for the anniversary party.The book was not exactly what I was expecting - it was n't really a very `` happy '' book . In fact , the stories inside it were quite sad & depressing . I did enjoy though what almost seemed like a book full of mini-stories all coming together at the end . So far it 's not my favorite of her 's , but I enjoyed it just the same .
 This book takes a typical family , examines its seperate members , and then provides a look at the whole with the knowledge of the secrets each member has.I enjoy Binchy 's style of writing interconnected stories that weave together . She pulled it off first in Lilac Bus and now Silver Wedding .
 I agree with some of the other reviewers that this was not her best novel . I would have rathered her write about only half the characters and go into more depth about those . I would get so into a story and then it would end , and the person would n't be heard of again until the anniversary celebration . I did like the part about the various invites to the party which had been answered , -LRB- Not a direct quote -RRB- - `` They would send flowers and a card , but would not attend , and that is the way it should be '' It was a quick read , though - great for a rainy weekend or a trip to the beach . Also try TARA ROAD - a good novel as well .
 Even though I did enjoy this book , I was disappointed in the way some of the characters stories were left hanging , such as Father Hurley 's nephew . What happened to him ? The character of Helen REALLY got on my nerves . But then , she was probably supposed to . Overall , though , it was a good read .
 This was only my 3rd book by Maeve Binchy , and compared to Evening Class and Echoes , Silver Wedding was n't near as entertaining . I feel that if Binchy made the novel a bit longer to allow for better character development , Silver Wedding would have been quite a page-turner . However , I enjoyed this book from beginning to end , and I will continue to read anything Maeve Binchy has in print .
 A thought provoking , funny , heart-warming story.Enough tied off ends to be satisfying yet enough loose ends to leave one wondering what would happen next .
 I purchased this book for a family member who is a fan of Maeve Binchy books . She enjoyed the book very much .
 This was good , but unlike most of MB 's novels , the characters were not developed enough for my taste . I felt like I did n't really connect with any of the characters . I enjoy her style though
 The story discripes all kind of people . Some people are kind and some people are bad .
 This was a wonderful reading experience .
 My mom is the Maeve Binchy reader in the family . She loves all her books . When I asked her how she liked this book , she said it was pretty good and written in the typical Maeve Binchy style . Hope you enjoy it as well !
 I found Silver Wedding to be on the better side of all of Binchy 's books , but not all that great . I had trouble choosing between a 3 & 4 for the stars but chose 4 because it was n't bad enough to be a 3 . It was good in the sense that there was a section foreach character & it all started to pull together . It did get boring sometimes , though & I did n't like the ending . Binchy does have a talent and it can make you feel like part of the book , sometimes loving or hating the characters . I would say , in the end , it was worth reading & enjoyable .
 What a beautiful , racous , shoot-them-up , exhilarating , galloping story ! The author did his research and spins a most believable tale of the old West . Characters like Pine Leaf , Spybuck and Dade are marvellous and unique . And the Indians truly come to life . Very enjoyable , indeed , plus quite a history lesson .
 i have been doing the i ching for over 20 - 25 years and this book is veryinformative and it gives other ways of divining that is not in thewilhelm baynes classic . i highly recommend it .
 Aptly subtitled `` After the fall of humanity '' , this tale is predictably dark . Humanoid aliens have invaded Earth , travelling in vast , intimidating arachnoid vehicles , causing the remnant population of Earth to take refuge in underground shelters . The protagonist is Esther , who breaks the unwritten law and braves the surface world . The result is a good , if rather depressing , story . Fans of Lee and of dark , post-apocalyptic fiction will want to check it out .
 `` Days of Grass '' is a shorter novel , but it packs a real punch . The storyline is dark , with enough twists and turns to keep your eyes glued to the page . The first half of the book is excellent . I found Esther a very headstrong and original character , and I think Tanith does a perfect job of making her characters as different and strange as possible . Her writing style is fantastic.The second half of the book is a bit slower through the turns , as it is the darker half of the book . While the ending was most definetly shocking , I found it a bit of a dissapointment , because I felt more should have happened ... yet I would most definetly recommend this book to any reader of Tanith Lee or other readers that prefer darker fantasies or sci-fi .
 No spiritual experience like the Flat Earth , but I was won over by Esther 's determination & vulnerability . A reminder of our humanity .
 SIEMPRE HE DISFRUTADO LOS TEMAS METAFISICOS . POR CONVICCIONES FAMILIARES Y EXPERIENCIAS PROPIAS SE QUE NUESTRO CAMINAR NUNCA TERMINA . NUESTRO DESTINO ES CRECER Y APRENDER DE LAS DIFERENTES ETAPAS QUE NOS CORRESPONDA `` VIVIR '' . POR LO TANTO , ES MUY ESTIMULANTE VER DESCRITAS POR OTRAS PERSONAS VIVENCIAS SEMEJANTES A LAS NUESTRAS . NO ES FACIL MANTENER LA CREDIBILIDAD Y RESPETO DE LOS EXCEPTICOS , CUANDO MANIFESTAMOS LO QUE SABEMOS ES CIERTO . LOS RELIGIOSOS SE HAN ENCARGADO DE ESTIGMATIZAR TODO LO QUE PUEDA CONSIDERARSE UN ATENTADO A SUS DOGMAS , YA QUE ESE CONOCIMENTO LES HARIA PERDER EL CONTROL ESTABLECIDO POR TANTOS SIGLOS MEDIANTE EL MIEDO . `` LA VERDAD NOS HACE LIBRES '' . NOS DA LA LIBERTAD DE ELEGIR LO CORRECTO MEDIANTE NUESTRAS PROPIAS EXPERIENCIAS , SIN IMPOSICIONES NI COACCION EXTERNA . LA SERIE DE LIBROS DEL DR. BRIAN WEISS ES MAGNIFICA . ABRE EL CAMINO DEL CONOCIMIENTO DE ESA OTRA `` VIDA '' DESPUES DE LA VIDA ENCARNADA Y NOS DA LA ESPERANZA DE QUE SIEMPRE PODREMOS ENMENDAR LO VIVIDO . TAMBIEN NOS PREVIENE DE HACER LO INCORRECCTO ANTE LA PERSPECTIVA DE QUE SIEMPRE DEBEREMOS PAGAR LAS `` DEUDAS ADQUIRIDAS '' .
 Este libro toca lo m&aacute;s profundo del alma , y nos da una nueva visi&oacute;n de nuestras vidas , qu&eacute; cosas son realmente importantes , habremos estado juntos antes con las personas que amamos ? Es un libro que habla del amor verdadero , de perd&oacute;n . En pocs palabras
 La compilacion que ofrece este libro sobre diversos fenomenos en diversas epocas , y por diversos sabios es algo que realmente pondria a pensar a muchos escepticos sobre el tema .
 Soy una fiel seguidora del Dr. Brian Weiss , he leido todos sus libros y cada uno ha sido una experiencia maravillosa . Muchas Vidas Muchos Sabios -LRB- o Maestros -RRB- nos abre las puertas a un mundo totalmente espiritual , nos hace perderle el miedo a la muerte pues es solo un periodo de transicion . Mi padre es medico , Cardiologo , y aun siendo un cientifico , por su profesion el ha tenido experiencias con pacientes que han sufrido paros cardiacos y han regresado relatando experiencias muy similares a las que se narran en este libro . Muchas Vidas Muchos Sabios llego a mis manos en el momento de una perdida muy dolorosa , mi hermana menor acababa de fallecer en un accidente de autos . Ese libro fue un consuelo increible en ese momento , llego a mi vida en el momento en el que mas lo necesitaba . Cada vez que algun amigo o conocido esta pasando por una experiencia similar , sin pensarlo compro una copia de este libro y se la obsequio . Por su lado , Lazos de Amor es el segundo libro mas hermoso que he leido . Nos ense & ntilde ; a que el amor es infinito y que nunca muere . Es lo unico que realmente vale , lo unico real . Recomiendo ambos libros al maximo , cambiaran la vida de los que lo lean !!!! GRACIAS DR. WEISS !!!
 Despues de leer este maravilloso libro mi manera de ver la vida es muy diferente , todo tiene sentido y gracias a estos conocimientos he podido ayudar a otras seres a vivir su vida con un proposito que es ser mejores cada dia para pasar de nivel en nuestro crecimiento espiritual ; este libro no es para aquellas personas que le tienen miedo a la verdad ; pero si te atrevez a leerlo te aseguro que tu vida jamas volvera a ser la misma.ATREVETE !!!
 In my opinion , this is the best book of Brian Weiss . It changed my perspective about life and it helped me to understand that we have a reason to live in this world ... and beyond .
 El primer libro del Dr. Weiss sigue siendo un gran libro para todos aquellos a quienes les inquieta el tema de la reencarnaci&oacute;n , as&iacute; no crean en ella .
 gives you answers to all those questions on how we fit in this great picture -- THE UNIVERSE -- provides lessons to follow so you can reach your next plane -- `` Peace is Love , and Love is WISDOM '' but did you know that WISDOM IS GOD ? That 's the answer . We are part of that superior being which is our superior self . Thank you Dr. Weiss . After having read Dr. Dick Sutphen , `` We were born Again to be Together '' and other books he 's written , not only did you confirm what he found but you took it a step further , The Masters gave us , through you , answers that I so much needed in order to progress from this plane to the next . Again , thank you !
 I bought this book for my mother and found it so interesting that i read it and then gave it to her.The book is about a patient of Dr. Weiss who goes to his office in order to eliminate some of her fears . Weiss not only helps her with the fears , but also discover that he has met her in other lifes . The most interesting part is that Weiss helps the patient , but the patient makes him see the life from other aspects and to value life even more.When you finish reading the book , you start to value life a whole more and start understanding a little bit more the things that occur around you
 Por mucho tiempo habia escuchado hablar de este libro pero recien lo lei hace poco tiempo , la verdad que lo recomiendo , es super interesante y sobre todo muy impresionante .
 El merito del Dr. Weiss reside en que fue pionero en la difusi&oacute;n de la creencia en la Reencarnacion en Occidente . En la epoca en que publico por primera vez su libro , la Reencarnacion era algo practicamente desconocido ; sin embargo el libro fue escrito en un estilo ameno y sencillo , pero a la vez era fascinante y revelador , que contradecia un sistema de creencias desde una pespectiva esperanzadora y que ofrecia ademas la oportunidad de crecer espiritualmente . Despues de el se han publicado quiza miles de libros sobre el tema . Pero hay que reconocer su valentia al difundir el fruto de sus investigaciones ante una sociedad donde los fundamentalistas cristianos tambien existen .
 Crea o no en la reencarnacion , este libro escrito por un psiquiatra de profesion , lo har&aacute; detenerse a pensar en esa posibilidad . Es posible que a lo largo de esta lectura surjan muchas preguntas que queden sin responder , pero es probable que continuen influyendo en lo que piensa sobre el mundo que nos ha tocado vivir . Despues de leerlo , le aseguro que nunca volvera a mirar su vida de la misma manera .
 gives you answers to all those questions on how we fit in this great picture -- THE UNIVERSE -- provides lessons to follow so you can reach your next plane -- `` Peace is Love , and Love is WISDOM '' but did you know that WISDOM IS GOD ? That 's the answer . We are part of that superior being which is our superior self . Thank you Dr. Weiss . After having read Dr. Dick Sutphen , `` We were born Again to be Together '' and other books he 's written , not only did you confirm what he found but you took it a step further , The Masters gave us , through you , answers that I so much needed in order to progress from this plane to the next . Again , thank you !
 I am satisfied with this product and service . The first time I received the book , it came damaged , it had a little stain on the book . But I reported it , and I was sent a replacement book within 2 days . It was truly great service . I am happy about my order . Would buy again , without a thought !
 super interesante el contenido de este libro , sobre todo por el respaldo cientifico del autor . Para leer este libro y no verlo como una obra de ciencia ficcion , recomiendo al lector interesado haber leido ates otros autores como Jhon Dyer , Deepack Chopra entre otros y no estar muy comprometido con los conceptos religiosos .
 Este libro ha sido uno de los mejores libros que he leido , soy adicta a la lectura y este libro me ayudo en muchas formas . Te ensena a analizar muchas cosas , a comprender otras con respecto a la vida y te lleva a tener una mente mas abierta cuando por ejemplo te pone a dudar si hay mas vidas ya que en algunas religiones eso es inconcebible.This book is one of the best books I have ever read , It makes you think and wonder about past life especially if you do not believe in that . I truly recommend this book .
 The seller 's description was very good and delivered what was purchased in a timely fashion .
 Este es el primer de un grupo de libros de Brian Weiss que me encantan , los otros son `` A traves de los Tiempos '' , `` Los Mensajes de Los Sabios '' y `` Lazos de Amor '' . Aunque ya lo habia leido lo compre como regalo para mi padre , quien esta con cancer terminal ...
 Diferentes y interesantes propuestas a lo largo de la historia y de diferentes personajes para alcanzar m&aacute;s sabidur&iacute;a . ''
 Muchas vidas muchos sabios , te ayuda a entender el proceso de nuestra alma en las diferentes etapas de nuestras vidas por medio de la reencarnacion . Simplemente nos ense & ntilde ; a que la muerte no es mas que otra estacion de nuestras vidas y que en ese momento es cuando las personas o sus almas realmente sabe con lo deberia haber cumplido , aprendido o ense & ntilde ; ado a los demas . El libro es muy intereresante !
 Very interesting , mucho mas para aquellos que creen en la atractiva idea de la reencancion .
 Brian Weiss ha dejado una magnifica guia para quienes no tienen mucha informacion acerca del Hipnotismo , La historia de Katerine es tan impresionante que podria ayudar a culquier persona que se ha hecho la pregunta mas de una vez sobre la continuidad de la vida .
 The Spanish version of Brian Weiss 's book , `` Muchas vidas , muchos sabios '' is even more intriguing to me than my English version . -LRB- La version del libro de Brian Weiss es aun mas intrigante para me que la version en Ingles . -RRB- For those who believe in reincarnation , this is a great book -LRB- Para aquellos que creen en la reincarnacion , este es un gran libro . -RRB-
 This is a classic book , not just about `` new age '' music -LRB- and all the negative connotations that embodies -RRB- but new music in general from electronic to world to folk to rock . John Schaefer , the host of radio 's program of the same name here provides an insight into all forms of new music , though admittedly it is a bit weak in the rock arena . Other than that this out of print book opens up new listening environments for those seeking them . If only it were updated .
 I encountered this book about 20 years ago , and it opened my eyes and my record collection to a whole new world of music . I have so much to thank John Schaefer for that I do n't know where to begin . I 've been waiting years for a new edition , but till it comes out this will have to do . If you have a bright teenager with an interest in unusual music , then they need this book NOW ! Otherwise , why not buy it for yourself ?
 I first bought this cookbook when I was a newlywed , almost 25 years ago . This cookbook has had it ALL for me ... when I wanted to make pancakes from scratch , I had it all . When I needed a bread but had no yeast , Navajo Fry Bread awaited me . When my hubby wanted doughnuts , I was able to give him New Orleans Doughnuts that were so much like the beignets I remembered from a family vacation.I have never failed to be able to find the perfect recipe for what I was looking for . The illustrations are nostalgic and the text is informative , giving a bit of a history lesson for those recipes rich in culture.The &#34; extras &#34; at the beginning of the cookbook are excellent ; * Emergency Substitutions -LRB- and who has n't been there ! -RRB- , * Food Equivalents that let you know how many or how much of a food you have to buy in order to get the amounts called for , * Oven Temperature Guide -LRB- how many degrees IS a &#34; slow oven &#34; after all !? -RRB- , * Deep Fat Frying temps , a guide and explanation of Candy/Syrup temps , * High-Altitude baking tips * Equivalent weights & measures * Herb & spice description and use * Blended Spices * Traditional MenusThe only thing that I would have liked to see would be a section on basic cooking/baking techniques and terms , but back then , folks knew how to do those things . Besides ... how big does a cookbook need to be !? This cookbook has followed me from California , to Missouri -LRB- 2 times -RRB- , Texas -LRB- 3 times -RRB- , Kentucky , Colorado , and now on our way to Bolivia ! lol ... NO , we are n't in the military ... we 're in the ministry and now we are going to the mission field of Cochabamba . I once thought I had lost the book and prayed for two years that I would find it ... and I DID ! God is SO good ! &#60; grin &#62; I know this book is out of print , but I sincerely hope that if you ever find one in a used book store or a garage sale , that you will buy it regardless of its condition .
 This is an interesting book that immediately caught my attention . From the first poem and throughout , each verse tells a story that seems to involve the reader at a very deep emotional level . There are some unique descriptions about the way a whole range of emotions are experienced through love . A different book , and good company on a quiet evening . Add it to your personal library .
 LaChris Jordan 's book , `` Musings of an Eccentric Dreamer '' is a book that describes life , love and happiness in its most descriptive moments . She touches the soul from a woman 's perspective . I am glad to have writing that hits home .
 This is a small book about big things , the things that matter most . Language and imagery combine to create the epic feel of a `` love story '' , one of cosmic proportions . Remarkably though it 's the big picture ideas that do not lose intimacy . These are personal poems of a journey that has clearly seen suffering , but come through with a triumphant optimism that we could all use more of .
 La'Chris Jordan 's ` Musings of an Eccentric Dreamer ' reflects the exploration of the author 's inner self . The poems illustrate the author 's metamorphosis to me . For the reader , the poems reveal an untutored voice with striking individuality . At stages it may seem naive , but it is that freshness which appeals more than anything . The collection of poems are about a wide range of emotions and events . It is a promise of more that will hopefully be fulfilled soon .
 Do not , under any circumstances , listen to the previous reviewer -LRB- fuzcat -RRB- regarding this book . It is an excellent collection of fast reading short stories written for the person who loves the Outer Banks of N.C. . If you have fallen under the spell of the OBX , get all of Whedbee 's books . I guarantee you will be planning your next visit !
 We bought the first of these books years ago when we were vacationing in the outer banks . They added mystery and magic to our vacations . Recently I read my favorite story to my grandchildren , who were there last year during Irene -LRB- we were evacuated -RRB- . As children do , they were n't listening to me at first , then dropped their Gameboys and listened intently . We always read them when we go to the OBX . Now , my children are grown , and trying to take my books ! Time for me to get them their own . I agree , if you love the outer banks , you 'll love them even more when you read these books . Whedbee 's love of North Carolina lore is catching .
 I purchaised this book while I was doing my Ph.D. . I am happy that I now have a chance to write about it . Few books on mathematics are so enjoyable to read as this one . It explains concepts with amazing clarity . It guides you through all the necessary mathematics and will infact motivate you to take up mathematics as your major . This book should never go out of print . The author has made a long standing contribution by writing this book . There will be thousands of students who will be appreciate this book for generations . I would say buy it , with your eyes closed . You will never regret it .
 I very much agree with the previous reviews . This book is a rare gem , a treasure , truly a work of art.It 's the finest and most enjoyable mathematics book I 've encountered to date , and that 's taking into account the existence of many excellent math books . Certainly among books specifically on applied mathematics , this book is uniquely valuable.The choice of topics , sequence of presentation , level of detail , use of examples , and clarity and elegance of exposition are all outstanding . Batschelet has crafted every chapter , section , paragraph , and even sentence with meticulous care and precision in the finest Swiss tradition.If you 've already studied mathematics through calculus , differential equations , probability , linear algebra , etc. , this book is an especially good resource to review it all via a single coherent book.To illustrate how much I cherish this book , I 've bought two copies -- one to read , and the other in case the first is damaged and the book goes out of print.If you love math , buy this book . If you just have an interest in math , buy this book and read it , and you may well come to love math .
 I would totally recomend this book . Unlike other books that are intended to be helpful for life scientists , i consider this book really useful if you are , for exaple a biologist , not only because it includes many good biological examples but unlike other maths books , every chapter is very clearly explained . It cover almost all the topics youll need as a biologist so its perfect for reviewing and understanding dificult topics . It is also a great help if you are a teacher finding easier ways for explaining some topics o finding more suitable exmples . Finally i would says this boook is excellent even for highschool students . So buy this book you wont regret .
 It has been difficult finding books about the actual battles of the Revolutionary War that interest my 8yo daughter , whose eyes glaze over at the talk of war , weapons , forts and the like . For example , The Matchlock Gun , which has been so dearly loved by boys for years was a total yawn for her . However , this story was an exception . I dare other parents to read it to their girls . Although this book is about weapons and war , the author ends each chapter with a teaser that had my daughter begging for just one more chapter each time that we read . There is also plenty of suspense , adventure , and character development to keep the interest of the child that is n't fascinated by weaponry the way that most boys are . It also helps to have handy some pictures of Revolutionary era mortars , cannons , Howitzers , etc. to give the child a visual of the convoy . I 'm surprised that there are n't more reviews for this book , as I 've heard several recommendations of it in homeschool circles . Other good Revolutionary War books and DVDs for like-minded children are the Childhood of Famous Americans series , and the Liberty Kids DVDs .
 A wonderful story for any kids interested in American history . Fun to read as a family too .
 This is a nice little book , well written , fun and informative . Good story for young and old .
 This book is a very good book . I incurage everybody to read it . It talks about all the trials and tribulations of going to get heavy copper , iron , and steal cannons taking them across a lake throught the wilderness over rocky turran and over all it 's a great book !
 This book was a great historical fiction !!! This book was about Colonel Knox and his journey to FT. Ticonderoga to get guns for general Washington . The story had lots of action and I would definitely recommend it to history lovers !!!!!
 Guns For General Washington is a great book because of the action and advenerture . Henry Knox , a patroit who goes to Fort Ticonderoga , a fort in New York that has at least 183 cannons , lead for bullets , flint for flintlock muskets . There were also mortars , a type of gun , howitzers , a another type of gun , and a cohorns , another type of gun . They , Henry and his brother and some others who help out , have to go 300 miles to Fort Ticonderoga from Boston and 300 miles back to Boston from Fort Ticonderoga.This takes place in Massachusetts and New York in 1775 and 1776 . The conflict is that General Washington is fighting a british general , General Howe , with no aritillery like cannons and gunpowder.This book has very good action and advenerture
 I read and review stories for young boys , because that 's what I have . This was a hugely successful book . It 's compelling to read aloud . Reit is a natural storyteller who paces the narrative very well with short chapters that appeal to little ones ' attention span . His language is pitched just right -- a few words had to be explained , but that stretches the young mind . And , it has the additional advantage of being a true story from our nation 's origins . Books for youngsters hardly ever get better than this . Highly recommended .
 This book was fascinating for myself and my children . We followed the trek of the big guns on a map and , living in New England , traveled over part of the route ! The details were vivid and the descriptions of how the guns were finally set up on Dorchester Heights in total secrecy is just amazing . We thoroughly enjoyed it !
 This is a fun book that should help your youngster develop an interest in American History . It is easy to read an has great illustratiions . You will not be disappointed with this purchase . Look for others by the same author .
 In this historical fiction book the story is told of how the colonists were able to keep the war going in the face of the British blockade of Boston harbor . The year was 1775 , the Revolutionary War was in its early stages , and the colonists were out of ammunition enough to not overthrow the British out of their city . With Boston Harbor blockaded , the colonists could not gain any ammunition , so colonist Henry Knox hears of Fort Ticonderoga stocked with ammunition and devises a plan with his brother Will to bring the guns back to General Washington in the middle of winter . I recommend this book to anyone interested in a historical war book .
 This was one of my favorite books assigned in school this year . I like the exciting adventures of this cannon trek from Fort Ticonderoga to Cambridge , MA . I liked how they crossed the ice with all of those big guns . When the last gun crossed , the ice cracked , but they were able to get the big gun out .
 In the cold winter of1775 , the American troops were stuck without ammunition , cannons or guns . So the American troops set out to look for left over guns in Ticonderoga . They had to go through lots of trouble to get there ! The British had tons of weapons , so they were ready !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Read this book to see if the American soldiers survive the long trip to Ticonderoga.In Guns For General Washington the book takes place in 1775 -LRB- in Boston -RRB- . It 's very cold outside and it is old in Ticonderoga . Paul Revere is 15 years old . Paul 's parents move , but Paul decides to stay and keep the house protected.I give this book a five star ratting because it is very cool and it has lots of description ! I would recommend this book to anyone that likes to know about wars and likes action !
 THIS BOOK WAS A VERY DETAILED AND CURIOUS BOOK . IT GAVE YOU ALL OF THE DETAILS NEEDED TO FIGURE OUT HOW THE STORY GOES . USUALLY WHEN I READ A BOOK I STOP IN THE MIDDLE BECAUSE IT IS TOO BOARING , BUT I READ THROUGH TIS ENTIRE BOOK . IT ALWAYS FINDS SOMETHING TO FOCUS ON SO IT DOESN NOT LOOSE YOUR INTREST.IT MAKES YOU REALIZE JUST HOW MANY PEOPLE RISK THEIR LIFES TO MAKE SURE THAT YOU ARE SAFE .
 In the cold winter of1775 , the American troops were stuck without ammunition , cannons or guns . So the American troops set out to look for left over guns in Ticonderoga . They had to go through lots of trouble to get there ! The British had tons of weapons , so they were ready !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Read this book to see if the American soldiers survive the long trip to Ticonderoga.In Guns For General Washington the book takes place in 1775 -LRB- in Boston -RRB- . It 's very cold outside and it is old in Ticonderoga . Paul Revere is 15 years old . Paul 's parents move , but Paul decides to stay and keep the house protected.I give this book a five star ratting because it is very cool and it has lots of description ! I would recommend this book to anyone that likes to know about wars and likes action !
 appears to be a great book for my 5th grader who loves history . i am sure that he will be able to discuss with his class . Good purchase
 Consulting the Wise is a compilation of simulated interviews with great Torah scholars . The direct quotes from their writings focus on practical ways to enhance your life in many areas.The wise counsel of the Ralbag , Vilna Gaon , Rabbi Moshe Chayim Luzzatto , Rabbi Chayim of Volozhin , the Chofetz Chayim , Rabbi Simsha Zissel of Kelm , and ten other scholars , are a treasury of wisdom that will help develop positive traits , improve relationships , master positive emotions , and elevate the quality of mitzvah observance . The interview format brings their ideas to life.Drawing upon his counseling experience , Rabbi Pliskin has added comments that will enable you to internalize the concepts and apply them . Reading and rereading this book will generate thoughts and images that you will find beneficial now and in years to come .
 Arie de Gues is known to some management students as the person whose research spurred Peter Senge to do work on the `` learning Organisation '' . In this book Arie talks about the evolving notion of the organization as a living being , instead of just an `` economic entity '' whose main purpose of existence is to survive , fulfill its potential , and to become great . Plain talking and cutting free from jargon , Arie illustrates this idea with examples from his career in Royal Dutch Shell and the studies Shell had carried out on long lasting and big organizations -LRB- they found only around 40 odd !! -RRB- . This book needs to read by entreprenuers , business people and academicians to look at their organizations as some thing else apart from a money making machine ! Revolutionary !!
 Arie de Geus is probably the most unique business thinker around . He combines the pragmatism of someone who had a very successful career at Shell with the curiosity of a talented academic . Behind this unique perspective is a deep appreciation for people . Most of us automatically relate to organizations like Newton related to the natural world , as one big physical mechanism . We casually talk about `` aligning parts of the organization '' , `` operating in organizational smokestacks or silos '' , and `` fixing communications channels '' . Mr. de Geus helps us learn to think about organizations from the natural perspective , as living organisms , subject to many of the same limitations and forces as individual people are . When you read this book , you will become a much better and more effective person in all parts of your life . You will also feel better about yourself , and make those around you feel better about themselves . Read THE LIVING COMPANY today . This book is a wonderful gift to us all !
 If I have to stay with only one business book in my shelf -LRB- I have more than 300 in the last count -RRB- , the living company would be this book . My review will be more emotional I think . This is so , because the way this book touched me . I read it three times and some time think I have to read it again.This is a very similar with the `` Built to last '' , one of the bestsellers of Amazon . If you liked that book this will be an excellent complement of your reading and thoughts.Perhaps this is the book that a Startup 's CEOs should had read before launch their enterprise , because one of the characteristic of a living company is that they are conservative in their finances.De Geus wrote a book that it is not limit to a period of time like recent books dot com books . By this I mean that you can go back to it and reapply its contents in your business reality again and again.An import thing to say is that this is a book of principles , not rules or easy steps to success . Although the author is going to show you that there is a pattern in all the living company , he goes beyond that , showing the root that origin these patterns . The principles was constructed by observing companies , specially Royal Doutch/shell , were Arie de Geus worked for many years , but with the help of other disciplines like psychology and biology , which study the behavior and life of humans and animals . To discuss about innovation for instance , you will observe how a specie of bird is very smart to pass a learning to the whole specie . And to understand how we react or anticipate an external change in our business , it will be useful to look some psychology 's theories about the human mind , and so on.Don ' t think this is a book for academic public , it is not . You will find not only theories but many examples and cases of the thesis of De Geus . But it is different , I think , of the recent business book . Some times it seems so easy to look a successful company today and says `` look , this is what you have to do in your company '' . A couple of years ago you could find many books explaining why Netscape was so great . Where are Netscape now ? . It would not pass in the test of time.So if you are only worried to make your money no matter what is going to happen to your company , this is not a book for you . Probably you are Jim Clark type . Read the new , new thing instead . But if you thing that management is more than stock options -LRB- I said more . I am saying that is a consequence not the only objective -RRB- , if you believe the every company must have a reason to exist , if you believe the people are important , than I guarantee , you gon na like this book , tell me about
 Arie de Geus 's premise - that there are two kinds of companies
 This book really resonates with my philosophy that we can all accomplish a lot more by coordinating , communicating , sharing , and preparing together . Mr. de Geus frees each of us to be fully human , and to humanize the organizations we are part of . He successfully challenges the limits of the mechanical view of human interactions , and provides a great vision into what is possible . A good complement for this book is `` The 2,000 Percent Solution '' -- a book that shows each of us how to tap into our innate talents to create world-class solutions through asking and answering a better set of questions . I also recommend `` The Pursuit of Prime . '' With these three books , you can accomplish anything !
 Companies die all the time . The current business climate favors short term profit over long term survival , and most companies do n't adapt fast enough . De Geus explains why this is , and what we can do about it , but what makes this book an essential read is that he gives us a new way of looking at organizations and the meaning of work.The problem is that , in management , you get what you reward . This is a well-known truth and explains the dysfunction we see in most companies . As de Geus puts it , `` The difficulty lies in our definition of corporate success ... the dominant school of thought in business administration measures success purely in terms of quantity
 This has become a bible in my consulting practice especially the impacts of Economic vs Stewardship models in business . This book provide tremendous insight and motivation for getting beyond the burn out many of us experience in corporate life today.The stewardship approaches discussed and evidence supporting their viability demonstrate how any level of management can have an impact that will far out last their tenure with any firm.One key element that could be developed , is how to utilize the stewardship model within an Economic modeled organization .
 I enjoyed reading this book very much - not only from the strategic exploration standpoint.On top of sharing his own personal and professional experiences of applying the strategies in Royal Dutch/Shell group , the author gives an excellent explanation about our innate human ability to strategise , since our caveman days . Once you understand his explanation , you will begin to realise why scenario building is quite a piece of cake.Neverthesless , I would strongly recommend readers to read this book in conjunction with Peter Schwartz 's The Art of the Long View . The reason is this
 To understand more about development of organizations to me its a good book . Fairly good readeble and stil actual . Basic principals never change .
 Arie provides a very good picture of companies that have sustained centuries of change . His research reveals what makes them click and what they aare doing that others are not doing . Some of his insights are packaged within the context of a company that truly has life time employment which some of us can not even imagine . His experiences in management and leadership will not necessarily ring true to many of us . Many of us simply will never have the opportunites that he has had . On the other hand , the work that he captures is excellent on sustainability and I highly recommend that if sustainability in business is an interest to you , that you read this book .
 This book should be as instructive to economists as it is to students of business.Formal economics has , for a long time , seen the company as a sort of black box which sits uneasily within a neo-classical framework of equations . The joint stock corporation exists much to the frustration of those mathematical modellers who would preferably wish it away.Some progress to it 's understanding has been achieved through developments in behaviourable and institutional economics as well as through the work of Ronald Coase but to may the company remains somewhat of an enigma.The imperative behind this work is to examine why some firms exist for longer than others and the author draws on work in Royal Dutch Shell and other business stuies to develop an almost biological theory . Much of the argument is intuitively attractive and matches our day to day experience . We see how the shorter lived companies are closer to an economic portrayal where short-term profits are the top priority and where these are effectively syphoned off rather than invested back in the enterprise . In contrast the longer lasting corporation has almost entrepreneurial attributes where profit maximisation takes second place to profitability over a medium to longer term approach.What I find particularly interesting about this case study , as I perceive it , is the relevance of the notion of catallaxy . `` Friedrich Hayek used the term Catallaxy to describe as `` the order brought about by the mutual adjustment of many individual economies in a market '' . -LRB- wikipedia -RRB- From this perspective , the market is an exchange process which is a much broader conception than the limited notion of economy . From this understanding , any exchange between individuals is part of a market order so that a firm can be properly understood as a network of exchge relations which is in itself involved in a bigger set of market relations.Re-examining the two examples yields , firstly , the profit maximising economic firm where the network is a short-term association of individuals each affected by short-term considerations which result in low wages but low or poor levels of productivity . This type will be a relatively brief participant in an economic cycle prone to changes in developments in technology or to changes in fashion where any innovative ideas will be absorbed through takeover . The factors of production involved will be relatively mobile but cheap in price as they will not have achieved any great learning or embodied knowledge.In contast the long-term enterprise will have relatively high factor values , engage in research and development and will persist in time.What this book illustrates very well , aside from the total failure of the economics establishment to provide a fim analytical framework of the existance of such bodies , is theneed for a broader conception of the reality of the world . This indicates a need for a reappraisal of the view of economics as a hard science to one drawing more from the biological sides and to look beyond the notion that markets are all about a particular limited set of prices.This is an excellent book which is suitable for everyone who has an interest in the world around us .
 In reading a business book , so many of us are seeking competitive advantage for our respective businesses in the form of a new strategy , tactic , policy or any combination of the preceding three elements . This book however is bigger than simply the above elements , as it describes a business philosophy . Arie de Geus is a respected business scenarioist and strategist . He developed his craft over many years in a leading multinational organisation and therefore is well equipped to talk about globalism and evolution . This book passes on that craft in the form of a circumspect view from a man consumate in the art of business . He proposes that businesses be
 I am re-reading the book , and was compelled to share my love and appreciation of the deep understanding and unique approach to organizations and to the ways of dealing with change offered by Arie de Geus.I 'm undergoing through deep change in my life ; my business is growing and changing . The book gives courage , foresight , support , tools and a map both to pass through the process holistically , and take responsibility for the future . I see how my whole company is taking responsibility for its future . I give credit for this movement to the ideas and concepts laid out the the book .
 This is a must read for all those people who are interested in the subject of organizational learning . The book illustrates clearly the challenges companies face in encouraging its employees to learn . Also , it provides a lot of examples and strategies from Shell . Overall , it is an excellent for a any person , even if they are not in a managerial position in a company . If the reader is such a position , then this is a must read .
 In reading a business book , so many of us are seeking competitive advantage for our respective businesses in the form of a new strategy , tactic , policy or any combination of the preceding three elements . This book however is bigger than simply the above elements , as it describes a business philosophy . Arie de Geus is a respected business scenarioist and strategist . He developed his craft over many years in a leading multinational organisation and therefore is well equipped to talk about globalism and evolution . This book passes on that craft in the form of a circumspect view from a man consumate in the art of business . He proposes that businesses be
 In reading a business book , so many of us are seeking competitive advantage for our respective businesses in the form of a new strategy , tactic , policy or any combination of the preceding three elements . This book however is bigger than simply the above elements , as it describes a business philosophy . Arie de Geus is a respected business scenarioist and strategist . He developed his craft over many years in a leading multinational organisation and therefore is well equipped to talk about globalism and evolution . This book passes on that craft in the form of a circumspect view from a man consumate in the art of business . He proposes that businesses be
 Arie is one of those few of us that has a privileged mind . Although his experience and knowledge are undoubtful , Arie has a sort of wisdom that makes him different from other brilliant people . I was very pleased when I knew he has written a book . Since I 've had the chance to work with him and learn from him at Shell Brasil , I 've been wondering about how his ideas could reach other people that were n't as lucky as I was . This book is the missing opportunity for those who face organizations as something more than a money-making machine ; for those who care about the future , although linked to the current reality ; for those who , although must survive , perceive humans as the main assets of mankind ; for those who , besides everything , perceive human life as an infinite process of knowledge searching as a road to a never reached wisdom .
 Really hits home with a clear explanation on why companies fail . I was taken by the accuracy of what happens to companies living the economic model , after they go through a downsizing . His core premise of the company being a collection of human communities is right on . It is the first work which I have read that `` humanizes '' the corporate entity by calling it what it really is . A look at corporations beyond the bean-counter would be an appropriate sub-title for this work .
 Arie De Geus turns on its head the idea that companies must go through stages of life and eventually mature and fade away . Instead , those that really succeed constantly adapt , having conserved the resources to allow that to occur . You will develop new ideas about how to help your company succeed . The book also explains how and why scenario planning began , and how critical it is to being ready to adapt to the changing environment . With today 's increasing volatility in business , resources and world economies , this book should be required reading .
 I will say that the concept this book adds of `` playing with future '' is the utmost importance for many of us who were tough by experience to survive and keep it running . The most important thing about work is to get it done ... if not ... it equals all us . . we all lose That does not help a lot any organization . This books deals about how to get it done self sustained and fruitfull
 For the health care business , this is a time of tremendous change and discontinuity . The approach shown in this book seems to be the most useful of any that I have seen in the -LRB- many -RRB- strategy books I 've read , because it acknowledges the fact that we ca n't tell what 's going to happen and gives a way to deal with the resulting environment.If you really decide to go with his techniques , I strongly recommend that you also buy `` Scenarios
 The author is seen by enthusiasts of socialist capitalism , also known as Rhineland capitalism , as a sort of guru . He preaches that a company is a living entity , whose main aim is to perpetuate itself , regardless of shareholder , or even stakeholder , interest.I have no use for this type of thinking . The interesting contribution he makes is the concept of the `` memory of the future '' , which any organization can use to better prepare itself for whatever comes in the future .
 From introduction to ending this work is one that kept me interested and coming back for more . Lundberg 's writings mentally transport readers to experiences and places that quickly spring to life . The book engendered mental pictures that demanded my attention and created a storyline that melded both old and new into an experience that evoked strong memories and visions of bustling cities , ancient fortresses , and brightly colored umbrella topped tables lining village streets . I could almost feel the humidity and heat as he revealed a place and a time that has reverberated throughout history . Ulysses has never been recounted like this ! And , the story with its modern approach to describing the people of Greece and the ` Greek Experience ' is right on the money !
 With the exception of the movie `` O Brother Where Art Thou , '' I had n't thought about Homer and Greek mythology since I had my own unpleasant odyssey through Margaret Hamilton 's classic in high school . At the time , I thought it was torture . I did n't care to hear about the gods ever again . Now I know that reaction was one of youthful ignorance . Dr. Lundberg 's book was a tantalizing invitation to revisit my thinking . I have only traveled as far as Italy , but I am now determined to get to Greece . I hope that Dr. Lundberg is in the midst of writing his next book . I want to know more about Phodas , Angela , Minos , and especially Vasso and the children . Now that I am hooked , tell me more !
 I like the mainstream of travel books , but I 've never seen one designed quite this way . The author has woven a plain-language retelling of parts of Homer with descriptions of the modern Greeks as he came to know them . Fair play to the author
 David Lundberg takes the reader on a magical and mysterious tour ... first , into ancient mythical Greece and after that , into her vibrant cities , dry arid countrysides and verdant colorful islands . The author reveals the unique and distinctive characteristics of this dynamic Mediterranean country . The reader visits tavernas , drinks a glass of retsina , nibbles on delicate honey sweetened pastries , rides the ferry boat from mainland Greece to nearby islands , soaks up the warm Mediterranean sun , marvels at the many shades of blue , azure and aquamarine colored waters of the Aegean Sea ... dips the toes into its cool clear water and even dances a zeibekiko . The reader meets lively people of all ages on this amazing tour of an ancient land and learns many fascinating historical and religious truths . Most interesting to this reader was the settlement history of the island of Cephalonia and the conversion of the Corinthians to Christianity by St. Paul . The author is well read and intersperses carefully gleaned information and insights from such authors as Edith Hamilton , who wrote `` The Greek Way '' and Nikos Kazantzakis who wrote `` Zorba the Greek '' and `` Journey to the Morea '' , two of his many famous works ... The author reveals how the nation weathered many storms literally and figuratively which strengthened the spirit of the people who developed an almost fierce optimistic independence balanced with humor and faith.This superbly crafted book captures the essential nature and qualities of the Greek people and their dynamic personalities . Like the captain of a sailing vessel , the author navigates the reader through the calm and tempestuous waters of Greece 's past and present through carefully chosen words and photographic word images which describe unique people and places . The reader is taken on a historical and pleasure tour of places such as Cephalonia , Lefkas , Zakynthos , Corinth , Aegina , Corfu , famous parts of Athens , and also to northern Greece , to Edessa and Kavala . After finishing this book , this reader has a desire to share the photographic impressions and wonderful discoveries learned on this magnificent argosy ... the experiences and events are unforgettable.The marvelous Greek legend about Ulysses , who goes to Troy to fight for Helen , because he pledged his word while he leaves behind his wife and child , who must fend for themselves at home , during his long absence is an allegory which many modern day Greeks live and relive one generation after the other . They have a deep longing to return home after any absence no matter what the cause for their leaving . The desire to return home was the main driving force responsible for Ulysses survival during his ardouous journey and meanderings on different islands . This book will appeal to arm-chair travellers as well as those who have literally visited many parts of the world ; it makes no difference if one visited Greece or not . The book provides a distinctive and clear message about the Greek culture but most importantly about the strength , resiliency and friendly independent spirit of the Greek people . Erika Borsos -LRB- erikab93 -RRB-
 This book masterfully utilizes historic references as a framework for introducing the reader to modern day Greece and Greek culture . The life and journey of Ulysses as told in Part One is understandable and exciting ! It is instructive and pleasant . Having little prior knowledge about Greek history or Greece , this tale allowed me to connect more fully to the unique islands , people , and experiences described in Part Two . After reading Olympic Wandering I am inspired to embark on my own odyssey to Greece .
 Part One . Troy remains the only challenger to the Greek domination of the seas . However , most believe that the city-state is starting to show flab and the time to end their control of the Hellespont that links the Aegean to the Black Sea is soon . When Trojan Prince Paris allegedly abducts the beautiful Helen , Greek ruler Menelaus has his excuse to take the city . Ulysses agrees to help though he believes that Helen went willingly with her lover . Thus the lengthy Trojan War has begun * -LRB- short blip in this book -RRB- . This is a terrific retelling of Ulysses ' Odyssey that Homer and mythological fans would appreciate , as readers tour the islands with the great champion , on his quest , as a guide.Part Two . Author David Lundberg follows much of Ulysses '' travelogue to see how much of the spirit of the great king and his peers still live in modern day Greece . Readers will enjoy the insightful tour that could stand on its own as a fine guide to the Greek islands.OLYMPIC WANDERING is an entertaining unique look at the Greek culture that will elate readers with its use of Ulysses to tell about the glorious past and tracking his trek to relate a deep look at modern Greece . Imitation being the greatest form of flatter ; this reviewer expects to see similar combos of tale and a travelogue as the pairing at least by a talented writer like Mr. Lundberg makes sense while educating and entertaining.Harriet Klausner
 Once in a while , a book comes along that makes you * sigh * . OLYMPIC WANDERING is such a book for me . I spent 3 lovely summer months in Greece when I was too young to appreciate the gift I had been given.David Lundberg shows me the Greece I missed . And he makes me want to go back ` home ' again.The Ulysses parallel did n't quite click for me , but it 's been a long time since I 've read the classics , so maybe the subject was just over my head and beyond my reach.When Lundberg talkes about swimming in the inky blue water , I can feel the sun and the salt and I can see the beauty of the Greek coast.Enjoy !
 I was told to read this book by a friend and enjoyed it thoroughly . I could n't put it down . The way it mixes in Homer 's works , with his own experiences and travels is very original and works wonderfully . Being Greek I can safely say the author got us just right . He seems to love the country and the people . My only negative -LRB- ish -RRB- comment is that I wanted more , but I guess that can be said about every good book . Highly reccomended and ca n't wait to read his next book !
 This was an interesting and engrossing book about Greece -LRB- including its surrounding islands -RRB- which helps connect the historical world of Ancient Greece with the scenery and people found there today . -LRB- Reading it with a map or atlas handy would definitely enhance the experience -RRB- . The first half retells the story of Odysseus and his journey to Troy , with a special emphasis on the sites as we know them today -LRB- great for those preparing for a trip to Greece - especially if you 're interested in getting a handle on the names and significance of the various islands -RRB- . The second half emphasizes personal stories of the author 's own travels and visits to Greece which bring to life its land , people , personality and culture of Greece.Fascinating and enjoyable !
 Like the character Homer Thrace , in the classic 1960 movie `` Never on a Sunday , '' the American arm-chair philosopher , enamored of the ancient Athenians , and baptized in the waters of Edith Hamiltonian awe for the Grecian ideal , is , inevitably , in for a bit of a let-down when he finally visits Greece . Rather than the serene beauty and Hellenic rationality of Winckelmann or Keats , he finds Athens , a loud , dirty , overcrowded metropolis and the modern Greek , a vaguely oriental -LRB- owing to years of Turkish dominance ? -RRB- and wildly exotic person of irrepressible passions , more Alcibiades than Agathon it seems . Certainly it is an exciting place and an endearing people , but , he wonders , how does it , and they , relate to the Greece he thought he knew from school-days ? David Lundberg draws the connection . Tracing the travels of Ulysses -- with some side excursions to the sites and sights made famous in Herodotus and Thucydides -- Lundberg takes us through modern Greece pointing out how the rugged land and never-far-away sea continue to shape the Greek character as much today at in time of Homer . We see that character , as individualistic as the thousand or more Greek isles , in the Homeric heroes , in the inventors of democracy , and in the modern Greek on the street -LRB- perhaps driving a taxi -RRB- ready to hold forth on his individual pet theories . And we see the modern Greek , like Ulysses , ever restless until he rests in his beloved and incomparable Greece .
 While reading the book I found myself traveling along every page , visiting the Greek islands and walking alongside Ulysses in his long journey . In this journey , I explored the different sides of Greeks and how even today their strong sense of self emerges in their daily lives . The book creates a bridge between the past and the present revealing that Ulysses journey to come back home represents our own desire to attain fulfillment .
 Three months ago on my trip to Europe I had the good fortune to take along Lundberg 's book , OLYMPIC WANDERING . What a pleasure it was to read this travelogue of adventure ! It has been quite a while since I started reading a book and did not want to put it down.The first part of the book depicts historic aspects of how -LRB- Odysseus -RRB- Ulysses tried to find Achilles , a very important warrior for the upcoming war against Troy , and his ten-year peril to return back home to Ithaca after the ten-year war.In part two of the book , it was a joy to follow Lundberg to the various Greek Islands and other parts of Greece , describing in a very personal and unique manner and with such good taste his travels during the years he resided in Greece . On occasion masterfully bringing us back to ancient times in order to bring a point across.OLYMPIC WANDERING is a must book to read !
 This story tells of the buildup , and aftermath of the Great Trojan War , as seen the the eyes of Ulysses . Most of the first part of this short , but interesting book , tells of the search for Achilles , a famed warrior of Greece . supposing that they could not defeat Troy without him , Ulysses , and his fellow Greek warrior seek for him , to accompany them on their merry adventure.What the author lacks in detailed description of the many battle scenes -LRB- as I 'm sure this was his intent-for that you will have to read Homer 's Illiad , and Odyssey -RRB- he makes up for , in his description of Greece , it 's people , beautiful land , and it 's gods , and how they fit into today 's modern Greek society.The Trojan War is handled in one short paragragh , and Ulysses ' adventures on his return home , and battle to recapture his house , wife , and family from ilicit suitors is also glossed over , which is why I gave this book 4 , instead of 5 stars . Even so , he directs you to books you can read in greater depth on this subject , and you still find the story interesting , and more than worth your few hours reading time.Indeed , anyone traveling to Greece for the first time , should read this book on the plane , or boat ride over , if they want to get a great taste of the land they are about to embark upon .
 Professor Lundberg had me from the first two sentence -- `` The gods ordained this country for individualism . The geography demands it '' -- because I wanted to see how he would prove this provocative premise , and he did . His love of Greece -- ancient and modern -- comes through on every page and makes one envious of his passion . Kudos , Professor .
 A combination of travelogue , autobiography , and retelling of Greek history
 David Lundberg skillfully blends classic Greek lit with modern culture and brings the country home to travel fans , armchair historians , and literature readers . A delightful blend of old and new , ancient and modern , historical and contemporary that everyone can enjoy , especially those studying The Iliad and The Odyssey in the classroom . Highly recommend .
 Just as no one would try to understand the American character without learning about George Washington , it 's impossible to understand the Greek character without knowing something of Ulysses.Lundberg adds a third factor , a wife who was born in Greece where he served after graduating from the US Air Force Academy . The combination serves him well ; his first sentence sums up the whole meaning of Greece and the USA , `` The gods ordained this country for individualism '' . Sometimes we best recognize ourselves in the portrait of another ; in this book , the rampant individuality of the Greeks within a strong cultural framework presents an interesting parallel to the US . If it 's read merely as a travelogue , the book is interesting for anyone planning a visit . But it is more ; again and again , without tiresome comparisons being made , it is also a reflection of American attitudes.Democracy in America was built on two foundations ; first , that of centuries of English individualism , and second , a study and appreciation of the basics of Greek democracy from the age of Pericles . It is much more than the spirit of ` Zorba ' and ` Never on Sunday ' , Lundberg delves into the Greek love of personal freedom from the Trojan War to independence from Turkey.Even though he is a scholar , he writes with the calm skill and clarity of a friend rather than the precise obfuscation of a pedant . The usual travel books emphasize objects , from ancient monuments to modern taxi fares ; this book offers a clear introduction to the spirit and attitude of the Greeks . It is a nice introduction to the ` Iliad ' and ` Odyssey ' , as well as classics such as ` The Greek Way ' by Edith Hamilton.Most books emphasize the landscape and monuments and weather and other such abstractions , with the result the depth of insight for many tourists is limited to `` saw the Acropolis , it was nice '' . Read this and you 'll come home with the warm feeling `` saw the Acropolis , the Greeks are wonderful people '' . And , for those who do n't travel , there will be an increased appreciation of America . Think of the fate of this country without ` Ulysses ' -- as in Ulysses S. Grant . Lundberg does n't offer such comparisons ; but , this book is likely to unleash any reader 's imagination and insight .
 Before I start let me warn you that Greece is one of the two nations I wish to visit one day . The other nation is Japan . So I 'm already kind of a lover of Greek history and culture even before I cracked open the book.Even if I had known nothing about Greece and its people Olympic Wandering would have been a delight to read . The author , David Lundberg , links the past of ancient Greece to the people of modern Greece by telling us the story of Ulysses 's travels . But he uses the story to show us the culture and traditions that Greece has held and kept over the centuries . Greece has been able to keep itself together , even with invasions in the form of real armies and the more troublesome invasion of globalization , over those centuries.It is like exploring the roots of the tree . Ancient Greece , and the legends it brought us , hold the seeds of the warm , living Greece of today . Ruins might stand on the hill tops but the people keep the islands and mainland alive by just being themselves.And he can show it to us because he is now a part of it - seeing it through American eyes but with a Greek heart.I enjoyed , more than anything else , the chapters on the Greek people . Having been to Italy and Spain I can picture the warmth from the sun , the calm sea , the home cooked food and the untouched landscape.The book is not just about history nor is it some kind of tour book . It is a dialogue about the soul , the spirit , that makes up Greece and its only flaw is that one ca n't truly understand the Greece the author loves without one day going there.Get it new or used , but get it .
 After reading Professor . Lundberg 's book it is difficult not to agree with his love for everything Greek ! The author has spent much of his adult life in Greece and has a Greek wife , so he definitely knows what he is talking about.After a brief introduction where he describes the impact Greece had on him when he first arrived Professor Lundberg tells us how deeply rooted modern Greek culture is in the ancient Greek culture of the Homeric heroes . The first part of the book is about the hero Ulysses and how he travelled * to * Troy , and in the second part of the book the author and his family follows in the footsteps of Ulysses in modern Greece . Even though a lot has changed over the millenia , the landscapes and the culture are still more or less the same . The sea , the cliffs , the friendly and curious people , the food , the wine , and the fierce individualism of the Greek people.In Greece , in contrast to the rest of the Balkans , history is not divisive , or a weapon . for the Greeks it is a uniter , somehing that makes them comfortable with their own identity . Remember that Greece has a history at least as turbulent as the rest of the Balkans with foreign occupation , war , civil war , military dictatorships , and politicians as corrupt as any ! There should be a lesson for us all here.The book is not a travel guide as such , but it will help a traveller who wants to get more than just the standard tourist sights .
 There are so many reasons to recommend this fine book that it is difficult to pare them down to a simple review . David Lundberg is a fine writer for starters
 This book combines the mythology/history of the Trojan War and Ulysses ' attempts to return to his kingdom with the Modern Greek nation and people . The `` abduction '' of Helen is the flash point that leads to war between the Greeks and Trojans , but the geopolitical situation made the war inevitable . Troy was in a position where it could control a lucrative trade route to the Black Sea , which was damaging Greek commerce . The Greeks found it very difficult to agree on whether to go to war and who was to contribute , but in the end , they were united enough to send a fleet.As is chronicled in the Iliad , and recounted here in modern terminology , the war was a long one . Lundberg occasionally breaks in with additional material describing what the region is like now . Many Greeks died before Troy fell and those who survived were permanently scarred . Ulysses attempts to return home and his adventures , chronicled in the Odyssey , are also retold using modern terminology . Lundberg describes the regions where he traveled , making educated guesses about the location if he is not certain.The final segment of the book is about the travels of Lundberg through the modern Greek nation . He describes the people , their passions , beliefs and role in the world . It is an excellent explanation of how Greeks view life and the world.It is impossible to understate the role of ancient Greece in the rise of the Western World . While it was not democracy as we know it , the government of ancient Greece was more democratic than any seen in the Western world for centuries . Greece is also where reason and logic first became paramount in the thought processes of humans . During this time , reasoning became abstract and ideas such as the perfect circle became part of mathematical terminology . This book is a joy to read and a modern recapitulation of two of the greatest works of the literature of Western Civilization .
 David Lundberg has written a remarkable book . OLMPIC WANDERING is a unique work . It first tells the story of Ulysses , a story we all know from our study of Western Civilization . Then , Dr. Lundberg takes his book on the freshest of twists . He traces the journey Ulysses took , except he traces it in our time . As he travels with us around the spectacular land of Greece , the reader is treated to an amazing experience through the eyes of an accomplished gentleman author . The reader sees Greece as it has never before been revealed . While I have not traveled to that region of the world since the millennium flipped , I thoroughly enjoyed David Lundberg 's travel memior/historical novel . It is a fanstatic book that I recommend highly for every reader .
 A beautifully written , easy to read , informative book about a unique country . Not only did I thoroughly enjoy every page , I received an education as Dr. Lundberg explores the Greek islands , the gods from the past including the journey of Ulysses , and acquaints us with the people as he time travels from past to present.I want to thank Dr. Lundberg for recommending his book to me via Amazon friends . This is one country I have not visited during my armchair travels with good books and fortunately I obtained it , read it with pleasure , will share it , and highly recommend it to readers who want to enjoy a `` different '' type of travelogue of adventure.The portrayal of Greece with its deep blue skies , numerous islands , independent , hospitable and attractive people , and rich history is a masterpiece . I only wish it were a few hundred pages longer !
 Olympic Wanderings is an excellent travel book . David Lundberg describes in such detail the geography , history , food , and people of Greece in just under 200 pages . I truly felt that I was travelling through the islands of Greece while reading this book . I pictured myself drinking some Greek wine called restina on the coast of Cape Sounion and eating some sweet pastries at a paticcera or sweetshop on the island of Cephalonia . I imagined looking at the beautiful Zante style arches of the buildings on the island of Zakynthos.The first part of Olympic Wanderings is about the life and travels of King Ulysses of Ithaca . Lundberg explains how Ulysses was recruited to fight in the war against the Trojans by King Agamemnon and Menelaus . His wife Helen was captured by the Trojan prince Paris . This is the central conflict of the Trojan War , and I think Lundberg explains this very easily in a way I wish my teachers did.Dr Lundberg spends half his time living in North Carolina and half his time living in Greece , because his wife is Greek and her family still lives there . I think Lundberg makes very interesting observations between the modern people of Greece and the ancient King Ulysses from the island of Ithaca.King Ulysses was a persuasive speaker who was equally comfortable sailing a ship as with working on a farm . He was a true renaissance man capable of doing many things . Modern Greek people are a balanced nation of people who can adapt and work in many different environments . Another interesting parallel between Ulysses and modern Greek people is the idea of having a love of their home . Home is not a singular central location with four walls to a Greek person . The idea of home to a Greek person includes the entire environment around them like the mountains and seas . Another parallel between ancient and modern Greek times is the social climate . The city states in Greece today have an inability to unite and live harmoniously . In a similar fashion , the Greeks and the Trojans fought in ancient times long ago . I also learned that most of the Greek islands were once occupied by Turkey and that the country was torn between the Moslems on the East and the Christians on the West . I hope to travel to Greece someday to experience the beauty of the islands and the fun loving intelligent people David Lundberg discusses in Olympic Wanderings . This is a very entertaining and informative book .
 S.S. Van Dine 's book was The Canary Murder Case was the second in what supposed to be a trilogy . This mystery centers around with the murders of a sexy nightclub singer known as the Canary and her boyfriend . . It was also originally made into a silent movie with Louise Brooks as the Canary , but then the `` talkies '' came into being and it had to be reshot using sound.This is another example of the early 20 's - 30 's mystery with its art deco atmosphere . Philo Vance is a upper crust maven of the arts with a hobby of helping the New York police solve mysteries . William Powell was also in the early movie , but it would be wonderful if the movie be could shown just to Louise Brooks as the Canary .
 This book was amazing ! It gives great instructions and is very descriptive and easy to understand . I dont know who wrote that other reveiw - below me - but she needs to be quiet . Just because she doesnt like cheerleading doesnt mean other people cant . This book is great for beginer or intermediate cheerleaders . Read this before you try out !
 I am an admitted Science Fiction junkie , but as far as the Phillip Jose Farmer `` Riverworld '' series is concerned , likes and dislikes of a particular genre do not enter into it . I bought the first book in the series , `` To Your Scattered Bodies Go '' on a whim , and began it suspiciously as I do any new book or author . Before I had finished a single page , I was completely immersed in Farmer 's world , and I devoured the book whole within two days . Two days later , I found myselef back at the bookstore , racing to the shelf and praying that nobody had bought the next book in the series.Shortly thereafter , a colleague asked if I had read anything good lately , and I forced the book on him as a fanatic would force a religious text to a prospective believer ... and within a week the Riverworld books were tearing through my friends , my family , my girlfriend , and suddenly everyone was buying and reading them , and a whole lot of people were constantly demanding of each other how soon they could borrow the next book in the series , and if delayed , running out and buying a copy.I have become immersed in many many books before - series like Tolkien 's Ring Cycle have drawn me deeply into them , but - and I realize that many will consider this blasphemy - I believe the Riverworld cycle to be far superior.I will end this review by addressing the plot of the series , or at least the most basic concept
 First things first . Phil Farmer is not always the most elegant writer - often , his prose is clumsy and his characters wooden . In all likelihood , you wo n't like everything you read by him . He 's best known for labyrinthine series -LRB- Riverworld , Dayworld , World of Tiers -RRB- and ` fictional histories ' of iconic characters such as Sherlock Holmes , Tarzan & Doc Savage , which may or may not be your cup of tea . Okay , enough with the caveats
 This is one of the best short stories I have ever read ! Five stars on humor , this story is a stand-out in this collection.Prurient , obscene even , Christians should not read this story , but not being Christian myself , J. C. On The Dude Ranch is one of the funniest things ever set to print . Silverberg coulda done Siddhartha vs. Yama with the same plot.This is not an anti-Christ tract , it 's just a hilarious albeit dirty story . Satan appears and is properly vilified , Jesus is definately a Good Guy.But Christians probably ought not read this story , unless looking for ungodly targets to be pissed off at .
 Another great yarn from Larry Niven . If you like sf , give this classic a try .
 IF YOU 'VE NEVER READ THIS BOOK , SHAME ON YOU . I DEVOURED THIS SERIES AND TO THIS DAY , OFTEN THINK OF WHAT MIGHT HAPPEN IF WE DID IN FACT ALL END UP ALONG THE MYSTERIOUS 10 MILLION MILE LONG RIVER WITH EVERYONE ELSE WHO HAS EVER LIVED.UTTERLY , UTTERLY ENGROSSING AND SATISFYING .
 I got this book because I was writing a research paper on palmistry . Out of the five books and two web sites I used as sources , this one was the most informative . Some of the books were witten as if they were trying to confuse the reader . This one had interseting anecdotes and asy to follow illustrations and discriptions .
 I 've been learning to read palms for 3 years and I have read a lot of palmistry books , a few of which were truly helpful . The first step is to get a good reference book -LRB- THIS ONE -RRB- !! I learned so much from this book that I actually wrote the author and thanked him . He was kind enough to write back . He lives in Australia and seems like a really cool guy . This book is simple and to the point , easy to follow , great for taking notes from . I would also recommend getting Health in Your Hands by Lori Reid .
 Amazing , good book to get started in palmistry , or at least stick ones toes in the water . Richard Webster writes in a way that is super easy to understand and learn .
 In my opinion , Richard Webster 's Revealing Hands is quite simply the best introduction to the fascinating subject of palmistry . Students will find the material to be concise and easily comprehensible , unlike many other chirological texts . This fine book is a mandatory addition to the library of any aspiring or professional palmist .
 I have many books on plamistry . Some have too much info to ever retain , some are way too basic . This one is just right for EVERYBODY . Here 's why : * The history is brief -LRB- about 4-5 pages which is all you will ever need to know on the topic unless you are devoting to major study * The book tells you HOW to give a reading and a SCRIPT to follow . VERY FEW BOOKS DO THIS !!! This is worth it 's weight in gold . I typed his script out and left blanks and when I give a reading I fill it in like a ` mad lib ' but relevant to age and the palm . * Nothing vague about it . BIG pictures . Excellent area on fingers too.Richard Websters best material is not sold to lay people but this books seems to be the exception .
 If you want to learn to read palms this is the best book for you . Richard Webster explans things so cleary in this book . I began learning how to read palms and give a desciption about someone in the very first chapter . Buying this book is definitly worth your time and money . You wo n't be disappointed .
 Looking for a Palm Reading Bible you will go back to over all other pretty , colorful and modern New Age Palm Reading books ? This is the one ! Out of all the Palmistry books I go back to over and over when professional palm reading , this is the book I turn to . Why ? Its black and white , diagrams give plenty of writing space for quick notes , writing style is down to earth and basic . For basic/intermediate study , this is a book based on old traditional rules ... Not a health study , more a realistic character study ... I consider it the best I have in my Palmistry Library .
 Who is this guy , David Wiltse ? I started with his thrillers , which are simply the best , then read Doubles , a play , a very very funny play , then came to Grand Romance , another play and entirely different from any of the other works . It is a very touching memory play , extremely romantic and perfect for a smallish cast and simple set , I would think , but all it has in common with his other works is its excellence . Is there anything he ca n't write ? Why does n't the world know more about this man -- or am I simply late to discover what everyone else knows ?
 See my review for A Dance Lesson in paperback , which is the same book , the same listing . I do n't know why it 's listed twice , but then I do n't know why Undercover Blues , which Wiltse did not write , shows the reviews for the excellent Bone Deep , which he did write . Anyway , this is indeed a play , a very touching , funny play about youth and family and sex and prejudice and more . It 's very good and seems so different from the thrillers that Wiltse writes that it 's almost as if we 've got the mystery of who really wrote the Shakespeare canon all over again .
 Out of gratitude to the American people , the author and her husband distributed this book to public libraries at no cost when they published the book in the early 1990 's . That is how the book fell into my hands , as I was employed as a librarian at the time . I am happy to see that over the years this book has developed a following of sorts because it has made a lasting impression on me . Before reading the Kaprals ' account of their life in Czechoslovakia before , during and after World War II , I was ignorant of the hardships imposed on the Czech population by the Nazis and the `` liberating '' Russians . However , I have never forgotten the events that Zdena Kapral vividly described in this memoir of her family and which left me with a deep appreciation of the pervasiveness of the Nazi hostilities . It is easy to focus on the atrocities committed in the infamous concentration camps . This book conveys the reality that much larger populations lived in the shadow of imminent Nazi threat throughout the war and that , for purely geopolitical reasons , some of these populations were then deprived of the expected post-war recovery for decades to come . In doing so , Zdena Kapral 's account not only shines light on less familiar history for the typical American reader but also provides insight into the economic challenges confronting Eastern Europe today .
 I received this book as a present , for attending charitable dinner from the local Sokol . I could not put it down after I started reading it . The story moved me especially because my grandparents were immigrants . The fact that this was not just another story but actually Zdena 's personal account of events that happened in her life is absolutely awe inspiring . So much pain but so much more love . I strongly urge anyone who is interested in the Czech Republic or any other Eastern European countries to pick this up and give it a read.For all those misinformed conspirists out there that dare to say that there was never a Holocaust should open their eyes and read this book . The victims died in vain if we do not remember them !
 The book describes the true story of a Czech family from before World War II , the betrayal of the Allies , the Nazi horror , `` liberation '' by the Russians , the conversion of the country to communism , escape to India , enduring the bloody revolution of India , and finally safety into Australia . The strength of Zdena throughout this , as well as the countless anonymous strangers that fought the evil , makes this one of the most memorable books made . Unlike many books on the holocaust , the family is not portrayed as `` victims '' , rather as people who combat the surrounding evil in every way possible .
 I have read many accounts of the horrors of WW11 but this one will stay with me for a long time . The author describes vividly what it was like in Czechoslovakia during this period and how horrendous it was for her and her family and her fellow citizens . Not only does she describe this period but she gives a glimpse into her life pre-WW11 and afterward while living in India , Australia and briefly the US where they finally settled . Her bravely and the love within the family makes the book quite moving . I ca n't imagine living through what she and her family did . It is descriptive and extremely well written . I highly recommend this book to anyone interested in WW11 and life in India when it was in upheaval during its fight for independence from GB .
 This book was recommended to me by my brother who had met the author in Arizona . Her great storytelling ability makes this a fascinating read . The details of the horrific events are related from the view of those coping and surviving these ordeals . While it does not whitewash the inhumane treatment , it relates how the love of family , friends , God and country gave moment by moment strength to get through the days and nights . It leaves the reader with hope that no matter what we face , we can endure knowing that somewhere in the future , Tomorrow Will Be Better . Why is this not a movie ?
 Excellent and well-written book . Recommended reading for young adults and older . We must all remember what atrocities were committed in Europe and other countries . It is a testament to the human spirit and the capacity to survive terrible circumstances . This book will become a permanent part of our family 's library .
 I am a Czech and my grandfather was a colleague of Alex Kapral in his endeavor of setting up Biochema company in 1930s . I lived in the places described in this book , well I am actually writing this comment from the room where portion of the book happened -LRB- Ricky property -RRB- , now a scout environmental education centre -LRB- www.kapraluvmlyn.cz -RRB- . As other reviewers mentioned the book is written in the very touching way - you ca n't stop reading . Moreover if you have firsthand experience with the story and you know it is not a made-up novel but the REAL ACCOUNT . The author frames her personal story into real history events thus giving reader unique insight into the life of the whole generation challenged by turmoils of 20th century.And last but not least it is also a story of a couple that came to USA penniless in 1950s and after 20 years of hard work was selling their enterprise -LRB- largest world producer of siliconized paper -RRB- to a multinational company.Czech scouts also published 5th edition of the book in 2012 -LRB- in Czech -RRB- under the title `` Zitra bude lip '' enriched of authentic family photos and chapters describing charity activities of the Kapral family in 1990s .
 If you are even remotely interested in the fascinating culture of the Maya than this book will more than peak your interest . It is not a significant historical document , but rather features some of the most intriguing drawings from the mysterious culture . The drawings themselves are masterful black and white details of Maya life . The drawings are a young educators dream , the pictures would make good reproductions for distribution for students to use . For students , the possibilities are endless , but one thing that can be done is use them for a mural or enlarged drawings . While teaching , I used these drawings for that purpose and students created giant posters that they worked on in groups in their FREE time during lunch and later were displayed for festive occasions celebrating cultural heritage . Anyway , the drawings are really nice and bold and full of ideal designs for graphic artists , craftspeople or any type of visual artist to translate into a new work of art . The exotic pictures are not without some written word as the author gives a brief overview of the culture . The book begins with an excerpt from the Mayan book `` The Popul-Vuh . '' Each page is numbered in English and Mayan for an addional bonus for students . An explanation is given regarding the number system and the complex calendar as well as the omens associated with each day . Many of the drawings come from details in the huge stellae , thoses monuments to a forgotten time found in the remote jungles of places like Tikal and throughout the Yucatan and Honduras . The drawing are rich in detail and some require extensive looking at to `` find '' all the elements of exotic intrigue . Bits and pieces can be used to create your own design or for an inspiration for something new . A truly fascinating small book with unlimited possibilities for the creative person to unleash their skills .
 I have n't gotten to this as a project yet but the illustrations are very clear , and I look forward to working with the patterns for a mural project this winter .
 Intended for young people , this book is fascinating and informative for both students and adults . Wakan gives historical and cultural background about haiku , and explains things to the reader that other writers about haiku take for granted , and sometimes neglect . She explains traditional rules and devices -- and their exceptions -- one at a time , in an interesting , progressive format . I use Haiku
 This book has concise reviews for grade 2-3 math . It teaches how to get the best result in standardized tests . It is especially valuable for those students who are lack of test taking experience . My child got better scores after applying the techniques , such as choice eliminations.The math problems in this book are a bit easy though . They are not challenging enough for my third grader . My child also uses the free Beestar online math tests -LRB- a nice Houston community web site www.beestar.org -RRB- for additional weekly practice . His test taking skills learned from this book has been very helpful .
 Arrived on time ; excellent book to prepare kids for the next level in Math .
 A very easy to read book with many illustrations that covers some basic games with Jacks ... onies , twoies etc. . Easy enough for an 8 year old to read and follow , though not an exhaustive collection of games with Jacks . The included brightly colored cloth bag and lightweight multi colored metal jacks and ball made this a nice and complete gift .
 I originally bought this book for the `` real '' metal jacks that were included.All I could find before was some gigantic plastic jacks.As I was teaching my grandkids how to play using the `` real '' jacks , I became addicted to playing jacks again !! What fun!Fellow Baby-boomers , listen up ... is your eye-hand coordination faltering ?? This is a great way to get some of that coordination back!Grandpa is going to teach the grandkids how to play marbles.I see some challenges in jacks and marbles on the playground -LRB- backyard -RRB- in the very near future ! Now where is my favorite `` shooter '' ?
 This is such a great book about frontier life by a real frontier woman . Her life was amazing . You get such a real sense of what life was like back then told , first had , not by someone else recounting Martha Black 's thoughts , but her real words -LRB- I love the words of that time ! -RRB- about her experiences , triumphs and tragedies . If you ever wanted to know what it was like for a middle class white women of independent mind to live in the late 1800 's and the early half of the 1900 's , both in the US and Canada , then this is the read for you .
 Martha Black 's story showed her love of the Yukon . She was a pioneer in a country that required unique skills and much courage .
 This book is an absolute must-read !!! The story of the pioneers ' unwavering impetus to conquer all the elements of the West was very compelling , I thought . When I read of how North American politicians and other citizens were so preoccupied with an easy election victory of William Aberhart and his Social Credit Party , I questioned what all the contention was about . Perhaps they perceived the Social Credit Party as some radical , left-wing party , and sympathizers to the Communist cause . I read this literature when I was twelve , and at that age I felt an odd obligation to study Western history , for some reason ...
 I thought this book was very informative , although I did not find the history of the political parties during the Depression years that interesting . This book is very in depth about the Prairies political and economic history.I became annoyed at how Prairie residents are so arrogant . Toronto will always be the financial capital of Canada , not Calgary , as quoted in this book.Generally I could summarize this book as a story of the Fur Trade , western migration and farming , farmer political parties , and economics .
 The Pearl manuscript contains four poems -LRB- Pearl , Patience , Cleanliness , and Sir Gawain and the Green Knight -RRB- , all generally assumed to be by the same author and all touching on the same themes - specifically , the beliefs of ` orthodox medieval Christianity and ... chivalric social morality ' as the -LRB- excellent -RRB- introduction puts it.Probably written by a Northern contemporary of Chaucer , the Pearl manuscript 's poems are nevertheless worlds apart from his work
 Caper 's book is a short , easy to understand and delightfully written introduction to Freud and Klein . If you know a lot of psychodynamic theory , it will probably be too basic for you.Caper starts with the `` story '' of Freud 's attempts to find a scientific theory for psychic phenomena . In chronological order , you are introduced to Freud 's basic ideas -LRB- such as libido , the psychosexual stages , the ego , id , and superego ... -RRB- Caper follows Freud 's development of ideas , showing his struggle to make sense , the caveats of his theories that led him to find new solutions , etc. . This makes the read fascinating -LRB- it almost feels like you are reading a detective story -RRB- and helps you understand the concepts better , since you can see `` where '' they came from.After that , Caper introduces the work of Melanie Klein , seeing how it complements and expands Freud 's work . It studies her approach to the psychology of children and play therapy . For those who do not know Klein , this may be a good introduction , though I would rather recommend a book on her selected papers.I enjoyed reading this book but I would probably not have spent the money if I had not had it for a class . If you are a psych student , there may be better books to spend your money on . If you are not a psych student and just want a fun intro to psychodynamic theory , this is as fun as it gets . If you are a psych student and have money to spare , hey , why not ? Caper knows how to write , which is refreshing in a field in which most books have such a dry style that the most fascinating concepts fail to interest you .
 a monkey 's paw are supposed to grant three wishes . sounds good . however , it grants them in the most evil way possible . subtle . outstanding plot . great descriptions . excellent setting
 The book was great and the drama was even better . I could just imagine myself there with Mrs. White beating on the door anxious for her son to return from the grave . But was it just their vivid imagination or did they really hear someone knocking on the door ? It is up to the reader to figure that out . If you have n't read the book and think these reviews will help you do a report I advise you to read it . It 's not half as bad as you may think . READ IT !!!!!
 I had always heard that this short story by W.W.Jacobs was one of the great classic Victorian ghost stories . I was recently reminded of it when Stephen King mentioned it in his new e-book , `` Riding the Bullet '' . So , alas ! - I finally got my hands on it , and it is indeed worthy of it 's acclaim . A visitor brings a magickal talisman - a monkey 's paw - to his hosts ' home ; the macabre dismembered simian apendage is charmed with the ability to grant wishes . But the visitor who leaves the object with his hosts , also leaves their premises with a strong warning of the outcome of the things wished for .
 In it 's few pages , it conveys such fear that it is almost unbelievable . It is `` Aladdin '' gone horribly wrong , with the only difference being the paw in the place of the Genie . The people who make their wishes , get them granted , oh yes , but in unusual circumstances ... my favourite to this day !
 This book is simply great ! Especially when you read it at night , it really creates a scene of horror and evil . This book is just suitable for anyone who wants to read a supernatural story and are tired of stories like Goosebumps
 This story is an excellent story of horror and wonderment . The ending is especially fearful as the final wish is made for the dead son to remain dead . The thing is , what will be it 's consequence ?
 THIS IS ONE BOOK ALL HORROR BOOK READERS SHOULD HAVE IN THERE HOUSE !!!!!!!!!!!!
 This collection of short essays and stories is marvellous . I have carried it with me on every trip I have taken since I first read it . I have my grandfather 's copy , which has been on a longtime loan -LRB- say , ten years ... -RRB- I am fondest of the essays , which range from clever little tirades against the Telephone Company and the Motor Vehicle Bureau to accounts and commentaries on Thurber 's travels in France and Italy . It is really a wonderful wonderful book , very funny and acute . Please read it .
 Thurber is always fun and funny to read . Thurber fans need to add this book to their collections .
 James Thurber is one of my favorite authors . I really enjoy reading his stories . They are old fashioned in a good way .
 This magnificently conceived and executed catalogue publishes for the first time one of the most amazing collections of sculpture in the United States , the Cantor Gifts to the Los Angeles County Museum of Art.The highlight of this handsome folio-size volume is 41 works by acclaimed Impressionistic sculptor Auguste Rodin . Here we find his compelling `` Saint John the Baptist Preaching , '' each sinew of this over life-size figure reflecting on the `` voice crying in the wilderness ; '' his dynamic flying figures with limbs extended into space ; and his pensive bust of Victor Hugo.In addition to Rodin , works by his contemporaries and forerunners are presented - Jean-Baptise Carpeaux , Albert-Ernest Carrier-Beleuse , Aime-Jules Dalou , and others.With some 150 illustrations and scholarly text Rodin In His Time is a treasure for art lovers . - Gail Cooke
 Smaller then expected , thought it was a book but more like a pamphlet which actually makes it much easier to use quickly , great pictures and descriptions .
 I love my nature guide to Florida birds . We have identified many birds using this invaluable tool . You can too !
 This book arrived in a short amount of time and was in very good condition
 HER BOOKS ARE A JOURNEY , YOU CAN FOLLOWHaving discovered Sue Bender 's wonderful book `` Everyday Sacred '' , I found it necessary to read all I could find by her . I followed with `` Stretching lessons '' and now `` Plain and Simple '' , far from the chronological order they were written in . However , this does not matter . I wish and hope she writes more.THE JOURNEY WAS BEST FOR ME , FROM DAY TO DAYI find I have a tendency to read her books in small segments . A chapter or section a day . It feels like you are journeying with her this way . I do n't know why I did this , but it is a style all three books fell into . Some books are like that . In fact , I plan to reread them all , something I rarely do . They are those kind of books.FAMILIAR THOUGHTSAll of us have ideas that capture our imagination , from a facination with particular types of books , stories , colors , ideas . These are part of who we are . Rarely do most of us delve in deeper to fully pursue the things that facinate us . Sue Bender does.FOLLOWING YOUR PASSIONSIn this book she had been taken by a quilt she saw that was attributed to the Amish . The artist within felt a certain resonance with this quilt each time she saw it . Finally , she felt inclined to uproot her life , if only temporarily to examine the base of this facination ; the culture of the people that made it . We all feel this pull , this draw occassionally . Most of us never act on it.REVEALS NOT ONLY THE AMISH , BUT THE AUTHOR AND THE READER AS WELLWhat is particularly gratifying in this book is that not only does she reveal a portion of Amish life , but also her own . You see the author 's perspective and her own preconceived notions of what and who the Amish are . She does n't just visit the Amish once but lives with them at two different times with two different families . Here you can see , they as any other group of people have their own diversity and conflict . But , more so than any other group , due to their exclusivity , there are the tenets by which they live.As all anthropologists that study a culture must quickly find out , when we take time , to truly understand others , their motiviations , what they find important , how they live , only then do we find ourselves.Sue Bender is still looking , but she is a lot closer than most .
 Sue Bender is an artist who first learned of the Amish through their remarkable quilts . Not satisfied to learn about them second hand , she was able through great perserverance to stay with two Amish families . Plain and Simple not only recounts these visits , it also chronicles Bender 's own search for meaning , simplicity , and order.Bender 's book was first published in 1989 and is considered a classic . It is well worth reading .
 This book took me on a journey through my own everyday life . I really was able to stand back and look at my life through a plain and simple perspective . Happiness is not about reaching a final all-powerful accomplishment ; it is about enjoying each experience in life . Each task , thought , and experience is just as meaningful as the next . Only when we begin to make this realization are we truly happy .
 This book was a great book to pick up and read while waiting for children at music lessons . I would like to go back and read it again and make some notes in the side bars . A book you could read again , and again and come out with something else learned .
 Ok for what it is but this book was really self-centered around Sue Bender and all SHE wanted to say . I wanted to know more about the Amish and their way of life and this book only grazed the surface . It seemed more like a journey through Sue 's life moments to me . Maybe I 'm too harsh but I wanted to read a book about Sue 's impression of the Amish and her living among them NOT how Sue fit into everything , etc. . Ugh ! I was glad when it was over .
 I bought this book because it was mentioned in another book I was reading . I have always had an interest in the Amish from an anthropological point of view and this was not a disappointment at all . Sue Bender runs across antique Amish quilts and is fascinated by their unique simple designs and bold colors . For years she has her contacts on the look out for more examples of this beautiful `` art '' that is so functional . Then she discovers the `` faceless '' dolls that Amish mothers make for their daughters . The dolls have no facial features because the Amish proscribe to the `` no graven image '' commandment very strictly . She was delighted with the doll sent to her by an Amish woman with whom she started a correspondence . She then decided she wanted to live among the Amish for a time . She was told they would not take her in ; however , a small ad in an Amish paper elicited a response from a family willing to have her live with them for a time . So her journey began . Her impressions did not always fit with her romantic illusions of the `` simple '' life and she learned much . After several weeks , she goes home to digest what she has learned . Then , she decides to go back and try the experiment again with a different -LRB- very different -RRB- family . She learns even more . All stereotypes are mostly shattered as she lives with a midwife , her large family and her chiropractor sister and she leaves much richer -LRB- emotionally -RRB- than when she arrived.I enjoyed this volume very much . It had an excellent layout and is a fast read . The impressions are honest and introspective and Ms. Bender is kind enough to wrap the most important lessons learned into a nine-patch quilt for us at the end . There are many fine ideas we can take with us at the conclusion of the story not the least of which is how much we have in common with the Amish as opposed to how different we are . It 's a book I will return to again and again for insight .
 there are , indeed , answers ... try reading this book . Its present day American anthropology , and at the least , a personal experience that you 'll relate to , and ... yes , not relate to . But this book will give you inspiration , and make you question the basics of your own life.This is personal book . A journal . A journey.It has a distinct artist flavor to it , -LRB- I highly recommend it to artists or those of artist nature and intensity -RRB- . Some people wo n't like it . They 'll not understand the culture which is indeed , highly controversial , even amoung those who are close neighbors to the Amish , and yes , even among the Amish themselves . You might be intrigued , however , if `` Amish '' is something new to you.I grew up in the vicinity of an Amish community that the author describes , and I still visit the area regularly . My family has always deeply appreciated their beliefs , even though my family was from an entirely different culture/religion . Sometimes , many times , we did n't understand ... but we recognized that they could create what we could n't do . My family has many Amish quilts , we 've eaten many Amish meals , purchased many of their wares ... one of our favorites being one family 's delicious Angel Food cakes -LRB- all made without electricity -RRB- . I 've seen the Amish plowing their fields , not long after the snow has melted -LRB- the last time was 11 months ago -RRB- , with a team of magnificent horses on a hand-hewn plow that looks like something from a museum -LRB- in our culture -RRB- ... and the scene ... yes , so lovely ... a scene like a painting that 's come to life ... . It is easy for people to imagine Van Gogh standing alongside the wooden fence which marks the boundry between horse-drawn plow and automobiles , painting quickly , watching the spirit slowly fade ... how long can the Amish avoid technology?I knew of the Amish , before moving to Boston , and now , that , we 're here in Silicon Valley . I happened on this book in the bookshop at Pacific Grove , in fact . It seemed to be a peaceful book , suited for my peaceful weekend getaway.It turned into more than that . I could relate to the author 's curiousity ; I could relate to the Amish from my own vague experiences ; I could relate to the book as a journey of finding out how one really feels about our Self in this world that 's scheduled within 15-minute segments on a Daytimer . I could relate to the importance of life 's experiences that do n't always involve the stock market and money.Its an easy read . Nicely experienced after a cup of tea just before bed , where you can privately sigh with a sense of true relaxation ... . Yes , -LRB- sigh -RRB- slow down ... read a while , turn off the light and imagine the world you just read about.But ... in the morning ... well ... . How does it all connect ? What is this odd formula that causes these small societies to produce many fine pieces of art ? -LRB- Or is it , in marketing jargon , just a product ? -RRB- What is it that pulls these people together ? What is it that makes them try something seeming too difficult and seemingly too time-consuming ? It is worthwhile , as a bottom-line , to ... spend time?Enjoy.I 'd love to meet the author ... even though we have a library of thousands of books , I 've only said that about Laurel Thatcher Ulrich , who won the McArthur Award . I have met her briefly . She 's wonderful . -LRB- She was the advisor to a dear friend of mine at university in NH . -RRB- The `` air '' of the books are somewhat similar . `` Plain and Simple '' is a good book , especially if you like `` journal , diary-type '' manuscripts . Buy it to try it . It might work for you . It might be just too foreign to you . But it is a good gamble .
 I received this wonderful book as a surprise gift . Knowing very , very little about the Amish and certainly never having read about them before , I was fascinated by the glimpses of their lives offered by the author.I believe that the title is incorrect or at least , misleading . From the first pages of the book , I was under the impression that the book was about quilts and the journey with the quilt not a book about the Amish or women in general.I am surprised that so many reviewers were annoyed by Ms Bender . Even though I did not always like what she wrote , I appreciate her frank and honest comments , which at times read like a private diary.Is it necessary to love the personality of an author , or more to the point , may we simply enjoy writing for writing 's sake and overlook the personality of the author ?
 I first heard Sue Bender on NPR talking about her Amish experience ... I was enthralled with it . Later I found the book and read it start to finish in one sitting . As I read it I kept thinking I wanted to buy a copy for all my friends .
 Fast read and interesting . Book was delivered promptly and was exactly what was described . Would recommend it you are going into Amish country to get an idea of thebAmish way of life .
 I loved this little book . I have always been interested in the Amish way of life , and to think that Sue Bender actually lived among the Amish is wonderful . I learned so much from this book about the Amish ways . I will be reading this book again as I feel that reading a book for the second time you notice things that you did n't catch the first time around . This little book is a keeper !
 I found this book in the library of the `` Chaplain 's Cottage '' at a New England summer Church Camp . What a joy to find it at Amazon.com . I have purchased several used copies all in great shape and promptly shipped.What a gem ! Very short and very deep.Anyone wanting to know more about why and how materialism has become our major god will benefit from this mind changing book.Sue Bender is intrigued by simple art in the form of Amish Quilts and faceless Amish Rag Dolls . She seeks to know more about why such simplicity has touched her soul.Her live-in visits with Amish families and her introspective commentary are like a visit to your great grand parents age but with healing depth totally unsuspected .
 This is a very uplifting trip taken and proves that fancy , ` doodads ' in our lives are really totally unnecessary for real to-the-bone happiness and sense of worth .
 This was a nice book to read . It was pleasantly vivid , especially when talking about amish food habits -LRB- heaps of ice cream and all kinds of fattening food -RRB- . I enjoyed the descriptions . the author 's own disturbing and overwhelming need to express herself reasserts itself at the book 's end , and as we move out of the sublime simplicity back to the mainstream American 's need for selfish self-expression of every nitwit feeling and emotion and intuition I felt a bit nauseous . The book is a clear snapshot of a symptom of self-obsession which is perhaps most obvious in San Francisco , where this book is a best seller .
 Sue Bender sometimes says the obvious , but she says it in anaccessible way , a way you can apply it . I read all three booksat once , in reverse order ... and I found useful information ineach . I ca n't imagine reading only one of them ... each waspart of the brilliant peaceful story ! Thanks Sue Bender !
 I found myself reaching for my highlighter ! There is so much soul in this probing , insightful , and touching book . It continues to make me rethink my attitudes and agendas .
 Sue Bender 's book `` Plain and Simple '' is a refreshing alternative to the usual Self-Help pap that overwhelms the genre . Instead of telling the reader what to do or what to believe , Bender simply spins out the tale of her journey to the Amish and then reveals the metaphor that the journey created for her own life.This book is not a documentary on the life of the Amish . It is not a psychoanalysis of these people . It is not about which lifestyle is better . It is like reading someone 's journal -- the entries are personal and intimate . They relate to the author 's life and her struggle to find a common ground between the Amish values and the values that her current lifestyle embraces.I found the book to be very affirming of my own values and very thought provoking . As an artist , I was also interested to read about how her artwork changed as a result of this encounter . I applaud the author for having the courage to follow the `` still small voice '' and then to write about the questions rather than being tempted to write about the answers !
 This book was given to me as a birthday gift by a friend with whom I was in business . Unkowingly , this friend , also named `` Sue '' , gave me the key to relaxation . When things get hectic and chaotic in my life , I read Plain and Simple . From the time I start reading , there is a peace that comes over me and I feel so calm afterwards . The writing seems to put me where Sue was when she was visiting the Amish ... the same quiet peace I feel when gazing over miles of farmland dotted with homes with barns and silos - - and no electrical poles ! Unfortunately , I am not surrounded by that environment , so reading Plain and Simple brings me there ! Having loaned my copy to an elderly friend who was rehabilitating after heart surgery , I waited for her response . She did n't think she could read it since she was having trouble `` concentrating on more than a paragraph of anything printed '' . I left it with her anyway , and at my next visit , she not only thanked me profusely , but told me she was adding it to her book `` gift list '' ! So , I knew then it was not only me who benefited from the peace of the book . My thanks to the author !
 well , folks , ` plain and simple ' , the title says the book is A WOMAN 'S JOURNEY , not a deep portrait of Amish and their lifestyle . It 's an introspective book that begins in 1967 , although the actual ` journey ' does n't come about until 1982 . Women shape society , and society shapes women . If all women were as modest as the Amish , we would never have achieved the right to vote . It takes all kinds to make a world.In terms of pages , the book is less than a half inch thick , so the journey is a ` light read ' . Amish history can be found on the internet with ease.It 's always amusing to me when people grab a book in haste , find it 's not their cuppa tea , and then blame the author entirely for wasting their money . For that mindset , I recommend the public library.This is a mid-life soul-searching little book about One Woman 's experience at One point in time . The author makes the point that American society is neither plain nor simple for most of us , and reveals how trying to strike a balance between serenity and ambitious pursuits is never easy . Most of us ca n't even write a Christmas newsletter that anyone else wants to read , but we 're sure qualified to pass harsh judgement on another person 's honest little journal.Personally , I found this a nice little book for a winter 's night .
 I read Plain and Simple when it was first published in 1991 . I ca n't believe it took me this long to review it . Sue Bender , a Berkeley artist and mother of two with grad degrees from both Harvard and Berkeley , just up and left town one day and went east to spent time with the Amish . Not as easy as it sounds , folks , because the Amish are intensely private people who do n't routinely welcome outsiders . Somehow , however , Bender managed to convince two families to take her into the folds of their farming communities in Iowa and Ohio . She was transformed - and in this book that reflects the plain and simple lifestyle of the Simple Folk , she explains why and how this transformation occurred and what it means to her now.Bender had always lived a life of moving from one list item to another , checking things off from the top only to add more at the bottom . The Amish , not unlike the Zen Buddhists , savor and honor each daily task , finding meaning within the most mundane chores . A book as meaningful and beautifully crafted as an Amish quilt , Plain and Simple deserves to be treasured .
 I felt this was an extremely well written and moving little book , and I have recommended it to many friends . In fact , I bought copies and sent them out . It made you stop and think about your own life and how we complicate and prioritize .
 After reading the reviews of others , I want to note that I pick up this book roughly once a year , especially to read its summary , which Sue Bender calls a `` ninepatch . '' It captures what she learned from the Amish - lessons that remind me of Wendell Berry 's work , which also comments on what might be called agrarian values . The parts of the book that describe her visits to the Amish are clear and well written . The parts that describe her efforts to absorb what she learned may strike some readers as silly . They struck me as an honest account of the difficulties of transcending one 's own background , a problem that is certainly not unique to her . That she kept at it , and then took the time to write a useful book on what she learned , is a contribution , and the book is worth owning , both to get a sense of the Amish and to ponder how one might benefit from their approach to life . - John Parman -LRB- Berkeley , CA -RRB-
 I enjoyed reading what little there was about the Amish women but was not at all impressed with Sue Bender and her `` journey '' . Get a life Sue Bender and leave the Amish alone.Four stars for what little she wrote about the Amish women themselves .
 This is a lovely little book . It is filled with contemplations on the importance of simplicity and balance in one 's life.A busy woman who has focused her life on success becomes enamored of Amish quilts . Her admiration is so great that she takes time out from her life to go and live with the Amish . There , she reflects on her own values and comes to realize that the act of doing is as important as the outcome . She also realizes that being a part of something , rather than standing out from others , is a more cooperative and giving way to live.How the author juxtaposes the meaning of things with the sentiment reflected in the quilts is very lovely and meaningful.I highly recommend this book for anyone who has ever had questions about what is important in life and their own core values .
 As published on my blog
 A great book that helps get priorities in order . Too often we spend our lives in the fast lane . Sometimes , it 's just better to sit back and read a book like Plain and Simple . The `` journey to the amish '' can help more than you know .
 Plain and Simple is a little gem of a book . Sue Bender 's search for her inner spirit leads her to examine the life of the Amish community.Her journey begins with a simple quilt that catches her eye in a museum . Something about the stark yet vibrant quality of the quilt speaks to her heart . Sue 's busy and chaotic life style has taken a toll on her artistic spirit . In the simple Amish quilt she finds the calmness that she wants to capture for herself.Sue arranges to spend several weeks living among the Amish community , going back to the basics of a simpler time . She is surprised to learn that her Amish friends are as curious about her as she is of them . Laughter , love , acceptance and humility are only a few of the lessons Sue learns . Taking those lessons back to her own life style is her challenge.This is one of those books that will remain within easy reach . When I feel my spirit lagging , I 'll reach for Plain and Simple to remind myself of the lessons learned in this book .
 I have read and re-read this book several times . It is a lovely story and written very well . It let 's us know that everyone is human and in all communities there are good things and not so good things . Take the good and leave the rest . I have drawn on some of Sue Bender 's experiences with the Amish and applied them in my own life . How wonderful to be able to read about someone else 's experience and feel like you are there by their side .
 This is the story of how one woman became interested in the Amish and decided to try and live with them for awhile . It is interesting to read how an outsider would go about getting into this very secretive world . Her experiences are not representative of all Amish - as she says in the book , there are many variations of belief and practice among Amish all across the country . I was surprised to hear about Amish using a telephone , motorized pumps , polyester clothing , running shoes , and plastic , or using store-bought white bread and cereal that is laced with supplements.The author did not have this experience to become Amish and she returns to her normal life , but with some appreciation for simplicity in the modern world . For those who find resonance in such a concept , I recommend reading Barry Schwartz 's THE PARADOX OF CHOICE
 I throughly enjoyed this book ! When I found this title , I sat down with it at 12 noon and and did not even look up til 3pm ! It is a journey of one woman to find the depth of meaning in her life and finding it among the simplicity of the Amish.Finding the same yearning in my own life , this book gave me ideas to incorporate into my own life without actually joining the Amish.She really helps you to focus on the important things in life , instead of the bogged-down issues of materialism , and over commitments.Read and start enjoying your `` simple '' life !
 A well-written book , and well documented . No matter what your view of the Arab-Israeli conflict , this book balances against the 99 % of books that take a pro-Israel slant . I especially appreciated Khouri 's calm , objective manner of discussing the issues.Is this book outdated ? Heck no ! What I think is interesting is that history basically never changes in the Middle East . This book is essential for any scholar of the area .
 We all know it is difficult in the U.S. to find accounts of Arab-Israeli history that are not blind representations of the Israeli point of view . The winner writes the history , right ? We all know that the Israelis have been the winners . Look at the state of things today
 Luciano 's Luck is a wonderfully written novel aboutthe US government 's desperate attempt to persuadethe Mafia to assist them during World War II.Don Antonio Luca , the `` Boss of All Bosses `` of the Mafia in Sicily has the power to drive allNazi forces out of Italy and Sicily , but he has an extreme dislike for Americansand is reluctant to help them in any way.Only two people have the slightest chance of persuadinghim
 Carter is a former agent with ground knowledge in the hills of Sicily , where the Allied landing forces will need the cooperation of resistance fighters to avoid heavy losses to the occupying German forces . Carter has to recruit Luciano , a convict with Mafia ties , and Maria who has fled the mother country to escape the abuses of the underworld , represented by her grandfather , the key figure needed to coalesce the resistance fighters with the Allied cause.After I read a couple of mentions of Higgins in books on writing , I pulled this off the library shelf . Higgins knows how to get right into the action of a story and move the plot to adventure . He skillfully sets all the elements in place to give a dramatic story with action and conflict . The characters are a step above cardboard cut-outs , serving to propel events , and scenes are quick-cut , keeping the reading at a brisk pace . In all , it 's a quick read that is n't entirely predictable .
 A delightful change of pace as far as the main hero -LRB- Luciano -RRB- is concerned . Higgins does the WWII background well no matter what the story . -LRB- or plot -RRB- He manages to stick to his facts from other novel about the `` Mafia Connection '' and German forces . Though some of these facts are repetitive he manages to keep his readers on the edge with this change of pace -LRB- and hero -RRB- .
 Having read this book almost 12 years ago , I must say that it was a good book if I can still remember it . The story might seem a little far fetched to beleive , but it is an interesting one . Higgins has written an exciting story filled with adventure and suspense that keeps the readers attention . Its also not the long of a book to rea so that is also an advantage to the reader . In all , it is a well written novel
 A fast , interesting listen.General Eisenhower is willing to take advantage of any means to make the Allied invasion in Sicily a success . The Allied leaders want to gain the intervention of the Sicilian Mafia Godfather , Don Antonio Luca , to give the word to the Sicilian people to support the American and Allied efforts . To accomplish this British Professor/intelligence officer , Harry Carter , is sent to a New York prison to seek the help of Gangster , Mafia leader , Charles `` Lucky '' Luciano . Carter pulls Luciano from prison to meet with President Roosevelt who implies that Luciano 's parole would go favorably if he helps his country in this matter.Luciano is n't inclined to believe the Don will be helpful but they pick up the Don 's estranged Granddaughter , Maria , a Nun and a nurse , to help gain access and for an extra voice for convincing him . Carter , Luciano and Maria are teamed up with two American Rangers , one of whom clearly hates Luciano . They parachute into a small village in Sicily to join with resistance leaders who have to hide them from Nazi troops as they wait to meet with the Don.I thought the characters were well developed for the roles in the story . This story contains elements of intrigue , danger , arrogance , brutality , loneliness , a touch of romance , stubbornness , forgiveness , sacrifice and ` luck . ' I was surprised to learn this bit of history where the American President engages the services of the Mafia . I enjoyed the few meetings described between Carter and General Eisenhower and tried to jot down what may have been quotes but I did not find them so they may be part of the fiction . That is one draw back of audio books that you can not mark a spot to check it later , especially when you are driving.This particular audio book was a production for Book of the Road and was made with a male and a female reader . The male did a good job with the different accents , British , American , German , Russian , Italian . The woman however sounded rather the same for the two important Italian female characters.You do n't have to like war stories to enjoy this story . It involves a lot of personalities and some war strategy , good and bad , that makes it interesting . One thing that was clear in the story is that the actions of one person can have a great impact on how events play out .
 This is a book of short stories , some of which are science fiction , some are horror , and some are a combination of both genres . Overall , I found the collection of stories to be a strong one , though , of course , I preferred some to others . There are stories about assassin mannequins , mutant humans and shopping , malevolent wraiths , inter-dimensional baby-stealers , golem fighters , healer bugs , and killer viruses , just to mention a few . I am a fan of both science fiction and horror , and I enjoy stories that combine the two also so this book was a nice surprise to me because it handled both genres well .
 24 stories - some good , some fair , none terrible . I think that 's a good value for the price paid .1 . Kamikaze - Jason Brannon - shadowy mannequins that do more than stand in a window .2 . Night Shopping - Eric S. Brown - three friends go shopping to stock up for a zombie ? outbreak .3 . The Red Book - John Grover - Will a Wiccan be able to stop a murdering wraith ? 4 . C-Zone - Eric S. Brown - biowarfare zombies during the Vietnam War .5 . Born Again - Jason Brannon - cloning J.C. or are they ? * 6 . Wolves - Eric S. Brown - enhanced wolves that are smarter than their makers .7 . Immortal - Eric S. Brown , John Grover - Scientist who creates ultimate bio-weapon - or not . * 8 . Little Prey - John Grover - Winter storms bring out a baby napper and a mother 's love . * 9 . The Brightest Day - Eric S. Brown - Halloween and sun flares in outer space .10 . The Tomb in the Stars - Eric S. Brown - Draftees in the outer space war army . * 11 . The Small Hours - Jason Brannon - Nighttime radio just ai n't the same as it used to be .12 . Alone - Eric S. Brown , Jason Brannon - Plane crash , temples and sacrifice in the jungle . * 13 . Malarath - Eric S. Brown - Watch out who you try to collect protection money from . * 14 . Heading Home - John Grover - If your car breaks down in the middle of nowhere , do n't take the bus . * 15 . Mega Level 5 - Eric S. Brown - The CDC in outer space -LRB- EDITING PRETTY NONEXISTENT ON THIS STORY -RRB- . * 16 . Miracle Cure - John Grover - Would the chance at eternal life here on Earth corrupt you ? 17 . A New Eden - Jason Brannon - ... not even if you were the last man ... 18 . Slipping in the Snow - Eric S. Brown - post-apocalyptic friendships ? * 19 . Dream Design - John Grover - I know JUST what I want in my dream woman said the serial killer .20 . The Underneath - Eric S. Brown - Something is killing the soldiers besides the enemy .21 . Kilroy was Here - Jason Brannon - How do you defend yourself against a man who is already dead ? 22 . Symbiosis - Eric S. Brown - zombie monster in space .23 . Disembodied - John Grover - something comes out of the mist .24 . A Few Misspoken Words - Jason Brannon - Do you forgive me , dear ? * The stories I liked the best I marked with an asterisk but all were readable.NOTE
 What an interesting bunch of stories ! Lots of Zombies and Space Ships . Many of the short stories were entertaining . You have witches fighting ghosts , astronauts witnessing the end of the world from space , celebrities dealing with a zombie apocalypse on the way to the red carpet . The philanthropist trying to recreate the birth of Christ was also a good one . Solid stories from some very solid authors .
 This is a great collection of short stories by three of the most talented new horror writers out there . It 's a new book just out on the market . Eric , Jason , and John offer a terrifying mix of horror and sci-fi . Once I picked the book up , I did n't put it down except once when I had to leave for work , then came home and finished it . Their writing will chill you , some will leave you pondering the possibilities , and some will just leave you sitting there stunned at the outcome . Great book for horror lovers , these guys are going places .
 This book is a great starters guide to owning and basic understanding of the history of Burmese cats . Useful basic information on care , feeding and breeding .
 This book was very informative and filled with great pictures of the Burmese . I would highly recommend it to those who have recently acquired one of the cutest most playful cat breeds around .
 I liked how there was an equal mixture of the traditional , contemporary , and moderate styles without editorializing . Clear , concise , and good pictures !
 Logically enough Professor Herrick begins with an overview of his subject . He concludes with some of the better known modern rhetoricians . In between these two chapters he traces the history of the field and the various contributors . Timelines in the chapters enable the reader to see where the content of that particular section fits in the overall scheme . Sources are clearly identified throughout the book . Sidebars are another asset found in each section.The glossary in the back of the book is a ready reference for students seeking to quickly understand a term . Herrick seeks to combine modern example with ancient methodology in some places . Generally speaking this book introduces the subject well . It is clear and comprehensive . I have used with favorable results as a textbook when I was teaching in Massachusetts .
 If you have to get this book for a class and you want a less expensive alternative to the latest edition , this may be your answer . I am using this in my class right now and so far the differences are minimal .
 Perfect for the history of rhetoric and where it all began starting with the Sophists , Socrates , Plato , and Aristotle .
 I purchased this book for a class , rather than for enjoyment . That said , I found the book to be very informative and relatively easy to read . Of the two textbooks that I purchased , I most definitely prefer this one .
 I 've been a long-time fan of the Prospectus . For my money , it 's the best of the baseball annuals . Probably nothing will ever quite match the old Bill James Baseball Abstracts of fond memory . But if you are looking for thorough and entertaining reviews of every player 's performance from the 2007 season along with projections for the 2008 season , you will not find a better book . In past years , the Prospectus often had big time editing problems . This year the writing seems very clean with only a few very minor goofs . Last year there was also an inconsistency between the PECOTA comparables and the text discussion . That problem was avoided this year . Finally , although the book is still about as thick as the Manhattan phone directory , it appears to be printed on higher quality paper , thereby avoiding some of the blurred print that marred last year 's book . In short
 The new baseball season will soon be upon us , with hope breaking out all over . Those of us who are Chicago White Sox fan see our team starting off even with every other time and hope abounding . What will the season hold ? Only 162 games will tell us.This book is one of those compendia that come out each year , providing information on major league baseball players . This has a sabermetric element to it , so those who love statistics will enjoy this work.There are some nice features , including a listing of the top 100 prospects this season , how base running turns into runs , projected leaders in a variety of categories -LRB- e.g. , they project Ryan Howard to lead in home runs with 44 , Albert Pujols to lead in batting average with .327 , Jose Reyes to lead in stolen bases with 60 , etc. -RRB- . Those projections are based on a technique called PECOTA , in which players are equated with many other players -- past and present -- with similar characteristics . Then , that data base is used to project how well the particular contemporary player is likely to do this year . As an example , let 's take a look at one team , the White Sox . Many of the Sox ' key players are aging , and projections suggest declining performance among such stalwarts as Jim Thome and A. J. Pierzynski . Paul Konerko and Jermaine Dye , on the other hand , are projected to perform in similar fashion to 2007 . By the way , one of the nice features is that each player is compared to those whose career statistics define PECOTA . For instance , comparables to Joe Crede include Dave Roberts , Kevin Orie , Tim Wallach , and Tim Hulett . Just looking at comparables is fun ! Jermaine Dye is equated with Dave Henderson , Joe Adcock , Jose Canseco , and Juan Gonzalez . Pretty good company -LRB- at least for statistics -RRB- . Paul Konerko is compared with Kevin Millar , Gil Hodges , Jeff Conine , and Eric Karros . The mainstay of the pitching staff , Mark Buehrle , is linked to Ken Holtzman -LRB- the old Cubbie ! -RRB- , Greg Swindell , Jim Abbott , and Curt Simmons.Enough comparisons . Another statistic is called VORP , value over replacement player . This statistic is created by assuming that a particular player would be removed from the lineup and replaced by someone of proven quality -LRB- the details are too lengthy to be presented in a line or two -RRB- . The resulting figures are then used to estimate players who will rise and who will decline this coming year . White Sox fans might want to shiver a bit . Mark Buehrle is one of the projected 15 players who will decline the most.A couple other figures to illustrate what the book provides . Jim Thome is expected to see his home run total decline from 35 to 29 and his RBIs from 96 to 79 . If you 're curious , by the way , his comparator players include Frank Thomas , Willie McCovey , Darrell Evans , and Cliff Johnson -- some pretty good company!Anyhow , this is a book that will be a lot of fun for baseball fans . It 's a good way to start preparing for the new baseball season !
 Not having seen a Baseball Prospectus guide before , I was assuming this hefty guide would be a dry , stat-filled directory . I was wrong . This is a fascinating , readable guidebook . Once you start looking at it you ca n't put it down . If you buy this , plan to lose many hours of your life reading it.Each team gets its own chapter . An in-depth article covers the team 's chances for the season , including recruits , injuries , strategy , even history . Plenty of tables and figures back things up . Each player gets a paragraph about his abilities and prospects for the 2008 season , with a stat table that reviews his past four years and projected numbers for this season . The chapter concludes with a similar analysis on the team manager.At the end of the book are articles on different baseball-related topics , with a list of the Baseball Prospectus Top 100 Prospects.For help in deciphering the statistics , an introductory chapter called Statistical Introduction very calmly and clearly explains what all the terms in the tables mean . For example , it explains that `` VORP '' means Value Over Replacement Level , a cumulative stat that estimates total player value over a period of time.I wish there was a book like this for college football ! Then when my ` Noles mess up another season , at least I would know why !
 This is my third edition of BP , and the book is consistently excellent . The player comments have softened overall across the years , but they 're still not without their humor , and the commentary can be tough -LRB- e.g. on Al Martin 's transgressions -RRB- . They 're getting closer to a good balance on being critical.Team essays are not the garden variety review of offseason moves that are to be found in most preview magazines ; rather , they often go into teams ' philosophies of building , scouting , development and so on . I find this interesting in thinking about long-term health of franchises and looking forward to the new year.Some of the material can be pretty high level . Past player stats are all translated to a baseline according to league difficulty , park effects and other factors . This can be a little unsettling or annoying at times when you want to know how someone did at a raw level , but there is n't room for everything . Predictions are given as expected numbers.Such presentation probably is n't for everyone , so I 'd suggest anyone looking to buy this book for the first time go to their website , http://www.baseballprospectus.com . Check out some of the essays , transaction analyses and such . Be sure to look at the historical EQA cards page , because this also gives an overview of the way they do their translations and present their stats . This will give you the best idea of whether this book is for you.But do n't let the stat stuff scare you away . The detailed player comments and team essays alone make this worth the money for me .
 BP remains the standard for baseball annuals , with zillions of player comments both informative and entertaining , and team comments which are generally excellent.They know more about more players than anyone else.Minor quibble
 There is no better book on the market for the analytical baseball fan or fantasy leaguer . Some people will be put off by the indepth statistical analysis but this book is n't for statheads only.The Baseball Prospectus covers every player you need to know , period , from superstars like McGwire to 25th men like Jay Canizaro . It also covers important minor leaguers all the way down to rookie ball . It gives objective translations of every player 's statistics over the last three years and projections of every hitter 's real life 2001 stat line . This is a must have for any analytical baseball fan or anyone looking to win in fantasy baseball .
 The Baseball Prospectus is year after year the best baseball preview around . The expanded team by team and players analysis will take you through the year . A great product
 Still a very thorough but concise guide to everybody with less typos and misinformation than in the past . One thing that 's annoying is everyone who 's changed teams is still listed with their former team and I think more players could be included .
 BP sets the standard , not just for baseball books but for all annuals of any genre . The depth and breadth of coverage seems to grow each year . Whether you 're a fantasy player or a hard core fan , this book is indispensable .
 This is my sixth edition , and this book is still a great way to get ready for the season.But the writing has taken a distinct turn toward the serious . The essays and player profiles are still chock full of relevant numbers and piercingly well-considered arguments , but this year they are also somewhat ... I really do n't want to say it ... tedious.What was once a light-hearted romp through some serious baseball thinking is now rather dense and dry . I 'll buy again next year , but I hope somebody sends them a keg of Lighten-Up . +
 Incredible compilation of standard and original statistics developed by the authors to clear away the distractions and focus on who the good players are and why . Exceptional and comprehensive work that includes all major league players as of the end of the previous season and minor leaguers and free agents likely to be on major league rosters at the end of spring training . This work is without peer , but has many who attempt to do so , to be so , and all with equal lack of success .
 I thought bitting humor and brutal honesty were gone once `` The Scouting Report '' wimped out and eventually died several years ago , but upon purchasing this book I am delighted to see the return of analysis - in written format - of MLB players and prospects . Zipperheads can get pure numbers anywhere but objective opinions about defense , arm strength and other subjective areas of the game are a rarity . This book is a gem that I hope continues . And continues to be humorous and brutally honest . I have n't seen previous years so I do n't know if it 's lost anything but my opinion is it still has plenty left . Check out Jack Cust if you think it has no balls left ... . then read on for many more examples .
 This is a great book ! Great stats , good projections , good reading for the Fantasy and Baseball Fan
 This is an excellent resource for scouting baseball players for the upcoming season . Literally you get this book for $ 15 , and compared with the magazines you get for $ 8 , it is a great value . The book is full of stats you ca n't get anywhere else . Some in particular that I find valuable are the Groundball Percentages and new ` Stuff ' rankings for pitchers.They also do n't just give you numbers , but supply you with a scouting report on pretty much any player who is likely to play in the majors in the upcoming season including minor leaguers.Easily worth the $ 15 if you are trying to win a fantasy baseball league .
 The best baseball reference book by far ! Informative , concise and humorous . Just wish it was larger !
 Great information with some humor . A great book . The analysis of the teams and players is fantastic !
 If you 're a thinking baseball fan you need to read this book . It covers every player you 've heard of , and most of those you have n't . After reading this book , your next step is to go to their website ... on a daily basis for more of their top notch writing and analysis.Their team articles are insightful , witty , biting and entertaining . I find myself grabbing one of my three copies from my shelf and enjoying them , even if I pick the one that 's three years old . How many other baseball annuals can you say that about?Thanks guys ... keep up the good work .
 After years of withdrawal symptoms from missing my annual dose of Bill James , I have at last found a substitute . These guys are not always on the nose -- their obsession with positions is a bit limiting to my mind , for one thing -- but they 're right a helluva lot more often than they 're wrong , and they 've already proven themselves prophetic in many instances -LRB- for example , the White Sox 's migrating back to the middle of the pack and the Mets ' collapse -RRB- . Plus , they 're good writers -- not only are their analyses far more cogent than most sportswriters -LRB- admittedly , not a difficult task , since most sportswriters , not to mention analysts , ca n't tell their rear ends from their elbows -RRB- , but those analyses are great fun to read for aesthetic reasons.Anybody who really cares about the game will love this book .
 I really like the Baseball Prospectus website and I 've been buying these books yearly for a few years now . It features pretty decent write-ups and PECOTA projections for most players . I enjoy the books and enjoy looking at the projections for my favorite players -LRB- even though I do n't think they 've ever projected one of my players to have a better year ! -RRB- . I do wish they 'd start adding a little more to the book than they already do though . For instance this year they had a pretty decent write ups on fielder 's arm values and pitcher counts . It 'd be awesome if they 'd throw in more than a few extra pages at the end of the book for stuff like this.That being said it 's a good book to have fun with while we wait for spring training to wrap up and the real thing to begin . Just do n't be THAT guy that decides to quote PECOTA projections as his only legitimate baseball argument .
 Statheads and fantasy players know that the value of this book is to be found in its statistics and projections for future performances . Anyone playing in a long-term keeper league will benefit by keeping this near them on draft day as they look for prospects to take flyers on . The stats in this book are as good as ever , as is the top-100 prospect list.This edition falls flat in its essays . In the past the essays read like great magazine articles that mixed stats and narrative in a 1:9 ratio . This year 's essays are far more statitically driven , and are written in a 3:6 ratio , meaning that the flow of the articles is interuppted frequently by data analysis.This makes the book far dryer than usual , and more of a chore to get through . It 's still invaluable as a reference tool , but as entertainment it falls a little short .
 Baseball Prospectus opens up a new world for the uninitiated and continues to inform those of us who 've studied the game . Just put it on your springtime shopping list each year , kind of like grass seed .
 This is a very good book for the eariy history of Britain . Fantastic ! It covers when the Roman Legions were in Britain & when the Normans came to stay . The most interestering part I thought was coverage of the civil war there & the crusades -LRB- King Richard the Lion Heart -RRB- . The devastion of the Black Death , which killed millions in Britain & the rest of everywhere else . The war of the Roses was very interestering as well as devasting . The volume ends with the discovery & colonization of the New World . A Very good & fast paced history that helps the reader come to learn about & understand the early part of Britains history . A history that eventually led to the British Empire . A place where the sun never set on different parts of it . Great book . Loaded with information ! Highly recommend .
 This is a classic work of historical research . It is a must for any student of English history . It is concise and to the point . I especially enjoy the early centruies .
 I was reluctant to begin this one for which I now feel foolish . In my mind , Churchill is so strongly associated with World War II , that though I know he was a historian , I imagined his historical prose would sound like the radio broadcast addresses he made to rally the nation of Britain during the war . I know , I 'm really silly . This book is a masterpiece of narrative history . Churchill is comprehensive in his coverage , easy to read and generous with interesting details and connections.This volume is the first in Churchill 's comprehensive History of the English Speaking People . This volume contains three books which cover Roman Britain , the age of the Anglo-Saxon Kings and Vikings and finally , the medieval kings of England . Churchill ends in the 15th century with the War of the Roses.Churchill 's genius is in placing Britain and the English in the context of the broader theater of Europe while keeping the focus clearly on the lives of the leaders and common people who populated the British Isles.I 'd like to note that this is hardcore history . Churchill covers a great deal of ground with names and dates and documentary references that might make it dense to readers not used to reading this style of writing . I 've read far more stiff , less interesting and less detailed accounts of similar material , but that does n't make this &#34; historical fiction like &#34; a la Alison Weir . Never the less , and particularly in the first book on Roman Britain , this is a readable work and well worth reading . To date , I have not read anything that explains and provides as clear a portrait of Roman Britain . Churchill 's tales of war are also riveting . Edward I and III 's French exploits as well as his tales of the Henry 's gave me chills . Perhaps this is where the Churchill I expected comes through - though rather than a voice out of World War II , Churchill is truly a scholar speaking on the nation he loves in a voice for the ages . Good book !
 For those unfamiliar with Churchill , do not dive into this book looking for a university reader in English history . Churchill is a masterful writer and storyteller , and he weaves a tale for over 500 pages of the rise of England - from the pre-Roman times to the rise of the Tudors . Covering nearly 2000 years in 500 pages is a tall order , but Churchill spends adequate time on the major stories of the period . The book reads more like a novel than a scholarly history and the characters can come alive . A nice background on early English history for the &#34; casual &#34; reader .
 My two and half years old girl likes it so much , and every I want to allure her to bed to sleep , I will say read I Spy in bed .
 Great collection of I Spy books in one books . My son enjoys looking at these and never gets tired or looking for things .
 These books are the best . My kids all under 5 love them . They are so easy to understand that you do n't need to be there to explain or read what they are looking for it shoes the picture for them . I 'm defiantly going to buy more .
 Shipping was fast and packaging great . I was slightly disappointed that this seemed like an I Spy book for a much younger child than my 8 -LRB- almost 9 year old son -RRB- ... . I wish I had known that ahead of time . Still , a great beginner I spy book , well put together and nice sturdy cover . Thank you .
 My child loves the pictures and riddles . He will also make up his own riddles because there is just so mush stuff on each page .
 It is perfect for my hyper toddler boy . He loves to spy items especially cars . I 'll get more I spy books .
 My son loves the I Spy books , no matter what level they are . These are great books to keep their minds sharp .
 My 6 year old loves ispy things , so this was another hit for him . Not insanely simple , nor overly complex for a 6 year old .
 My six year old loves this collection ! The pictures help her find the items . It is perfect for a begging reader .
 Got this book to read with my little girl who just turned 2 , we really enjoy it , she keeps asking for it . This book got us into the `` I Spy '' mode , now we turn every book into an I Spy book . Well worth the $ 6 price tag . This book is compact and easy for toddler to carry around , she takes it to bed with her few days a week .
 Felix Markham 's work is quite short - a mere 304 pages . This is obviously not nearly long enough to give a full accounting of the life of Napoleon , one of the most extraordinary men in all of history . Still , for those readers who may not know much about Napoleon , this book is an excellent introduction . Being broad rather than deep , it covers most aspects of Napoleon 's life.If you want a full and deep study of Napoleon 's life , read the works of Vincent Cronin or Andre Castelot . If you want a brief overview , Markham 's book would serve very well .
 In his book , ` Napoleon , ' Felix Markham traces the rise and fall of one of the most important men in western history . As a biography , Markham sometimes relies too much questionable references , but as a history , ` Napoleon ' ranks among the great works on the subject . The reports of the battles and the men who served the Emperor are first rate . One can almost imagine being at Marengo , Austerlitz or Waterloo , or riding alside Ney , Marmont , or Junot . Perhaps some of the most appealing aspects of this book are the accounts of Napoleon 's life after his exile to St. Helena and the events surrounding his death . Markham also shows us how the Napoleonic legend helped to shape post-Imperial France . I would recomend this book to anyone who would like to know more about this facinating historical figure .
 Concise look at Napoleon and his exploits . This essay is best used as an introduction to be followed up by Schom , Asprey and Horne .
 If you 're looking for a complete account of post revolutionary Europe or of Napoleon 's life , this is not the right book.If what you 're looking for is a summary of major events in the life of Napoleon , then this is the right book . It does not go into detail and leaves out particularly interesting passages of Bonaparte 's carreer , such as some of the battles and in particular Auterlitz.As can be expected , if you have read about Napoleon before , you will be left with a sense of emptiness , as some critical and crucial events are covered in a single paragraph.The only major shortcomming of the book is that it practically ignores Napoleon 's relationship with women -LRB- Josephine , Marie-Louise -RRB- which as we all know is key to understanding Napoleonic history.The book is very well documented and overall presents a very nice introduction to Napoleon . Also , it is easy to read ...
 Felix Markham 's `` Napoleon '' is a triumph . It 's really a whirlwind history if you consider that within the first 100 pages you 've seen Napoleon rise from his fairly humble Corsican origins to First Consul . The pace of the book was definetly something that I enjoyed ! Markham details the rise to power , the political intrigues as well as the battles and campaigns that have in so many ways defined Napoleon . Napoleon 's decline , exile and the rehabilitation of the Napoleonic legend in France are also well covered.The strength of the book is that it 's really well written . It 's enjoyable to read , very clear and concise . While the biography may be criticized as being pro-Napoleon , I did n't feel he was unduly so , in fact his description of Napoleon as an enigma seems quite accurate and is probably one of the reasons that Napoleon continues to be controversial and of interest . As for the layout , I disliked having the maps at the end of the book , but that is of course a very minor issue.This is definetly a good introduction for anyone interested in learning more about Napoleon .
 Markham 's book on Napolean is incredibly fast paced . Napolean 's life could -LRB- and often does -RRB- fill volumes , but Markham fits it all in a surprisingly small book . I bought this book on a recommendation from a history professor with the intention of quickly filling in a gap of history that I was less informed about . Essentially , it did just that . You could almost compare the book to a large encyclopedia entry . Not that it 's bland or dry , but it is informative and sans literary fluff.Overall , however , I enjoyed the book and would definitely would recommend it to anyone seeking to quickly grasp who Napolean was and how his life shaped Europe . A great introduction to this overwritten topic .
 For an introduction to or a refresher course in the life of Napoleon Bonaparte , readers would do well to invest in Felix Markham 's 270-page mini-biography `` Napoleon '' , published in 1963 . Succinct it definitely is , which means that military campaigns requiring a great deal of detail tend to be a little dry , while Napoleon 's coronation -LRB- depicted by David as one of the great spectacles in the first half of the 19th Century -RRB- is covered by Markham in a few brush strokes . The true value of the book , aside from its synopsis of a dazzling history , is Markham 's incisive study of Napoleon 's personality and the enormous effect he had on his generation as well as those to come . Junot is quoted as saying
 Thousands of books have been written on the life of Napoleon -LRB- 1769-1821 -RRB- and his world . Your humble reviewer has read many lengthy accounts of the famous French Emperor . Howeverfor a relatively short -LRB- 319 pages in the Signet Classics edition -RRB- biography I always turn to Felix Markham . Markham , an Oxford professor , published his book in 1963 . It serves as an excellent introduction to the life and career of one of history 's most importer movers and shakers.Napoleon was born in Corsica in 1769 . He studied at French military schools ; became a career military officers rising to first consul of the French republic and later the Emperor of the French . He was brilliant , hot blooded and one of the great captains of history . Napoleon fought France 's many enemies with genius . Among his triumphs werre the battles of Marengo , Austerlitz , Eylau , Ulm and many others . He was deposed following his defeat by a coalition of European powers . Napoleon returned to France from his exile on Elbe . His 100 days of power ended with total defeat by the Duke of Wellington 's forces at Waterloo in 1815 . Napoleon suffered major defeats in Spain and Russia . The little corporal was wed twice
 A concise but very complete story of his life and times . It almost reads like a novel as you are anxious to see what happens next . It explains the politics very well and provides very good desciptions of the forces shaping history both in France and in the beligerent countries . A lot of learning in a small book . His desription of the Continental System and its results are first rate .
 This little little book of about 250 pages of tightly pressed print gives a more than sufficient first overlook at this man 's life and era . It covers , I believe , all the facets of his life , from family man , through lover , to war titan , politician and emperor . From his Corcegan cultural inheritance to his Saint Helen exile and even the immediate post-Napoleonic times . The story is not entangled as one might expect from having so much to tell about in so reduced a space , but it is lively and amazingly devoid of any bias or prejudice . To the point , giving each important issue its time and space , if however pithy , and moving forward never losing a bit . Perhaps one should expect a little more ink spent on big issues like the great battles , say Waterloo for instance , dealt with in just a couple pages , which could have been done to the detriment of his years on Saint Helen , and rightly so . In my opinion.But overall a very good place indeed to get started on the times and on the extraordinary man known by history as Napoleon Bonaparte . What comes out of the reading of this book is the plain facts and the plain man .
 The Winds of light books are great ! This one is no exception , but I like the first 6 the best . The only reason I gave this book a 4 star rating is because the other 6 were better . I would of gave it a 5 if I had not read the others .
 The first six books were better , but this book is still a great book . It is one that anyone would love in there collection .
 VOICES IN SUMMER begins in a suburb of London with Laura Haverstock , a thirty something woman who has just learned that she must have surgery immediately . Laura , married only for six months to Alec , had been in the midst of planning their fishing vacation to Scotland with a group of her husband 's oldest friends . She insists that Alec go on his annual fishing trip without her which he reluctantly consents to do ; however , he will not leave until after her surgery and then only if she will agree to recuperate at the home of his Uncle Gerald on the coast of Cornwall.Laura is about fifteen years younger than her new husband and is filled with worries about his earlier marriage and the friends that knew his first wife . She 's also concerned about his teenage daughter who she 's not yet met . She 's very insecure with her new life ! Laura and her little dog , Lucy are made very welcome by Gerald and his wife , Eve . Days are spent relaxing on the patio and swimming at the beach . Eve 's son , Ivan is also kind to Laura and takes her on several jaunts around the area . Cornwall is beautiful and Laura finds herself comfortable and basking in the life of a loving family and their social world.As she heals , Laura begins working out her life and how she 'll handle all of the situations that have been bothering her . The dreamy vacation starts to change when poison pen letters show up . The writer of the letters makes nasty accusations about Laura and Ivan . In the midst of it all , Laura is also surprised by a visit from her new stepdaughter.Rosamunde Pilcher has a wonderful way of writing interesting stories about families and all of the complex relationships that are involved . She also makes me want to visit Cornwall where many of her books take place . .
 Rosamunde Pilcher takes us once again to Cornwall , her idyllic kingdom where the people chase away problems with cups of teas and work out frustrations by deadheading their roses . It 's a friendly , compassionate world where family is the most important commodity . Laura Haverstock , a thirty-something newlywed in London , has to have surgery at the same time she and her new husband are planning a trip to Scotland with his oldest and dearest friends . Laura has never fit in with the group , in part because they were close friends with husband Alec 's first wife . Not wanting to keep him from making the annual trip , she agrees to recuperate in the tranquil home of his Uncle Gerald , a retired Admiral living in Cornwall.Gerald 's new wife , Eve , is never one to turn away a stray , so also living on the grounds are her dashingly handsome son Ivan , a free spirted flute player and her infant son , and Eve 's former nanny who is growing more senile by the day . In addition to these characters , there is a lonely neighbor nearby and a long-lost daughter who arrives from America via the Caribbean.It is n't long before poison pen letters start arriving and the accusations in them are damning . Could a neighbor be a promiscuous trollop ? Could Laura be having an affair with Eve 's stepson ? Where is all this leading and who is sending the letters ? With a touch of Agatha Christie like deftness , Pilcher leads the reader down a garden path and unveils the villain.As in all Pilcher novels , the reader is left uplifted at the end as relationships are strengthened and we can assume that everyone lives happily ever after .
 This novel is perhaps , my favorite in my much-loved collection of Rosamunde Pilcher books . It 's a departure of sorts from Ms. Pilcher 's typical sagas , in that there is a bit of a mystery involved . I LOVE a great mystery!The story begins in London with Laura , married for only six months to Alec , finding she must have immediate surgery and therefore ruining their plans for a vacation to Scotland with a group of her husband 's oldest friends . She , INSISTS that Alec go on his annual fishing trip without her which he is reluctant to do ; however , only if she will agree to recuperate at the home of his Uncle and Aunt on the coast of Cornwall will he even consider this trip without her . This may seem a bit harsh , but Laura is adament.Insecure Laura , being about fifteen years younger than her new husband , is filled with angst about his first marriage and the friends that knew his first wife . She 's also concerned about his mysterious teenaged daughter whom she 's not yet met and Alec never mentions.During her stay , Laura begins thinking about her life and all of the feelings that have been bothering her . The relaxing recovery starts to change when a jealous neighbor goes on a plot to ruin Laura 's life . The horrible sequence of events are kept secret from Laura , however there are several unhappy moments for her that makes her grow into a stronger individual.As if she does n't have enough to contend with , Laura is surprised by a visit from her never-before-seen stepdaughter who has her own problem to share with Laura.Rosamunde Pilcher has a wonderful way of writing interesting stories about families ; -LRB- sometimes -RRB- weak women that turn their lives around and become strong.This was usual for Ms. Pilcher in the lovely descriptions ; what I really enjoyed was the `` who-done-it '' !
 It 's the most enjoyable book I have ever read . I think the way the author describes the landscapes is incredible . The content of the book is very very nice . What I liked most of it , was the annonymous one of the characters used to write . If you read it , I 'm sure you 'll enjoy it a lot .
 I do n't think I 've ever read a book by Rosamunde Pilcher that I did n't ever love ! This one measures up to all of her others and I always feel like I 'm curling up with a cozy warm blanket when I open one of her books ! THANK YOU for another wonderful read !
 Received item quickly and in good condition . It 's great to get large print books for the elderly . After they are read they will be given to library for others to enjoy .
 I find Rosamunde Pilcher to be a fascinating story-teller . Yes , these are romance stories , and that is usually not my favorite type of story , as I am a mystery buff.Laura Haverstock is recovering from an illness in a beautiful environment with total strangers , relatives of her husband 's , and is wrapped in loving friendship and comfort . She is also longing to bond with her husband Alec 's daughter , Gabriel , who has lived in the United States most of her life . All things come together , as Gabriel arrives in Scotland , on the coast of Cornwall , and her life is mended again.I have read many , many books by Mrs Pilcher . My favorite of all is The Shell Seekers , but I would recommend everyone of her books to someone who is looking for a `` feel-good '' book to read , nothing complicated and requiring deep concentration ; just a story to read , looking forward to a mostly happy ending , and getting intertwined in the lives of those in the plot . Great reading !
 Got the product in a timely manner - in good condition . It 's what I asked for - Very Good .
 Laura , a young second wife , is faced with all the usual barriers to happiness , plus some dramatically different ones . Working on her behalf , however , are an accepting extended family , the comfort of wealth , and a truly trusting relationship with her new husband . She is faced with a absent stepdaughter who is an enigma , old friends of her husband 's first wife who ca n't quite let go of the past , and dangerous enemies in both her own health and in the neighborhood where she chooses to recuperate from surgery . All the strands of the story are skillfully woven into a promising ending , complete with surprises of its own . As in other works from this author , the reader gains from Voices in Summer a comfortably intimate knowledge of some charming , and charmed , people , as well as a delightfully engrossing tale . A perfect vacation read .
 NEVER SALUTE WITH A BROKEN GARTER '' is a collection of Peggy Lutz ` smemories between the years of 1944 and 1946 , primarily recounting lifeof a young woman doing her part for the War effort as a US Navy WAVE.Women Accepted for Volunteer Service , or WAVES , was a fully pledged anduniformed auxiliary attached to the US Navy only during WWII . Theyperformed most of the same stateside assignments as their malecounterparts.Because very little has been written about these women in uniform Lutzexplains that her hope is that `` NEVER SALUTE WITH A BROKEN GARTER '' willshed some light on `` all the little threads that made up the fabric of military life for a woman between 1944 and 1946 .
 Whether you are a believer in God and Jesus Christ , or are still searching for what you believe , this book needs to be read by everyone ! A dying declaration from anyone is considered of utmost importance whether it is who shot you or what you see as you approach the minute of death . These words are chilling when you realize that these are the last words that these people ever spoke and many are telling you what they are seeing as death overtakes tired bodies .
 This is an interesting book . However , some of it seems to be heresay . I read part of this book years ago and it seems that this may be a revised edition with some famous people missing .
 Have n't read all of it , but it is pretty interesting so far . Do n't spend more than 5 bucks .
 Herbert Lockyer 's painstaking collection of famous death bedprofessions and confessions are both inspiring and disturbing.Apparently , when death is approching both saints and sinnersalike will reveal their true thoughts and beliefs . Hatsoff to yet another Herbert Lockyer best seller . -LRB- If not itshould be -RRB- . Read this book if you are a Christian and seewhat self examination will bring . If you are not a believerby alls means read it anyway .
 Herbert Lockyer 's painstaking collection of famous death bedprofessions and confessions are both inspiring and disturbing.Apparently , when death is approching both saints and sinnersalike will reveal their true thoughts and beliefs . Hatsoff to yet another Herbert Lockyer best seller . -LRB- If not itshould be -RRB- . Read this book if you are a Christian and seewhat self examination will bring . If you are not a believerby alls means read it anyway .
 Okay I sooooooo love this book ! It tells you where to find the gods and goddess 's of the old in the modern world . It Talks about how you dont need Booku bucks to have the aproperiate tools for spells . and its just plain kewl . not your ordinary book . for the richer folk . its down to my budget . which is so kewl . anyways . I love the drawings and the `` City Totems '' also the section on Body Piercings was great . anyways check it out . you wont be left wanting . .
 I bought this book while browsing through the book store one afternoon . The cover I have to admit drew my attention . Having just browsed through the `` occult '' section , and reading bits from many of the books there , the cover was surely different.I have read many books on paganism , from many different `` path '' viewpoints , and have come to the conclusion that a lot of authors would just save time by copying a book of another author , and claiming it as theirs . I mean why not ? They mostly all contain the same things.This book however was a bit different . I mean yeah . . sure . . it has some of the basic stuff in it , but the ideas are presented in a refreshing new way . I liked it a lot . I like that the authors place very little importance in buying expensive items to practice your `` craft '' with . Because you know I am sure those Witches of old bought a copper wand off e-bay . . hehe . Of course they didnt , they used whatever was handy , whatever was near , and this is what the book teaches.I suggest this book to anyone that is tired of the hype ... tired of the fluffbunnies -LRB- and if you know what that is , then I am sure you are who I am talking about -RRB- .
 Someone commented that you ca n't just make up dieties . Our ancestors made up their deities to explain their world . If they lived in concrete jungles like we do , who 's to say they would n't have worshiped Skor . We all worship who ever and in what ever way makes sense and feels right to us . This book helped me connect to the spiritual a lot more than the high ceremonial structured rituals of Buckland . Yeah the names of the triple dieties are a little strange and perhaps the offerings are not quite what the Covenant of the Goddess would find `` appropriate '' but not all of us have access to the right herbs or robes or chalices . Some of us need reminders that it does n't matter what we use to practice our magic , it 's in the intention.This book is written by real people , living in the real world , working real magic . And as a witch living in the city , I can relate much more to this than just about any other . Scott Cunningham even said it does n't matter what tools you use , a butter knife can make an excellent athame . Tannin & Raven are just following that philosophy . Anyone who thinks this is silly should get off their moral high horse and `` practice what they preach '' . An it harm none , do what you will .
 With so many books going over the basics again and again or outlining complicated rituals and spells , I found Urban Primitive to be refreshing and useful . Pointing out the unique problems inherent in urban living and offering magical solutions in plain language , this book won a place in my heart . In addition , the authors took into account the role of body modification and other modern urban rituals that are being used in the real pagan community . Bravo !
 This is long overdue . Most people get only so far along in the Modern Primitive scene without `` going native '' . Here is a book that gives excellent and easily followed guidelines for anyone who wants more from their experiences as a Modern Primitve . Combining Piercings , Humor and Good Spirituality , this is a great buy .
 I snapped this book up because it looked like just the sort of book for me
 Would n't it be wonderful if all Pagans could afford to live close to nature somewhere out in the country , or at least have a nice big back yard in the suburbs ? As a Wiccan I 've been lucky enough to have access to some lovely back yards where my Coven could conduct beautiful outdoor rituals . Not everyone is so lucky -LRB- Or even so inclined - some city dwellers would be bored silly in the country or the suburbs -RRB- . What if you find yourself broke and living in the city ? Can you still connect with deity ? with nature ? with other people ? Can do you do magic when you do n't have money for all those supplies listed in various books ? You bet you can . This writer shows you that you can do magick , connect with the spirit of the city , invoke and evoke the gods and goddess of the urban environment and much more ! I loved this book and will be keeping it for a reference .
 This book shows that you can take the Pagan out of the country , but you ca n't take the country out of the Pagan ! The Old Ways can live on in the form of new rituals , totems and dieties . As other reviewers mention , you will need to know the basics before some of these chapters will make sense . The Urban Primitive
 I found this book to be a refreshing change among the cookie-cutter Pagan books on the market . It is a practical , straightforward description of Pagan spirituality in the city . I like the fact that the authors do not steer clear of subjects that are controversial -LRB- like blood letting -RRB- , choosing instead to offer practical advice.What I like about the book is that it has what many others are missing - it explains how to express * your * spirituality , not try to recreate the spirituality of people outside of your culture , environment and time-frame . There are some hokey things I did n't like , like the urban triple goddess and god , as another reviewer already mentioned . I would not suggest that people read about them and adopt them as their own manifestation of divinity , but choose instead to do as the book tells you to do in other places - communicate with the energies around you and accept the ways it manifests on its * own * terms.The topics covered include practical advice on spellcasting , getting the feel for the energies around you , working with them and cleaning up , clothing and body decoration -LRB- with a very good description of the various spiritual purposes behind piercings and tattoos -RRB- , Pagan children , exploring your under world , small list of resources , and much more.In general I think the book is extremely practical and relevant . It does not recreate old religions , or create new ones , nor does it tell you things must be done a certain way . Good read for everyone I think.Medium sized paper back 255 pages -LRB- minus index -RRB- 19 chapters .
 I liked this book , for many of the reasons that those who gave it poor reviews disliked it.First some disclaimers :1 . I 'm not a Wiccan . I follow a very different magickal/spiritual path , but I see value in learning insights from other traditions2 . I 'm a dyed in the polyester urbanite . The raw natural world gives me hives .3 . I have academic degrees in folklore , semiotics and mythology and regard things from these perspectives as well as my spiritual experiences.First , to those who object in general to the introduction of `` urbanism '' or technology into `` earth centered religions ''
 A little about me
 While this book does feature references to three-form deities divided into God and Goddess , it is not appropriate for most Wiccans or those working from a Wiccan background ; nor is it appropriate for those who think religion or spirituality need to be taken seriously to be legitimate . This does n't make it a bad book -LRB- it 's actually excellent , in my opinion -RRB- , and it does n't make people who dislike it bad people ; I would also say that the New Testament is not appropriate for Jews , although it is written as dealing with the same deity.This is a book for the sacred fool , the polytheists who incorporate humor into their practice , the pagan on a budget who ca n't afford -LRB- and does n't want -RRB- to practice skyclad in an open field on a full moon night surrounded by silver tools . It 's a book for people who -- like me -- find carbonated energy drinks to be just as appropriate sacrifices to certain spirits as mead and wine are to others .
 All too often books on magick are set in some utopian rural environment . The reality of it is , most of us live either in cities or suburbs . We do n't deal on a daily basis with the gods of woodland and field , we deal with the gods of concrete and mass transit.Kaldera and Schwarzstein have put together a great field manual for the urban pagan . Everything from protecting oneself from the dangers of the city to dealing with the urban gods Squat , Scram , Skor and their consorts.This is a good starting point for the newly-pagan urban dweller as well as an excellent reference for the more advanced practitioner seeking to adapt zir practice to an urban environment.Definitely a keeper !
 My late husband And I enjoyed this book , and especially liked the illustrations.I found much practical information that I wish I or my caretakers had known at certain times in my past.When the authors present information that may be hazardous , they identify it as such and offer cautions or alternatives . If you do n't want to put automotive fluids on your altar , use product labels or even cards with chemical formulas for the fluids . If you do n't want to invoke a dragon to protect your car , do something different , for Hel 's sake!I 'm not into body mod , myself , but found the section on clothing useful . Besides , temporary tatoos work as well as ink.Using clear , charged vegetable oil to mark public areas with protective sigils is not ` graffiti ' as one reviewer suggested . Using already existing graffiti for an altar or personal sigil is preferable to making any more , however.Author Michael Cochrane -LRB- Naked Magic -RRB- says that if you can name something , you can workWith it . Why ca n't there be a spirit of parking spaces , trashpicking , The Inner Voice , etc. , by whatever name you choose to give it ? Incidentally , there 's great power in play and humor . Advice to critics
 Sam Sheridan gets back from the trenches of WW1 and marries his hormone driven girlfriend , Georgia . An attorney 's letter from Dane , Texas informs him that he has been bequeathed a 100 acre plot by an unknown benefactor . They travel to the town and meet with a wave of hostility . With a motley group of outcasts and , against all odds and expert opinion , they drill for oil . The book unfolds Sam 's link to this mean little town and as they edge closer to striking the oil they uncover the sins and secrets of his legacy . Wealth beyond their dreams has its payback and into their lives steps a half-breed Cherokee who will ignite uncontrollable passions and cause upheavals that will go on to change their world and lives forever . -LRB- `` The Wardens '' by this same author is also highly recommended -RRB-
 A friend recommended this as `` THE best book he has ever read ! '' I do n't share that high opinion , but did find it an enjoyable read . Good characters , engaging story line with a couple of surprising twists along the way . Reminded me a little of the movie `` Giant . '' Some people might be put off by the explicit sexual descriptions , but they were not numerous and had a purpose in the story .
 I read this book in 1 sitting . I made the mistake and let a friend borrow it . She moved and took it with her . That was over 10 years ago and I still hold a grudge ! I am dying to find a copy !
 Fire Works , Hand Dipped Ice Cream , Live Bait and Jesus Saves by F. Vernon Chandler is an all out great book . It is full of exciting short stories and real life experiences that Vernon has had in his 50 plus long years of life . It is an entertaining and thought provoking collection of writings that will have you not only laughing but also thinking about life and what is important . Vernon 's sense of humor will always bring out a laugh and a smile and maybe a tear or two as you read this book . And yes , those `` not so smart '' things really happened . This book will also have you examing your on spiritual thoughts and ideas of what is really important in life . I highly recommend this book not just because he is my big brother , but because I know you will enjoy each and every page .
 Ancient Israel by Harry Orlinsky is the first book in the Development of Western Civilization series from Cornell University Press . In it , Dr. Orlinsky traces the steps of the Jewish people from their early origins in the Fertile Crescent , through Egyptian captivity , the Exodus , the period of the Judges , the Kingdom , the Babylonian exile and eventually to the Restoration.Like many scholars , Dr. Orlinsky dismisses the historical credibility of the supernatural events recorded in the Bible and doubts the direct , personal interaction between God and people . Even so , he affirms the Bible as `` constituting unusually reliable historical documents of antiquity . '' This good little book is an easy to read , relatively short survey of the Old Testament . He intertwines the historical record with the prophetic message to form a clear picture of the ancient Jewish life.As good as this book is , Dr. Orlinsky , I 'm quite sure , would recommend that you just go straight to the source . Want to know the history of ancient Israel ? Just read the Bible .
 Perfect for anyone who wants to read Goethe 's peotry in German and understand it as well . For those familar with the German language , Goethe is n't the easiest writer to understand in German .
 I bought this book to help me learn German but I realized that I was n't a huge fan of poetry . Goethe has a great writing style but I , being a philistine , could not appreciate his works . The english and german translations were placed conveniently next to each other for easy translation . I would recommend this book to someone who actually enjoys poetry .
 If you are interested in Renaissance Italy , gender studies , or the history of the Christian Church , this book is for you . This book presents the story of an ambitious abbess on the road to sainthood a la Catherine of Siena and her fall from grace as she becomes too powerful for the comfort of her male collegues . It is the story of the making and unmaking of a saint . This is one of my favorite books of all time .
 In the year 1600 , at the tender age of nine , Benedetta Carlini was sent to a nunnery in the small city of Pescia in north-central Italy . What today might be considered cruel and highly unusual was then a way for Benedetta 's somewhat well-to-do parents to provide their daughter with protection . After several years at the nunnery which Brown describes as fairly unremarkable , Benedetta began to have a series of increasingly disturbing visions , including being sexually harassed by demons . Sister Benedetta was eventually assigned a companion named Bartolomea Crivelli -LRB- also a sister in the convent -RRB- whose presence , as the subtitle hints at , would later become problematic for her . Bartolomea 's job was to assist Benedetta through her `` periods of ecstasy , '' and was present when she supposedly received the stigmata and exchanged mystical hearts with Christ.Naturally , this caught the attention of a Counter-Reformation Catholic Church whose main goal was maintaining a sense of propriety . Two separate people -LRB- men , naturally -RRB- were set out to Pescia to investigate what was happening . Stefano Cecchi was the first to investigate Benedetta over a number of visits throughout late 1619 . Cecchi 's main purpose was to ensure that she was remaining within theologically accepted boundaries , which she was extremely conscious of doing , knowing that moving outside of them would have put her reputation , and more importantly her life , in danger . Cecchi , satisfied that Benedetta was not a heretic , left quietly to resume his position as the provost of Pescia . At least for a while , things appeared to return to normal inside the convent.At some time between August 1622 and March 1623 , the papal nuncio sent several representatives , led by Alfonso Giglioli , to examine Benedetta 's claims again . In 1620 , she had become an abbess at the incredibly young age of thirty , but had been deeply troubled by the recent death of her father . The nuncio 's representatives proceeded much in the same way as in the earlier set of visits . Their final ruling on Benedetta 's case is n't even given until the beginning of the epilogue : `` The story of Benedetta Carlini is shrouded in mystery for the next forty years . No records exist of the nuncio 's pronouncements , and it is only the chance survival of one fragment of one nun 's diary that allows us to know the outcome . On August 7 , 1661 , that nun , whose name has not come down to us , wrote in her diary
 This book is a fabulous depiction of the Italian nun , Benedetta Carlini , whose drive for ambition in the Catholic church drove her to get the help of her lesbian lover to create the illusion of stigmata . Through this , she moves to new heights of power and respect in the church and brings money and fortune to the church ... but upon accusations and scrutiny , she 's brought down to pay for her ambition . The story is a tenderly told one . It has feminist elements and deals with the desperate desire of spoils , along with a not-so-pretty picture of the Church .
 This is the true story of a mother superior named Sister Benedetta Carlini and another nun from a small village near Florence in 17th century Italy who basically liked to rub bodies together in bed until they reached orgasm . This if course was a big no-no if you 're a nun sworn to chastity . People found out and there was a trial in which the private sex life of these two nunnies was exposed . The scandal made them both lose their reputations . This is one of the earliest and most sensationalistic accounts of lesbian love on record . The fact that it was between two nuns makes it just that much more shocking and intriguing . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I ordered this book after visiting the Amazon and Dr. Smith 's clinic . The descriptions of her work there and her clinic , local people and their community , culture , climate , plant and animal life were spot on so it was a joy to read and added depth to my travel experience . Dr. Smith 's medical dedication and adjustment to life on the Amazon is inspirational .
 A unique story of medicine in the jungle . I enjoyed the challenges , life and contribution to humankind that Dr. Linnea-Smith and her helpers provided . Hope to visit some day .
 We met Dr. Smith when recently in the Amazon in Peru . She cured my husband 's plantar fascitis with a shot of lidocaine which we feel enabled him to walk properly and thus stretch the fachitis . It cost 25cents for the lidocaine and needle and he had spent way more of that in the States with a cordisone shot , MRI , special night boot , creams to rub on his foot , etc. . In any event we love this woman and have begun a correspondence with her and her foundation . Her book tells how she left a thriving practice in Wisconsin to come to the Amazon and open a clinic . She is a very special lady . Her story moves quickly and is interesting . If you ever were tempted to do good in the world this woman takes you step by step on her journey . Truth is often better than fiction .
 This is a well written book that engages the reader in life on the river and the problems and innovative solutions the author achieved.I visited her clinic and it is wonderful the care the people can receive .
 La Doctora was on a reading list and was by far the favorite of every reader . I loved this book .
 I learned about this book by traveling to Explorama lodge in the Amazon jungle of Peru in May , which is where the author resides . This is a great book about the challenges , struggles and triumphs of an amazing woman that gave up a lot to fulfill a need in a strange area where she did n't even speak the language . Linnea Smith is an inspiration to others that wish to step outside of their comfort zone to serve the greater good .
 This book captures the spirit of the Peruvian Amazon . It moved my husband and I to travel to the Amazon rainforest after reading it . The book captures the gentle spirit of the riberanos -LRB- the people who live there -RRB- and the captivating beauty of the jungle . Dr. Smith has followed her inner guidance and has made a real difference in the world .
 It was wonderful to finally read this book after visiting Linnea 's clinic a couple of years ago . Her story is fascinating and is one I find myself telling people about . Linnea has a great sense of humor and an amazing ability to adapt to conditions and be creative . Here is a woman who is working hard on adapting to a different culture while being true to herself and saving lives and making lives better in the process .
 This is an inspiring book that 's a pleasure to read . It gives the reader the vicarious enjoyment of being part of a noble endeavor . In an age of `` road rage '' and the obsessive accumulation of more and more things -LRB- which often do not make us happy -RRB- , it 's exhilarating to experience a taste of Dr. Linnea 's life.Dr . Linnea shows us how one can give up almost all the material possessions and creature comforts of the modern world and still find meaning , happiness , and personal fulfillment . Dr. Linnea has created for herself a significant life . A life with much to teach a troubled world.While missionaries have long sacrificed themselves to serve God , win the eternal salvation of lost souls , and earn a place in the pantheon of saints , Dr. Linnea does it for the pure humanity of the effort . Goodness is indeed its own reward in this Amazon outpost.Because of Dr. Linnea 's `` wonderful life '' , many lives have been enriched and some even saved . More importantly , countless hours of suffering have been alleviated . This is the most humane thing
 It was n't so long ago that I had the privilege of meeting Linnea in Peru . She was just coming back from a fundraising journey to the States , where she received a prize of recognition for her selfless work in Amazonia . I was with a tour group that was to stay at several Amazonian jungle lodges . The Amazon was in it 's annual flood stage and the only way any of us could get around was by small boat . La doctora Linnea had her own dugout which she paddled to and from the clinic , the lodge and her patients all by herself , in a dress . She wore skirts almost entirely because of the humidity and local custom . The only women who wear shorts or pants in Amazonia are tourists and scientists . Every evening Linnea would come to the lodge for a bit of relaxation and conversation with whomever was staying there , but one could n't help but notice how more comfortable she was in the company of the locals and guides . The Ribiernos -LSB- local river dwellers -RSB- did n't ask rude or probing questions . They were friendly without conpromising her privacy.This ingrained need to keep part of herself to herself comes through in the book she 's written . She 's happy to talk about her work and her love of the people , but reveals little of her previous life . I recommend this book for the incredible story , the sense of place , to learn about people we would otherwise never know . She may not speak book-learned Spanish , but communicates fluently with her friends and patients . As she writes , she arrived in Peru speaking no Spanish .
 As the author of a book about the same region , HIDDEN AMAZON , I found Linnea Smith 's book fascinating . From Wisconsin , Linnea tells why she has gone to the Amazon -LRB- she 's still there -RRB- and how she feels about the conditions , the jungle , and the people . Perhaps most instructive is her detailed account of the medical conditions she encounters and how she treats them under the most primitive conditions . She works , lives , and eats at Explorama Lodge , a popular stop for trekkers in the area . This is one of the few jungle lodges with a doctor on the staff . And LA DOCTORA is one of the best books about the rain forest and its medical services .
 To be honest , I was a little hesitant buying this book . I 've read about 15 books on the Amazon and I thought this just might be another recap of the same journeys that I 've read about . This was not the case at all . Once I picked up this book , I could n't put it down . It was so well written , it kept me glued to every page . I could n't help reading page after page to see what was going to happen next.I have visited the area that the author was working in and her story made me feel as though I was back in the jungle with her , experiencing all that she wrote about . I felt connected to her and the way she viewed the U.S. after vacationing in Peru . Although she does n't come right out and `` badmouth '' the US , she does point out just how many comforts we take advantage of . She eludes to the emptiness we feel as Americans , having every material possession known to man , and still being unhappy . She discusses her hesitantcy to leave her American life behind in pursuit of a dream that seemed crazy at in point . In the final analysis , her story is a perfect example of how one person can make a difference .
 This is a light-hearted and easy read . I am a physician who enjoyed the medical aspects of this fellow physician 's adventures , but it can easily be enjoyed by non-medical readers as well .
 I met La Doctora just as the book was being written . -LRB- I believe it was ghost written , which is probably not unusual . -RRB- Jackie and I spent a few days at Explorama and talked at some length with Dr. Linnea . This book is not embellished in any way . This is an accurate account of life in that part of the world.Her descriptions of places were perfectly clear to me , since I 've been there . It 's hard to know how these descriptions will play out in the mind 's eye of other readers . The beginning of the book was particularly fascinating.Our face-to-face meeting left me with the impression that she is not trying to run away from society , not trying to crusade for the underprivileged , not trying to be `` holier than thou '' . She really likes what she is doing . The book confirms this.When you read this book you are looking inside La Doctora . Nothing is hidden . There are no pretenses . She is simply good people.Incidently , she wanted the book named `` At the River 's Edge '' and the publishers wanted `` La Doctora '' . The publishers won .
 Linnea Smith 's story captures you from the very beginning . Telling of her experiences as a physician in the Amazon jungle often keeps you on the edge of your seat . Taken directly from her journals , it discusses her experiences over a 7 year period of practicing medicine in the jungle without all the current medical technology . She also talks of the natives , their beliefs and some difficulties encountered because of the disparity of cultures . This book is an easy and enjoyable read .
 I met Dr Smith last month at her new clinic while vacationing on the Amazon River . This book was especially meaningful since we were in many of the places she talks about . I can understand completely why she came to the region for a vaction but never left . Her book provides a beautiful insight into the Amazon region and it 's people . The Peruvian people in the Amazon , have very little by American standards , but they appear to be very content and happy with the lives they lead . And she chronicles this beautifully in her book , both the positive and the negative aspects of practicing , with very little equipment or supplies.She provides , from an outsiders perspective , the problems with practicing medicine not knowing the language and have to go thru so much ` red tape ' to get the supplies and the Peruvian medical degree needed to legally treat the people she cared about.Fortunately she has been able to develop a great support system in Wisconsin , people who are able to acquire the supplies needed to built and outfit her new clinic . She is a testament to the medical profession , one who practice for the love of it after falling in love with one of the most beautiful areas of the world.A fantastic diary of a doctor making a real difference in the lives of people who had only the ` medicine men ' of the Amazon ...
 During travels to the Explorama Lodges twice , I was able to see what Dr. Smith has been able to accomplish . She is a marvelously dedicated individual . This books is a diary of her experiences , but after having visited the area , I was also able to have similar experiences from a tourist perspective . Dr. Smith , who I have met and talked to is a creative , stong and full person , dedicated to make a difference for the people in this area of the Amazon . She has done that and the book tells her story .
 The best fantasy writers not only invite us to explore the magical , but guide us along the way with credible , world-building skills and sympathetic , recognizable characters that engage our imagination , but never tax our belief . Such is the case with Barbara Campbell 's HEARTWOOD.I read this book over the course of a weekend in spring but for all I knew , I was not sitting in my backyard with the drone of cars and leaf-blowers and other modern `` conveniences '' competing for my attention . Instead , I was transported to the land of the Oak-Lord and the Holly-Lord where a Midwinter battle determined the advent of spring or the curse of a world locked in the frozen grip of winter.And it is `` heart '' that is the key word in this novel . While the fantastic descriptions will delight and frighten , the characters , from the troubled hero , Darak , to the wise , but aging Tree-Father , Struath , to the sadistic villain Morgath -- all -- are `` known '' to us on some level . And that , in my opinion , is this author 's greatest gift . Even the god Trickster , cunning , conceited and unpredictable as he is , reminds us of the times we wonder if our Maker does n't have an unusual sense of humor.If you want to experience a seemingly lost world where the changing seasons are greeted with hope , awe and wonder versus large appliance sales , read HEARTWOOD . I ca n't wait for Ms. Campbell 's next book .
 Heartwood offers us a world where magic , shamans , spirits and gods are not metaphors to explain reality , but ARE reality . Heartwood tells the story of the spring that will not come because the battle between the sacred trees of the people has not gone according to custom . The balance of nature is off and a brave band of folk go off into the endless winter to see if they can set it right . On their journey they meet gods who walk the earth
 After the darkest night of the year , imagine it never got brighter.Faced with the unimaginable , Darak sets out to both return balance to his world and save the brother who 's caught up in the struggle . The characters are richly drawn , from the haunted Darak to the dark and oh so enticing Morgath.One of my biggest problems with fantasy novels is that the women seem to just be there to worry about the hero , hope he likes them , and get rescued . In Heartwood , Griane is as strong as Darak . They 're delightful characters to revisit again and again . Heartwood was a fantastic read .
 The tribe of the Oak has suffered tremendous losses due to plague but they still intend to observe the midwinter ritual where the Oak-Lord and the Holly-lord battle . Oak defeats Holly so that spring will arrive . Darak the hunter is not looking forward to this ritual because his beloved brother Tinnean will become Tree-Brother , apprenticed to the Tree father and will owe his allegiance to his master instead of his family.When it is time to travel to the dimension where the First Forrest lives , Darak refuses to join them and witness the loss of the brother who will be part of yet separate from the tribe . Something goes wrong at the ritual and the Oak and Tinnean disappear . Tinnean 's body is inhabited by the Holly-Lord while the Oak and Darak 's brother are in the land of Chaos , put there by the spirit of Morgoth , the evil Tree-Father , who held the position before Strauth killed him . Darak and his allies prepare to do battle to bring Tinnean back into his body and finish the rite so spring will return.Think Jean Auel and Judith Tarr and readers will have some idea what HEARTWOOD is all about . The setting feels prehistoric with magic an everyday occurrence . Darak is a strong stubborn man who loves deeply and wants to keep those he cares about close to him safe ; when his brother is in danger he is willing sacrifices himself to free his sibling from the enemy . Barbara Campbell creates characters readers will care about and produces a storyline that grabs reader interest.Harriet Klausner
 Walker James has the assignment to infiltrate a Middle Eastern Terrorist organization called the Brothers of Darkness so that he may locate and destroy an anthrax lab before a deadly plot decimates the majority of the country 's population . Walker 's delinquent childhood and experience as a thief hold him in good stead as he walks the shadowy world of espionage . Indeed , Walker fits well into a world without the clarity of black and white , preferring to walk the ambiguous gray areas . He 's earned the nickname The Ghost for his ability to slip in and out of seemingly impenetrable places . While he works well alone or as a part of a team , he 's not prepared for his new partner . Jasmine LeBarr outmaneuvered him three years ago , and he 's never forgiven her.Jasmine goes undercover as an emissary called Rose Mahrain with Walker accompanying her as her driver . She has a gift for gaining people 's trust , and of getting them to underestimate her , which she uses to her advantage . While Walker calls her an opportunist who will go any length to get what she wants , Jasmine actually adheres carefully to her own moral code . Walker is dangerous to her well being as any man she 's ever brought down . He 's already hurt her once with his callous dismissal , and she refuses to be that vulnerable again . Indeed , their lingering attraction may prove to be the most dangerous aspect of the mission.Kylie Brant weaves an intriguing web of danger in this timely tale of terrorism and romance in BORN IN SECRET . Unfortunately , while the theme of first-born sons frames the narrative , it does not affect the plot as a whole , resulting in a tacked on feeling at the end . Nevertheless , BORN IN SECRET is a highly believable , vividly realized tale . The fast paced plot and the strong characterizations are nicely balanced , resulting in a tale at once deadly , yet richly balanced by powerful emotions and physical attraction . Jasmine is a vivacious and strong heroine who refuses to allow Walker 's scathing comments regarding their shared history get to her . In addition , she knows exactly how to apply her feminine wiles to great advantage to the men she encounters . Further , Walker 's James Bond-like charisma and looks , complete with cool spy toys , makes him a memorable hero . Highly recommended .
 Born in Secret was the first book that I have read by Kylie Brant . I was impressed by the timeliness of her story line . International spies trying to validate information regarding a plot of mass destruction . The Brothers of Darkness , a rebel Arab faction , is conniving to seize control of a neighboring country . The Brother 's desire to expand their power and to continue to promote their values . Walker and Jasmine are the team selected to investigate the situation and if necessary to use force to destroy it . They have worked together before and they are not pleased with the arrangement !! How Jasmine handled and dealt with Tarique was great , I did n't even see it coming.I 'm looking forward to reading Ms. Brant 's next book and if you are looking for a fast and fun read , the pick up Born in Secret !! .
 This piece was showcased at the recent MTNA -LRB- Music Teacher 's National Association -RRB- convention in Austin , Texas and sold out twice . Ensemble playing is a beneficial skill for any pianist to learn , and this 2 piano/8 hand piece fits the bill . Rocherolle grew up in New Orleans , and her composition is a ` gumbo ' of styles . It 's labeled ` intermediate , ' but is fun for adults to perform as well . Discover the fun of playing side by side with others !
 I had read the first 2 books of this trilogy and looked forward to the third with a great deal of anticipation . After a hundred pages , however , I felt a sinking sensation as I realized that this story could not possibly have a happy ending . Bell had done such an excellent job realizing his characters that I felt deeply involved in their lives . After the horrendous atrocities of slavery and the slave revolts and subsequent battles , it seemed that the island was finally at some sort of peace.But what a price ! Then as the French arrived to re-assert their primacy and General Louveture succumbs to hubris the precarious peace falls apart and the bloodshed begins again with blacks against whites.This last book completes the trilogy and tells a story that few of us know anything about . Haiti is a huge mystery to me and these books helped me understand a little why this country is the way it is . The legacy of slavery and the battles that were required to end it as well as the enduring suspicians between white and black are lessons for all of us even at this time -LRB- maybe particularly at this time -RRB- .
 The three novels in this series are the best historical novels I have ever read . They deal with a horrifying event , the slave rebellion in Haiti . Bell does not flinch from the horrors the contending groups and individuals inflicted on each other . The historical background is well covered in the plot and appendix . Written by a master novelist . Bell also covers fascinating subjects like the Voodoo mythos that still exists in Haiti today . Reading this novel , one begins to understand the chaos of Haiti today . A country born in this much bloodshed and hatred is destined for more . In terms of gallons of blood spilled , our own revolution was a mere skirmish.If you are at all interested in Haiti , race , relations , history , or just reading a good story , you should read this and the other two novels in the series , All Souls Rising and The Master Of The Crossroads .
 This book was a masterful finish to a fantastic trilogy ! If the subject were not somewhat obscure I am certain this series of books would be already be an American classic . I am so thankful for Professor Bell 's exhaustive research and unparalleled writing skills . He brings the Haitian revolution to life . I have traveled back and forth to Haiti over the past 20 years and I will never look at the country or it 's people in the same way ! His development of characters and the seamless flow between chapters kept me in avid anticipation of my nightly reads . I am lost at the moment for what to read next !! If you want to understand the fierce national pride of the Haitian people this is a must read ! Thank you Professor Bell !!!
 Is that a monarch , a viceroy or a queen butterfly ? To identify butterflies look through the Field Guide to Butterflies of Texas . The next time , you can tell that it was a tiger swallowtail and not a zebra swallowtail or a spicebush swallowtail.Children are fascinated by insects and butterflies as well . Teach them to appreciate nature . Learning the names of butterflies is a good way to start .
 For me , reading THE SOUTHERN KNIGHTS GRAPHIC NOVEL is like stepping into the wayback machine . I still have some of the original issues of this sucker . I 'm just too scared to take them out of their apocalypse-proof mylar bags . SOUTHERN KNIGHTS was one of the indie comics I faithfully tracked when I was a kid in the '80s , along with ELEMENTALS , MAGE , JUSTICE MACHINE , NEXT MEN and such . The Southern Knights stood out in several ways and certainly provided a refreshing contrast from the stuff then being produced by Marvel and DC . For one thing , half the team wore costumes . The other half opted for civilian wear . In fact , the happy-go-lucky Kristin represented her Clemson U. ties.THE SOUTHERN KNIGHTS GRAPHIC NOVEL reprints the very rare , first two issues which featured the Southern Knights or , going by its original title , THE CRUSADERS -LRB- until Archie Comics ' strident call of copyright infringement dictated a name change -RRB- . Based out of Atlanta , Georgia , they were called `` The # 1 Super Team of the South '' and , disappointingly , their adventures lasted a mere 36 issues . A pursuit of a carful of kidnappers proves to be the catalyst for the team 's formation , and I know it 's a bit of a stretch that these innocent bystanders would turn out to have extraordinary abilities , but that 's the magic of comic books.This abduction caper would introduce us to already established superhero , Electrode , whose civilian identity is physicist and comic book enthusiast David Shenk . It 's amazingly cool that David 's origin is that he actually applied his smarts to give himself electrical super-powers . Electrode is team leader , by default , really . He just wanted it more . Connie Ronnin is an Olympic-level swordswoman who wields a psychic sword -LRB- years later the X-Men 's Psylocke would steal her thunder -RRB- . She 's sort of the damaged type , psychologically . On the other hand , Kristin Austin could n't be more carefree ... and super-strong ... and bullet-proof . Hands down the awesomemest character of the bunch is Dragon ... who is a friggin ' dragon who 'd been around for longer than 1200 years ! The very cool thing about him is that this is n't a guy who turns into a dragon , but a dragon masquerading as a human . It 's pretty amusing that his human identity is that of Mark Dagon , romance novelist who looks like Burt Reynolds . Heh . The Southern Knights ' fifth member , the young 18th century wizard Aramis Merrow , wo n't make his appearance until issue # 5 . Anyway , the fantastic group dynamics is one of the reasons this title is so fondly remembered by those who remember it.In their debut , our heroes come together and nab the kidnappers and even land a sponsor . In the second issue , our heroes foil a bank robber who can manifest his victim 's darkest fear . And they lose their sponsor -LRB- who was sort of a heel , anyway -RRB- . They also lose their team name of `` Crusaders , '' something which is addressed in a nifty bit of meta storytelling by writer Henry Vogel . I do n't know if Vogel did anything else later in the comic book field , but with SOUTHERN KNIGHTS he penned stories that were charming and kinda made fun of all those postmodern `` real world '' superheroes . Jackson `` Butch '' Guice , before he became a name , handled the artwork for the first issue and provided rough layouts for the second one . This graphic novel also comes with Henry Vogel 's foreword in which he relates his inspirations for the Southern Knights.SOUTHERN KNIGHTS , being one of them impoverished ventures that existed paycheck to paycheck , had no choice but to go the black & white route . Do n't let that stop you from trying it out , though . It 's `` The # 1 Super Team of the South , '' y' all .
 I live in the Indianapolis area , so this book is extra special . The photographs are amazing . It tells the story of the old Indianapolis and how life used to be in our fair city . The canal is lovely to look at now , but the author takes us back to when the canal was used for trade . You can still shop at LS Ayres in the suburbs , but you ca n't shop in the store downtown in all it 's history and glory . shopping used to be a big event . This book is wonderful . The stories are told in a way to take you back in time . Who knew Indianapolis had interurbans & streetcars ? Now I Know ...
 Loved the book - cover to cover . The pictures are great too . Anyone interested in the Indianapolis area , especially it 's beginnings , would do well to buy this book . I have actually purchased 5 additional books to give as Christmas gifts !
 I grew up in Indianapolis and really enjoyed reading about all of the things that have gone away since I was a little kid . I used to love Burger Chef , and the downtown Ayres store . I remember the Riverside Amusement Park sitting closed there for years when we would pass it going out to the Speedway.The author also has a webpage called `` Lost Indiana '' which talks about some of the Lost Indy topics , but also some other neat sites in the rest of the state . You could google this to find it .
 `` Lost Indianapolis '' is part of the very large `` Images of America '' series of books that feature historical photos of landmarks of a city or group of people and tell part of the history as well . From time to time `` then and now '' photos are included as well so that the reader can see how things have changed . `` Lost Indianapolis '' is a great book for those with an interest in Indianapolis for two reasons :1 -RRB- The photographs . They are interesting and very well-chosen to add to the text . I have seen books of this sort that seem to have random pictures tossed in with the text .2 -RRB- The text . McDonald has chosen several interesting topics to tell some of the story of the city . This is not a complete history by any means , but he does a thorough job of telling episodes in the city 's history.Topics covered in the book include
 Thanks to all who have made this book one of the best selling titles on Indianapolis . I had a great time writing it , and am working on a couple of follow-on projects , including one specifically about Burger Chef - so send me mail at webmaster@lostindiana.net if you have stories about Burger Chef to share.About the editing - there is a major typographical error in the book , in that `` Ayres '' is spelled incorrectly several times . There are also a couple of other editing errors.What happened ? Very simply the final edited version was not the one printed ! Though a mixup with the publisher , one of the pre-edited versions was actually printed.The good news
 I truly enjoyed the concept of this book . I agree with the previous reviewer that the photographs are exceptional in that they often depict the history of a subject as well as the present.I am quite disappointed , however , in the editing -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- of the book . It appears that the manuscript was put together in haste . The editor and/or the publisher really fell short of their job.Because I was born , and still live in Indianapolis - and my family history began in this city around 1850 - I looked forward to reading each of the chapters . Unfortunately , the frequent grammatical and typographical errors really distracted from the content . If the work had been edited , it would have a home among other treasures on my bookshelf . It is sad , however , that I would be expected to pay even Amazon 's discounted price for a piece that could have truly been a treasure - if someone had just taken the time to edit it .
 It 's a great size , very small but thick with info . Includes the usual German , French , Italian but also tough languages like Polish and Greek -LRB- good luck with those phrases ! -RRB- . I like rummaging through it because it includes many pages of menu item words for each language . It 's fun to recognize words you 've heard but may not know exactly what dish they 're associated with .
 Charles Segal 's book entitled `` Conversations with Lincoln '' offers a unique view into both our country 's early history as well as the personal and political struggles that Abraham Lincoln endured throughout his tenure as our nation 's leader . While many authors have explored various aspects of Lincoln and his administration , Segal 's innovative approach provides an objective assessment of the political and social dynamics that surrounded Lincoln 's decision-making throughout his presidency . By chronologically organizing excerpts from personal interviews and narrative accounts , `` Conversations with Lincoln '' captures Lincoln 's valiant effort of uniting the United States while steadfastly working to protect the integrity of the Constitution . Lincoln 's own thoughts provide rare social commentary as well as vivid insight into one of America 's greatest leaders . I sincerely recommend this book to anyone interested in gaining a more accurate perspective of both Abraham Lincoln and the United States during this extraordinary time period .
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book . In particular , I thought the author gave us a unigue look into the selection of a President 's cabinet . Also , Lincoln 's ups and downs with the various General 's during the Civil War was clearly depicted . The conversations with approach is a good one that is vastly different than the normal biography .
 This book collects together Paine 's Common Sense -LRB- which was instrumental in collecting and gathering America 's attention to the benefits of strict independence from Great Britain -RRB- ; his letters or series entitled `` the American Crisis , '' which galvanizes his previous topics ; gives a brief account of his engineering work for arches bridges ; provides another span of letters on his involvement in the French Revolution , and finishes with his Age of Reason , in which he examines and debunks the Bible . Though his reasoning and conclusions may alarm some and even offend others , his thinking and writing is lucid and cogent , and for reflective minds will provide much food for thought . Accused of sophistry and impudence by some of his contemporaries , his reasoning is normally sound and simple , as he inquires into the root of things , and only seldom does he make debating points fit only for the playground . A sensible and likable man , Paine 's writing should engage any American for its historical sense , any lover or researcher interested in human rights and the hope of removing human misery , and any person interested in reading the entertaining but vital arguments of a man whose love of liberty and order forced him late in life to become one of America 's most influential revolutionary and socially-minded voices .
 A `` must have '' for any legitimate personal `` library '' . Paine 's thoughts are important reading for every person who would call himself educated and versed in the history of ideas about how society should organize -- particularly `` Common Sense '' and `` The Age of Reason '' . I myself would have included him in Stephen Covey 's `` Wisdom Literature '' -LRB- `` First Things First '' -RRB- . Carl Sagan cites him -LRB- `` The Demon Haunted World '' -RRB- in support of his own reflections on `` the God hypothesis '' . COMMON SENSE speaks to form and purpose of government and was the pivotal Revolutionary pamphlet in which Paine disected and debunked the legitimacy of monarchy , giving voice to the growing feelings in the Colonies that being ruled by the King of England had become obsolete . Paine 's articulation served to `` tune '' the chorused voices of the Colonies , which before his writing , were loud but out of tune . -LRB- War was underway , but the Colonies not well organized in a joint defense . -RRB- COMMON SENSE even has a refreshed relevance in the aftermath of the 9/11/01 tragedies in New York , as we re-examine some of our institutions.THE AGE OF REASON will be disagreeable reading to devout followers of any organized religion -- particularly Christians -- as it is Paine 's book-by-book disection and denunciation of the Bible -LRB- and , by extension , the `` scriptures '' of all other religions -RRB- as a collection of fables , nurtured through the ages for corrupt purposes of church leaders -LRB- starting hundreds of years BC -RRB- . But , almost by definition , an educated person MUST acknowledge disagreeable ideas and THEN make disposition of them Once in a while `` disagreement '' is even persuaded to new thinking , n'est ce pas ? . This edition is a particularly excellent resource for these pieces and Paine 's other writings . It is scrupulously based on the best discoverable versions , with meticulous notes documenting the sources.The physical quality of the printing and binding is premium in every aspect , and will last for generations . Truly a `` library '' quality volume , far superior to the typical `` best seller '' construction .
 Thomas Paine 's greatness lied in his ability to take the abstract ideas of the American Revolution and make them graspable by all of his time , while infusing them with the moral passion that they truly deserved . Paine is one of the great masters of ideas taken into action.His immortal opening of the `` American Crisis '' was like new fuel to a dying flame . `` These are the times that try men 's souls , '' he wrote , and his arguments for continuing the revolution reminded the patriots of the meaning of their fight . And Paine could not have been timelier-his words came at a time when the success of the revolution seemed much in doubt.Perhaps more than any man , he breathed new life into the patriots though his keen analysis and moral passion . 225 years later , he still gives life to the idea of America , even as our freedoms come under increased threat.Thomas Paine is required reading for any student of America who wishes to understand the ideas from which America was made real .
 Thomas Paine was the most consistent and important of all the American Founding Fathers . He consistently spoke up in favor of liberty and freedom ; for example , his opposition to the institution of slavery -LRB- which he argued was immoral and un-Christian and thought it quite contradictory to claim to be a Christian on the one hand and support slavery on the other hand -RRB- - Paine also spoke up in support of women 's rights , freedom of thought , the poor , etc.The important thing about Paine is that he practiced what he preached , as opposed to just about every other founding father -LRB- e.g. , Jefferson saying all are `` created equal '' but owning slaves , or Adams `` dismissing '' his wife 's assertion that they too should be included in the political process -RRB- . I do n't think we ought to condemn those individuals for the beliefs that they had , indeed they were products of their time period - and they are worthy of study . However , I also believe that we should praise those who were able to step out of that period and see things as they are , this is what Paine was able to do.If you doubt Paine 's importance in the history of American independence , consider the following ; probably no other phamphlet brought the idea of independence to the mind of the colonists like Paine 's `` Common Sense '' did and it was Paine 's `` Crisis # 1 '' that was read to Washington 's soldiers before they prepared for the biggest fight of the American Revolution . Paine 's defense of the French Revolution in his `` Rights of Man '' sparked off a publication war that has yet to be matched and his `` The Age of Reason '' delineated the philosophical ideas that most of the founding fathers had with regard to religion -LRB- regardless of what the religious right would have you to believe -RRB- . Paine 's mistake was not believing what most of the founding fathers believed , that the `` common man and woman '' was not intellectual enough to handle the arguments that he -LRB- and the others -RRB- were advocating . It was his consistency which brought about his downfall - this is a shame , because he is one of the most important thinkers to come out of the Revolutionary Period in American history .
 This volume is of great value to anyone who 's interested in the foundations of this country . Paine was far ahead of his time in so many areas , for example in his vocal criticism of slavery . This country owes a debt to him in the profound impact he had on those who wrote the constitution and declaration of independence . The closing work of this volume , The Age of Reason , was , for its time , a very courageous indictment of the bible . It was written toward the end of Paine 's life . There have been many men of courage and conviction , but Paine also had a profound honesty and the gift of a great intellect which allowed to express his ideas clearly.The binding , cover , and paper of this volume are of the highest quality . The volume is smaller than the typical bestseller hardback , both in length , width , and thickness . But its slenderness is due to high quality of the very thin paper -- the book has over 900 pages . I liked its small size because it makes it comfortable to read .
 When I started reading Common Sense I had a hard time because the text was so dense , but when I decided to read it aloud , the text came to life -- it was like discovering Shakespeare . Actually , the second set of texts is a collection of about ten essays called `` The American Crisis '' -LRB- numbered 1-10 -RRB- , and I thought these were even better . In them Paine tries to convince the American public that Great Britain does n't have a chance against the 13 Colonies . Sort of like the Iraqi Information Minister telling his people that the Iraqi 's will `` roast the American soldier 's stomaches in hell '' , while American shells explode in the background , shaking the building he 's speaking from . The oratory of other greats such as Jim Carvill and Muhammad Ali came to mind , too , but the text is so well written , as to approach Shakespeare . `` These are the times that try men 's souls
 Before reading the Collected Writings of Thomas Paine , I understood very little about him . Though his language and vocabulary are a little dated , his deep wisdom and understanding of the human condition shines through remarkably as if he were alive today . If only he were . What would he think of our current state of affairs ? The best part of the collection has to be both parts of The Age of Reason . If this is n't required reading in school , it should be . If you 've forgotten what it means to be American , then read and re-read this book .
 This anthology offers a wide survey of Thomas Paine 's writings , including the complete series of articles on `` The Crisis '' and the whole of `` Rights of Man '' and `` Age of Reason . '' Through these writings , one gains a self-portrait of Paine in all his strengths and weaknesses . Some of his deficiencies stand out markedly in `` Age of Reason , '' where his attempts to discredit what he calls `` the stupid texts of the bible '' actually highlight his own misunderstanding and the gaps in his education -LRB- which was largely self-achieved -RRB- . His natural wit comes to the fore in his superb Revolutionary War propaganda pieces ridiculing the British generals who were then besieging the colonists . And his extreme bravery and committment to principle appears in his speech , when serving as a delegate to the French Assembly just as the Reign of Terror was beginning , pleading for the life of Louis XVI . Eric Foner has chosen the pieces well and supplies excellent notes , and the volume is up to the usual high typographical and binding standards of the Library of America . Highly recommended
 Thomas Paine was an Englishman whose writings had a profound effect on the American Revolution and in the debate in the English speaking world on the French Revolution . This wonderful volume from the Library of America provides his major writings in one volume . Knowing these works is important to your understanding of what ideas were in circulation at the time of our founding and what was being debated on both sides of the Atlantic . `` Common Sense '' takes on the idea of monarchy and of American Independence with arguments that amount to no more than common sense . Paine takes apart the idea that monarchy comes from God using the logic of the current English constitution and its internal checks wondering why a form that comes from God would need such a check . As for American Independence , he points out that a small island might need protection from a greater power , but why would a continent need protection from a small island . He also points out that our previous dependence on Britain is not reason to continue the relationship . Children begin as helpless babes , but do not drink milk forever . The time inevitably comes when the child must take its place in the world as an independent adult . There is much more to his arguments , but this gives you a sense of how he argues . This tract was printed many times and made a huge noise in the world . `` The Crisis '' or `` The American Crisis '' is a series that reports on aspects of the War for Independence that began in December of 1776 when things were not going all that well for the Americans . The first in this series begins with the famous sentence , `` These are the times that try men 's souls . '' And goes on about the summer and winter soldier . `` The Rights of Man '' is Paine 's argument for the French Revolution and specifically taking on the arguments of Edmund Burke against what was going on in France after their Revolution . In my view , Paine is pretty much off the rails here , especially when he lists the rights declared by the French . For example , compare number three of these declarations with the American notion that man is sovereign whose rights are given him by God . The French say , `` The nation is essentially the source of all sovereignty ; nor can any INDIVIDUAL , or ANY BODY OF MEN , be entitled to any authority which is not expressly derived from it . '' Oy . Anybody see tyranny justified in that one?In `` The Age of Reason '' Paine takes on sectarian religion and all orthodox Christianity , which Paine does not like . He advocates a Deism as superior to all religions . Sigh.Anyway , these are important essays and had a big impact in the late eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries and are a part of our history . Students of our history need to know these works.This fine edition also has notes on the text and a chronology of Paine 's life .
 Mr Foner has put together a wonderful collection of the major writings of Thomas Paine . I would recommend this book to any open minded person who seeks truth . Thomas Paine clearly in the space of a few sentences states his position on a number of topics including religion in language that is both eloquent and powerful .
 A fantastic compilation of one of our nation 's most influential authors . Paine was a tremendous voice in the colonial period and without a doubt inspired many with his earlier writings . The Age of Reason , while a great work , is a dsiplay of how Paine was intolerably harsh of people 's religious beliefs .
 This was purchased to 1 -RRB- assist my child in school ; it was helpful , and 2 -RRB- to add to history book collection .
 I just finnished reading a Common Sense and I thought it was extremely radically written by a very perswasive or better said agressive aproach.However there are passing a very big amount of very very interesting arguments which are surely ones to reminded forever.As a historical person I dont think I have to add something to his personality already , since its a very difficult one to avoid . And in fact he should be remembered for what he did . Only to bad that a great man had to end in such a way.The stuff thats gathered in this book is amazing . It contains his 4 somewhat major works . But also several shorter one , a few letters and other writings . I think for every historystudent of that age , looking for some thoughts in the pure sense of the enlightenment . Thomas Paine is your man .
 This book is a great read . The letters he wrote were worth the price of the book . I recommend it .
 This was much more than I expected on this topic . This makes one think of the abilities of the early founders when one reads of their in dept thoughts . Excellent book .
 All works are untampered with and represents truth based reading as to the authenticity . Nice bound book to boot as with elder tradition .
 being a student of history for as long as i have my history library would not be complete without the works of mr. paine . he definitely knew how to write a good write and no history library is good without paines writings .
 I love this series of books , and seeing what was actually written by the actual Founders that people mention helps to cut through the bogus to get to the Truth.For example , owning the Thomas Jefferson edition of this series , and upon reviewing his letter to the Baptists , it is clear that Jefferson - even in the letter that Progressives like to reference - never once advocates the separation of Church and State for the entire Nation . And when you understand the specifics involved in the Baptist situation , it becomes terribly obvious that the agenda to discredit the Judeo - Christian founding of the United States has been afoot for some time.Likewise , with Thomas Paine you get several of his works in 1 volume . Beautifully bound book , I particularly like the older , slip-case versions . Here are some of the most impactful and well-known writings of Paine , and if you are looking to build your Founders library like I am , you could do alot worse than getting this book.I 'm not sure how many other Greats are in this series , but I 'm looking next at finding Alexander Hamilton and Abraham Lincoln.If you are fan of Liberty , and love the founding of this Great Nation , then you ca n't go wrong owning the writings of the actual men that created it .
 Thomas Paine strikes a -LRB- still -RRB- powerful blow for Jeffersonian values and deism . In my mind , definitely a classic .
 It 's good to have all Paine 's material in one handy volume . Plenty to read and think about . It 's a pity he 's not better known in the USA , considering his significance in the existence of the country .
 Thomas Paine was more than a great propagandist -LRB- though he was one of the best -RRB- . He was one of the few true patriots who cared nothing for his own legacy or even his own life at times . The church has attacked Paine cowardly since his death as they too know that Paine came very near the truth .
 From the more known works , to small personal letters to his contemporaries , this book contains a huge chunk of Thomas Paine 's writings.It is a shame this intellectual giant is largely forgotten in school textbooks and was unfairly ridiculed by Theodore Roosevelt -LRB- BTW , or those looking for a rebuttal to Teddy 's insults , dig up Thomas Edison 's defense of Paine -RRB- . The publishers did a good job in organizing and reprinting this material . The quality of the binding and paper seems good as well .
 A much needed refresher of what makes our country great , the philosophy our founders found to be crucial to the makings of a republic .
 Paine 's writing is rich with stunning clarity . He was one of America 's most brilliant and inspiring writers . That is if you do n't read any of ` RICKYTHEREADER 's reviews . RICKYTHEREADER has reviewed exactly four books on the amazon website , all about Paine and all delving into proselytizing -LRB- over 50 mentions of the bible or Jesus between the four reviews -RRB- . Further , he 's obsessed with the fact that Paine failed out of school at the age of 12 . Does this mean we must discount his body of work ? Einstein was a slow learner , perhaps that ` lightbulb ' idea was n't quite as good as we all thought . Hey , think what you want , but disliking someone 's views has little to do with the quality of their work . Especially of someone as deservingly revered as Paine . If he 's such a mediocre writer , why did RICKYTHEREADER dig into FOUR of his books ? I love Paine , but I 've not read that many ! My message to RICKYTHEREADER
 Thomas Paine , especially in The Age of Reason , did not put forth completely original ideas . Many of his contemporaries had the same critisms that Paine did in regard to organized religion especially Christianity . However , Thomas Paine organized such thoughts in a way that they were accessible to common men . Unfortunately his brave and inspirational work was his downfall . Closeminded and fearful citizens , like RICKITHEREADER in our modern times were frightened that perhaps Paine was tearing a hole the the fabric of their blind faith and because of this , Paines ' last work , The Age of Reason , left him to die alone and impoverished . He was abandoned , even by his intellectual contemporaries , most who agreed with him but were not brave enough to voice their beliefs in the common vernacular . I was inspired by Paine who wrote , `` My mind is my own church , '' which was not the voice of an atheist but the voice of a man who really did know the `` truth '' and his true path . Unlike RickitheReader , I have read both the bible and Paine with an open mind and heart . The joy of reading is the ability to let it lead you to new places . Thomas Paine would have said it better . Read this compilation and it will lead you to new places , wherever your faith is .
 Paine 's `` Age of Reason '' was a mind-blowing revelation for me , so I 'll focus mainly on that in this review . Although he has little formal education -LRB- fortunately it does n't require much to know that hearsay , even the printed variety , is not always accurate -RRB- , Paine is a brilliant independent thinker who advocates critically and intelligently evaluating the Bible . He dismisses the need to insist on divine explanations for what is simply the warlike , violent behavior of a typical tribal society , and shows his unique ability to filter the positive aspects of Biblical teaching -LRB- i.e. kindness , mercy , regard for one 's neighbors -RRB- from the more mythological aspects of it -LRB- creationism , the fall of Satan , etc. -RRB- . While it can be argued that because none of us have physically met Thomas Paine and thus have no reason to believe that he is truly the author of these works -LRB- just as we have never met Jesus and have no reason to believe that he said or did anything recorded in the Bible -RRB- , this does n't really matter . Just like Paine points out that he can take the positive aspects of Jesus ' teachings and employ them whether or not he believes in Jesus himself , so can we take the positive aspects of Paine 's writings and employ them whether or not we believe that he ever existed.Another thing about `` Age of Reason '' that I found particularly gripping is Paine 's ability to focus on the big picture regarding nature , rather than the individualized picture . That is , while nature may not seem fair to each of us individuals who suffer and are unhappy , it is fair in a larger sense . While no other species but humans have developed the technology to -LRB- mostly -RRB- beat the system , for every species there is a species which it preys upon and which preys upon it . Until humans developed the scores of vaccines and weapons and mass production of food that we have , we were just as much a part of this natural balance as any other creature . Every species was equally liable to suffer extinction or overpopulation , and one 's rising or falling were based on simple natural laws that applied to everyone -- there is no magic . It is this `` justice '' that , I believe , Paine was talking about , not that there is no pain or struggle . Every species has both a degree of robbing , raping , and killing , as well as a degree of giving , nurturing , and reproducing . It 's all part of the cycle , and while it is painful , it is neither good nor bad.Anyway , though Paine tends to go off on nitpicking Biblical tangents , the underlying point of Age of Reason is fairly straightforward
 Thomas Paine was one of our founding fathers , was a `` true child of the Enlightenment '' and believed in the primacy of reason . Through his writings , especially `` Common Sense , '' and `` The American Crisis '' -LRB- `` these are the times that try men 's souls , '' -RRB- he became the `` voice '' of the American Revolution.He was a brilliant writer who appealed to a mass audience and was far ahead of his time . Carl Sagan tells us that he `` courageously opposed monarchy , aristocracy , racism , slavery , superstition and sexism when all of these constituted the conventional wisdom . `` In `` The Rights of Man '' he defended the egalitarian principles of the French Revolution against the conservative Edmund Burke.He turned his attention to religion in the `` Age of Reason '' and it remains his most controversial work . While he does briefly discuss Islam -LRB- which he calls the `` Turkish '' church -RRB- , the book is mainly a long polemic against Judeo-Christianity and , especially , a critique of the `` holy '' books of those religions viz . The Old Testament , The New Testament and the Epistles of St. Paul . It is a tour de force and deserves an honored place in the library of those who believe that all the religions of man are human inventions , all are part of human evolution , and none of them have any supernatural content whatsoever.It is better to read Paine in his own words so here , for your edification , are a few `` Gems from the Age of Reason . '' Unfortunately it is only possible to scratch the surface in this short review.Old Testament - `` Whenever we read the obscene stories , the voluptuous debaucheries , the cruel and torturous executions , the unrelenting vindictiveness with which more half the bible is filled , it would be more consistent that we called it the word of a demon than the word of God . `` Books of Moses - `` The five books of Moses -LRB- Genesis , Exodus , Leviticus , Numbers , and Deuteronomy -RRB- are spurious and Moses is not the author of them . Still further , they were not written in the time of Moses , not till several hundred years afterwards ; that they are no other than attempted history of the life of Moses , and of the times in which he is said to have lived ; and also of the times prior thereto , written by some very ignorant and stupid pretenders to authorship several hundred years after the death of Moses ; as men now write histories that heppened , or are supposed to have happened several hundred or several thousand years ago . `` New Testament - `` The presumption is that the books called the evangelists and ascribed to Matthew , Mark , Luke and John were not written by Matthew , Mark , Luke and John and that they are impositions . The disordered state of the history of these four books , the silence of one book upon matters related in the other , and the disagreement that is to be found among them implies that they are the productions of some unconnected individuals many years after the things they pretend to relate , each of whom made his own legend ; and not the writings of men living intimately together as the men called the apostles are supposed to have done . `` Jesus Christ - `` Had it been the object or intention of Jesus Christ to establish a new religion , he would undoubtedly have written the system himself or procured it to be written in his lifetime . But there is no publication extant authenticated with his name . All the books called the New Testament were written after his death ... . These books do not give a history of the life of Jesus Christ , but only detached anecdotes about him . It appears from these books that the whole time of his being a preacher was not more than eighteen months ; and it is only during this short time that those men became acquainted with him . They make mention of him at the age of twelve years , sitting , they say , among the Jewish doctors , asking and answering questions ... From this time there is no account of him for about sixteen years . Where he lived or how he employed himself during this period , is not known . Most probably he was working at his father 's trade , which was that of a carpenter . It does not apear that he had any school education , and the probability is that he could not write for his parents were extremely poor . `` St. Paul - `` The character of the person called St Paul , according to the accounts given of him , has in it a great deal of violence and fanaticism . He had persecuted with as much heat as he preached afterwards . The stroke he had received , had changed his thinking wihout altering his constitution ; and , either as a Jew or a Christian he was the same zealot . Such men are never good moral evidences of any doctrine they preach . They are always in extremes , as well of action as of belief . `` Invented religions - `` All national institutions of churches , whether Jewish , Christian or Turkish appear to me to be no other than human inventions set up to enslave and terrify mankind and monopolize power and profit . I do not believe in the creed professed by the Jewish church , by the Roman church , by the Greek church , by the Protestant church , nor by any church that I know of . My own mind is my own church . `` Dark Ages - `` Latter times have laid all the blame upon the Goths and Vandals , but however unwilling the partizans of the Christian system may be to acknowledge it , it is nevertheless true , that the Age of Ignorance commenced with the Christian system . There was more knowledge in the world before that period than for many centuries afterward . `` Morality - `` As to the fragments of morality that are irregularly and thinly scattered in the old and new testaments they make no part of this pretended thing , revealed religion . They are the natural dictates of conscience and bonds by which society it held together , and without which it can not exist , and are nearly the same in all religions and all societies . In revealed religion morality is banished to make room for an imaginary thing called faith . `` Mystery - `` the word mystery can not be applied to moral truth any more than obscurity can be applied to light . The God in whom we believe is a God of moral truth and not a God of mystery or obscurity . Mystery is the antagonist of truth . It is the fog of human invention that obscures truth and represents it in distortion . `` To Thine Own Self Be True - `` I do not condemn those who believe in established religions . They have the right to their beliefs . But it is necessary to the happiness of man that he be mentally faithful to himself . Infidelity does not consist in believing or in disbelieving ; it consists in professing to believe what he does not believe . ''
 It does not get any better than this as far as political writing is concerned . Thomas Paine 's works are required reading , no other author has moved me so . If you only ever read one author in this line of writing , Thomas Paine is your man . Common Sense started a nation , Rights of Man defined the cause for liberty , Age of Reason gave us clarity . All this from a best selling author that forwent all profit , donating the proceeds to the cause of freedom . Certainly there were greats before him . John Locke , Voltaire , and others stand tall on the stage of history , but Paine delivered the message to the masses . Thomas Paine changed men 's hearts and stirred revolutions . Modern democratic republics owe a debt of gratitude to Thomas Paine . The world is a better place for having had him .
 Brilianty written with passion and fury for the common men of this historic period of time . Essays written not for the elitests but for those who could and did make a difference . Paines works are truly historical and express the point of view of the common man who day after day is raped with taxes and control by a royal family thousands of miles away who could care less for the people they take claim to.His works helped give birth to the greatest nation to bless the Earth .
 Compared to the founding fathers like , Thomas Jefferson , Tom Paine , George Washington etc , today 's politicians are like children.In the age of reason Tom Paine does NOT criticize God he does criticises organised religion and how it has been manipulated by the powerful for their own selfish ends . It seems to me that Money is the new religion and like religion before it , it is being manipulated by a few greedy people to the detriment of the majority of the people both American foreign.If one takes the time to read and understand what `` fractional reserve banking '' is , how it works and it 's implications then one will know why Thomas Jefferson wrote warning the people of America against the banks and why they must never allow the banks to create the worlds money . Sadly this warning has been ignored and we see the result.I advise the everyone , partially Americans , to read this book with an open mind and other works written by your founding fathers , you may find that the wisdom of these good and clever men an antidote to the half truths on CNN and the rest of the corporate owned media .
 If you want to understand the meaning of freedom , fraternity and equality . These writings are good step to build a better world through better nations .
 This is virtually the ultimate collection on Thomas Paine , the daring revoloutionary in his own right . I have been familar with his writings particularly ` Common Sense ' and the ` Rights of Man ' and various pamphlets but I had not read his controversial , for the time , `` The Age of Reason ' . I had a rebirth in my interest in Paine when listening to Clay Jenkinson discuss Paine during the `` The Thomas Jefferson Hour '' . Jenkinson described Paine as a great patriot with his enlightening arguments in ` Common Sense ' while ` The Age of Reason ' was described as very daring , costing him many of his supporters , for questioning religion . In reason , Paine speakes as deist , believing in a supreme being yet a being that does not intervene in human life or alter the laws of nature . It 's an intellectual argument that raises fascinating questions , particularly for the time although Deism had a relatively significant following in parts of the western world . This is a great respource on the writings of Paine , a great book to pull off the shelf and read a particular article . Thus , this compilation provides you pretty much the complete writings of Thomas Paine , certianly the essential Thomas Paine , in a handsome single volume .
 Paine was a patriot that believed that the country belonged to it 's people , and it was up to the citizens to keep their democracy.He like the other founders knew that in order to be a truly free people they must rebel against th tyranny of England and set up a democracy where the people ruled it 's government.A revoluntary , patriot whose readings is a must for anyone that is for keeping the government , of , by and for the people .
 I was extremely happy to find any of Paines writings , I 'm afraid it 's a sign of the times but even the public library in my area did not carry Paines , Common Sense .
 Reading Paine is as important today as it has been for over 200 years . Taxes , social inequality 's or pure politics can all be found here in an easily readable and relevant format . This collection of writing 's include letters and commentary and some events that history has now sidelined , As it just may happen after you read Common Sense or The Age of Reason you may find your appetite for more satisfied by these insightful inclusions . Right or Left if you believe in America and want to see the path it was meant to take read this book , then grab on to a piece of the reins of power and make it work !
 This is an excellent collection of the evident , palpable reasons for self-rule , written for the common folk of the time in an inspiring style . Now more than ever we need to revisit the foundations of self-rule and individual rights . Freedom is not easy ; it is hard . Freedom is not safe ; it is dangerous . RS
 This is my go-to book whenever I do n't know what I want to read next . The only problem with this collection is that it 's incomplete , but that 's nothing new . I have yet to find a book that has everything Paine ever wrote . The majority of his writings are included , however , so if you 're looking for a good Thomas Paine collection , you ca n't go wrong with this book . As with the other Library of America books I 've seen , the end notes are extensive and the binding is top notch .
 I am always impressed with the quality of the `` Library of America '' volumes ... Quality production , quality materials , quality content ...
 I believe this is the most complete collection of Paine 's writing out there and it is excellent . First of all the production values of the book itself are outstanding . In the first section of the book are Paine 's `` American writings '' including Common Sense and all of the American Crisis publications . These give first of all a historical commentary on the progress or lack of progress of the American Revolution . It also gives a brilliant summary of the intellectual inspiration for the revolution . Finally it shows that the art of political spin doctoring or propaganda was alive and well during that era . The last two sections include '' The Rights of Man '' and `` The Age of Reason '' . The Rights of Man is of course Paine 's defense of the French Revolution but it is also a surprisingly modern statement of the role of government in providing for the poor , the elderly , and children . The `` Age of Reason '' is Paine 's act of political suicide in his attack on the bible . You can decide for yourself what you think of his arguments but the people at the turn of the 18th century certainly were not ready to hear from Paine on this subject . I found the book thought provoking from start to finish and would highly recomment it .
 At the height of The Age of Reason , The United States of America was created by men such as Thomas Paine and many others who held Man above all other philosophies long enough to get the idea `` Individual Rights '' down on paper in the form of The Constitution of the United States of America . Paine 's contribution to this end is well known . Paine noted in this book that `` we have it in our power to make the world over again '' , and they did . Man has a right to his own life , and there is no law above this . No one has a right to another man 's life , not God , not the Race , not the dictatorship , not the proletariat , not The Great Society nor the New Deal . Thanks to Thomas Paine and men like him we have it in writing `` We own our own life and we are free to dispose of it in our own way '' . Let 's work together as free men and women to keep our freedom and to spread it around the world to our oppressed brothers and sisters . To the Glory of Man !!
 We are losing what made this country great in these difficult times . Hopefully more people will read books like this in order to bring some sense of sanity back to our nation .
 Well , actually , it should be in everyone 's hands , reading it . You can get a much better idea of the beginnings of America by reading words from that time . And I especially recommend `` The Age of Reason '' . I wish I had read that much earlier in my life . There should be a huge statue or memorial to Thomas Paine , in Washington DC . Born in England , he suffered a lot , for other peoples ' liberty !
 Howard Zinn 's approach to history comes directly from his own life experience . He saw the baby boom part of the twentieth century history evolve before his eyes with major events , such as the Civil Rights Movement and the further activism that occurred thereafter , and the effects of the war on Vietnam with archival work , to name a few . HOWARD ZINN ON HISTORY is a collection of essays and articles previously published in notable journals and magazines , such as the Midwestern Archivist and Saturday Review . Zinn examines topics that have affected him academically as well as personally , and appear somewhat out dated but timeless at the same time because of how much has progressed from the time he originally wrote the pieces.The book may serve as a teaching tool for a political or American history classes because of its small format . It is the type of book that will raise questions for the casual history reader as well as the any history major . However , there are serious political overtones that resonate with the majority of the essays that may suggest Zinn 's revisionist perspective on history , but he exposes the study of history and the sum of its parts . Zinn states
 This is an essential book if a person wants to get an appreciation of what has taken place in the USA . It is highly informative ... and disturbing , but vitally important to read . Howard Zinn writes with passion in his soul .
 Goal ! is an attractive book , very eye-catching . Should catch the interest of even `` reluctant readers '' -LRB- who are sports fans -- it is about soccer , after all -RRB- . It is also a nice way to sneak in some poetry .
 I liked the way Butler filled in the history of the Queen Mary andQueen Elizabeth.He also told a very good clear picture of lifewe lived aboard ship . On page 92 second phargaph tells of a March1945 crossing . I was on that passage and well remember hearingthe depth charges explodimg.I still have my white tag and cabinwith number on D deck.To verify my memory I checked my discharge and called our coplit yes he remembered hearing the depth charges.This tolded of the vital roll these two great ships played inwinning of the war.Many of these things where new to me and I was there .
 Most people will know of the Queen Mary and the Queen Elizabeth as a couple of old cruise liners -- many may have stayed at the Hotel Queen Mary in the ship 's now permanent home in the waters of California . For a brief time , these ships were converted to military use in World War II to transport troops . On one occasion , the Queen Mary hit the British light cruiser HMS Curacoa , causing the ship to sink with the loss of hundreds of allied soldiers.Daniel Butler is a great historian and storyteller and he makes the wartime history of these two ships come alive . He does n't start with the day the decision was made to use these cruise ships for military use . He sets the stage and gives the readers an understanding of the years leading to World War II -- not only giving a political and military background , but also telling us what was happening in the shipping industry that led to the construction of these two ships.To me the two most interesting parts of the book came when Butler tells about the most significant event of the Queen Mary 's tour of duty -LRB- when the Curacoa was cut in two by her -RRB- , and the most mundane -LRB- what it was like for a soldier to be transported on one of the Queens -RRB- . If there is a weakness , it was here . I wish he could have had more first hand accounts from the surviving veterans who had crossed the ocean on their way to war . But of course , there are fewer and fewer such survivors still with us . Butler wrote this book just in time .
 A very well written and researched book . Not only does the author tell the story of the two Queens in WWII . He also gives a nice history of trans-Atlantic shipping up to the point of the Queens construction and to the war . During the war years he tells of the Queen contribution to the war effort and also paints a good over all picture of the war so you can better understand their roll in it . This book is a great addition and read for those who have an interest in this subject .
 I was looking all over for this book and finally found it on Amazon . This book is very interesting about the two ships , Queen Mary and her sister ship Queen Elizabeth . Churchill said that these two ships shorten WWII by one year . I found this book to be very interesting and to have a lot of information that I did n't know about . I would recommend this book to anyone who is interested in history and WWII in perticular . There is a lot of information that can be found in this book , not only about the ships , but the war years too .
 I was amazed to read how many troops the two Queens carried and did not sustain any damage . They both went on to serve for many more years after the war . Well built and well loved .
 Although this is an old public domain book , it was an entertaining , well written and exciting book . You may be able to get it free on other sites or get his package of 13 novels on this site that includes this book for .99
 HELLO AMAZON CUSTOMERS , I REALLY LIKE WESTERN BOOKS . I HAVE DOWNLOADED SEVERAL , MOSTLY FROM MAX BRAND AND ZANE GREY . THESE OLDER -LRB- CLEAN -RRB- WESTERNS ARE GREAT READING AND I LOOK FORWARD TO READING MANY MORE , THANKS , JIMMY
 Any review that is written is just an opinion of ones own culture and preference.That being said ; I think that this is one of my favorite Max Brands yet . I thoroughly enjoyed the feeling of mystery in this book . This is not your average cowboy book . It had no silly romance , ridiculous gun fight -LRB- `` I do n't like straw hats . '' Pow-Pow -RRB- , ridiculous reason to hold the fort or fight for property . If you read western novels , you know what I am talking about . This book had more depth , way more depth . I loved each character . The book is written in such away that you do n't have a main character , all the characters are main characters , but not overly done were it could be confusing . The book had fantastic flow and for me is marked high in writing . The book had a western meets Frank Miller -LRB- graphic writer/Artist -RRB- feel.This book was a gift and I would not have bought it in this style . The printing of this particular book I found it rather annoying , I felt as if I was reading a manuscript , or catalog . The size of the book is just large , and clumsy . The book is also printed in an old type set font , and was rather hard on my eyes . You can find this book in paperback , hardback and e-book . If you like westerns , mysteries , and books with a slight mystic feel this is for you .
 THIS WHISTLING DAN SERIES IS SO VIVID WITH GREAT CHARACTER DEVELOPMENT AND A LANDSCAPE THAT IS ITS OWN CHARACTER THAT YOU ARE DRAWN IN AND CA N'T STOP READING . PART WESTERN , PART MYSTERY AND PART MYSTICAL IT HAS IT ALL !
 This book is written with a Victorian flair that may have been Max Brand 's style . As this is the first work I 've read from him -LRB- even at my age -RRB- I ca n't be sure . It was intriguing and written for the era . Brand was a popular writer of the time and has a strong command of the English language , which he uses to fully illustrate his characters . His descriptors however do tend to be lengthy and at times drag on for too long . Overall , a good read .
 Nice suspense , unexpected story line that leaves reader wondering about a conclusion . Good characters and setting descriptions . Any true western affciano will enjoy the fighting and promise of action.Dan G
 I have read a lot of Max Brand 's books , and enjoy them all . Good ole westerns , some a little slower than others , but still good well written books
 Another great book by max brand . starts out heading in a direction that you ca n't figure out but quickly has a plot that makes you not want to put it down
 great reading . max brand has become one of my favotire authors . looking forward to reading more of his books , , great story teller .
 This story was a little different from the typical western shoot em up . The main character is portrayed as having abnormal abilities which makes the story interesting in a different way .
 Even though I have a decent education and a good vocabulary , the verbiage in this book was , at times , very tough to follow ; especially for the good doctors spoken word . Overall it was a good book , though not of the classic Western genre .
 This is a fabulous book for the novice researcher and an excellent resource/refresher for the experienced . Everything is laid out so clearly it is a pleasure to read -- a no nonsense approach . I highly recommend it !
 This text is well-written in easy to understand English . It gives the background behind the different kinds of research and then gives practical guidelines for carrying out the research.I can see that this book will not be too far away as I reflect , research and write up my current project .
 Excellent review of statistics and their uses in social science research methods . Excellent examples to understand the different statistical concepts . Would recommend this book for masters and doctoral students .
 Well it is only for my course called fundamnetals of socal research but its very expensive indeed . Just wanted the first to make a comment thats all .
 This could be Coolidge 's best book . I have owned a copy of it for years and have read it many times . Coolidge 's ear for language is unique , and the high-point of his work -LRB- for me -RRB- are the series of books he wrote in the 1970s and 1980s .
 I like this book , in combination with the software it does give a solid foundation to build a book from . It is not a replacement for talent or flair , but it will help you orgainze ideas , keep timelines and PoVs in order
 This is an awesome book ! First I want to thank Melanie Anne Phillips and Chris Huntly for thier hard work , creativity and innovation for putting together Dramatica . I have been piecing together a story for the last three years on Microsoft -LRB- MS -RRB- OneNote with virtual pages of characters , potential scenes and plots , however none of it was organized . It lacked control , consistency and something to gel it together . I recieved Dramatica last Friday and I can not put it down because the information Dramatica presents is like a transfusion of knowledge going from the page to my brain . How many of you out there ever had one those moments where the intellectual leap is being made in real time as you read and take in rich information ? It is like experiecing an on going epiphany being directly wired into your brain . That is what I have been experiencing while reading Dramatica.After reading the first half of the book I immediately fired up my computer , loaded up MS OneNote and started applying some of the concepts the books teaches such as character archtypes , complex characters , objective characters , subjective characters and four story throughlines as it relates to the points of view per the subjective characters . Although my story 's structure was maturing , there comes a point in time that MS OneNote just is n't going to be effective as a means to retrieve and to display the information , which I was amassing . I went ahead and purchased the software Dramatica Pro and Storyweaver 3.0 . Folks , by writing this review with enthusiasm and mentioning the software , please know that there are no kickbacks taking place between myself , Melanie and Chris . Please understand that I am sharing with you my personal subjective experience using Dramatica and I want to help those who are considering buying Dramatica . With that said , I do suggest in addition to the book purchasing the software Dramatic Pro . Why ? As you read the book your mind is taking in alot of information and you may find yourself repeating the reading of chapters two or three times . Its new ! Your mind is getting accustomed to a new way of thinking when creating stories . The software complements the book because as you build your story through Dramatica Pro , you are applying the theory taught in the book into practical application . For example , let 's say you have read a great deal of the first part of the book , however there are still concepts that seem murky . You have a basic grasp on those murky concepts but you need a solid grasp . Using Dramatica Pro creates that solid grasp because it combines the theory with practical use . Not only are you applying your new skills in Dramatica theory , Dramatica Pro keeps all the information you give it in orderly fashion and has it all ready to display it back in an instant . On the other hand if you use Dramatica Pro without reading the book , you will get an exposure to Dramatica but may deny yourself the theory 's depth that the book eagerly desires to give you . Read the book first , at least at the very minimum the first section and then use the software . You will find a satisfying learning experience.If you are considering purchasing the book Dramatica , I believe that you will not be disappointed but at the same time you must also be willing to commit to learning something new , being open-minded about new concepts and be willing to put it to work or practice . Best of luck with your stories fellow creative writers and may you all prosper from your efforts .
 I could n't offer a better review than to reprint my letter of thanks to the authors : Dear Ms. Phillips and Mr. Huntley , As a student of storytelling , admittedly more organic , your book/theory has expanded my understanding of perspectives and throughlines , of story bio-mechanics , more than any other number of books or experiences . My novel , and sequel manuscript , have gone from flat to full , in record time , a little exaggeration - not much . I can not say I am familiar with the nuance of all 64 boxes yet , excuse the juvenile description , but its been like stepping out of the dark.The theory has served more than as a writing tool for me . I find myself applying the principles even to real life situations , and taking/using the perspective of various characters , as the story 's perceived and as what 's perceived as needed to fix it , to influence the narrative and the outcome . Does that sound nuts ? It actually works . I 'm not there yet , writing my own story , and never will be I 'm certain , but to aspire.Most importantly , you guys have showed me what people really want . - We all want a good story , well told . We want it in the books we read and the movies we watch . We want it in the products we buy and services we receive , the affiliations we maintain and interests we pursue . We want it in the life we live . But more than want , we need stories . Stories are how we learn and understand , how we analyze and formulate decision making strategies -LRB- now experimentally proven -RRB- . Stories are how we make ourselves understood , how we discuss and advance thought . How we win others to our viewpoint , to favorable assessment at least.Thanks again
 Dramatica
 I 've been a hobbyist writer since 2000 ; but , having recently retired I decided to become serious about writing . A friend suggested I read this book , because as an engineer by training and vocation I am a person who needs to understand a subject before really `` doing '' it . To that end Dramatica is excellent . But , the theory section , some 163 pages , is quite tough slogging . I had to make many notes and turn what I read into my own words to gain full understanding . Was it worth the effort ? Yes , absolutely , but if you are not a persistent type person you will never complete the task . The authors themselves on page 78 say , `` This discussion can get theoretical at times , and we present it more for those interested in details , rather than as essential reading . '' They are absolutley right.Now , the second half of the book is on the subject of `` The Art of Storytelling . '' However , from what I garnered , the art they present is a proprietary one aimed primarily as an adjunct to their writing software `` Dramatica . '' I consider the writing process as put forth by the authors as too structured , too complex and too demanding of details . Since a writer 's subconscious really does most of his writing and if he lets it loose -LRB- he really should -RRB- then all his carefully laid plans run the risk of being abandoned . To write an `` honest '' story , one that will grab readers , the writer must be truthful to himself otherwise his readers just stop reading . Will all this structured work as promulgated by the authors hinder or help truthful storytelling ? That 's for you to decide . Remember Shakespeare , Dickens and Hemmingway did n't take courses on writing , did n't read texts on writing and certainly did n't use writing related computer programs . What they did do was read a lot and write a lot . My conclusion on the Dramatica book is that it 's worth the read , but it 's not really necessary .
 This is a good resourse , but if you are thinking about buying this book , do realize that you can download the lecture free as a podcast on iTunes .
 Dramatica
 Sorry for any mistake I could do here , English is not my first language . Dramatica Theory is the most challenging writing book I never read . It is very interesting but difficult . The authors create new definitions for words , and I often had to pause and go back in the book , to be sure to understand.But I am happy I did this effort . Dramatica Theory offers deep insights about what should be in a story . I think it is useful when you have a story , and you want to explore how to take it at a deeper , more complete level . I think most of writers and screenwriters can really get benefit of this book .
 I have used Dramatica for years , with my beta-version of this book - copied from the generous website - and I could n't imagine writing without it . My first published short story has the elegant bare-bones version of the theory tucked into it , and everyone has mentioned how ` complete ' it was.The first novel -LRB- unpublished -RRB- I wrote was BD -LRB- before Dramatica -RRB- - and readers noted that it took a good third of the book before they really got into it - and then they could n't put it down . I 'm aiming for far better than that with the current novel - grabbing the reader 's attention by the first line , and then making sure that new stuff is developed at an attention-holding pace . Dramatica has made me think of so much to write that the story never flags . I ca n't wait to get it all in a nice clean book form .
 I have both the book and the software . The terminology in this theory is sometimes difficult , because it redefines certain words we use commonly to serve its own purposes . For example , Dramatica refers to `` dynamic pairs '' of story elements . Some of them are easy enough to grasp
 First , Dramatica lives up to it 's claims
 THE UP
 This book is very important for american descendants living in Brazil . We ca n't let the culture dies .
 The book I ordered was in great shape , came on time and was as described by the seller . Thanks .
 Maxwell 's stated purpose for a leadership Bible is that everyone is a leader , and that effective leaders must first be able to lead themselves.The first interesting note on the book is his choice of the New King James Version , rather than the more common New International Version , but the translation flows quite nicely , so it does not present a problem.In the book , Maxwell takes insights from the 21 Irrefutable Laws and the 21 Indispensable Qualities to highlight the Biblical passages . For example , he takes Biblical figures and discusses how they embodied a particular law or quality , sometimes more than one . Also worthy of note is that he uses both positive and negative examples of leadership
 Maxwell does a very good job bringing out the leadership lessons from the Bible . The Bible is full of leadership notes on almost every page . Maxwell 's 21 laws and qualities are listed in the back in a concordance type format . I like the color scheme inside also . The layout makes reading easy . This is the Bible I use daily . However , I also offer a few notes of caution.This is not a `` Study Bible '' . If you are looking for a Bible with commentary notes then this one is NOT for you . It is designed for leaders . If you are not a leader personality then you will probably not like this work.There is no concordance and cross references are limited to the Old Testament quotes in the New Testament . However , it does contain alternate readings and notes from differing Greek texts . -LRB- Syriac , and Vulgate too -RRB- The verse numberings are hard to find in the text and probably should have been bolded for clarity . -LRB- The poetic passages are the exception here -RRB- Overall , I really like this Bible . Then again , I am a military and Christian leader so it is geared for me .
 Dr. John Maxwell 's `` Leadership Bible '' represents an inspiring and instructive Bible/Guide to be used to train and inculcate pastors , elders , and laypersons in the art of biblical leadership , just as the title suggests.Using parallels as illustration between historic biblical and contemporary events , Dr. Maxwell shows in lucid detail how the maxims and laws of human nature subject to proper leadership are necessary to the will of G_d and are actually endorsed by Him.For example , `` Lessons in Leadership -LRB- from the Book of Luke -RRB- '' :1 . Healthy leaders have nothing to prove , nothing to lose , and nothing to hide .2 . Wise leaders speak the truth , whatever the cost .3 . Effective leaders provide incentives to their followers .4 . Successful leaders discern , then develop , then delegate .5 . Great leaders feel secure enought to express emotions and be vulnerable .6 . The best leaders love the world , serve the many , but train the few .7 . Good leaders practice repetition until others embrace the vision .8 . The most powerful force in a leader 's life is love for people.A gem . Well done ! Five stars .
 I 'm not sure what I was expecting , but this work exceeded all my expectations on what a Bible with such a title should look like!Maxwell is known as the peerless master of teaching leadership qualities . His secular works are required reading , and nothing comes close in excellence . How does he introduce such qualities into a Bible , though ? Wonderfully!Maxwell takes every possible aspect of leaderhip -LRB- dozens and dozens -RRB- and ties them into Biblical characters and situations . There is enough teaching and study material here to occupy one 's time for years , and none is fluff.This is more of a textbook than a Bible , but I guarantee -- there is nothing else like it ! Unlike so many other attempts which end up balancing a secular principle on a thread of Scripture , Maxwell really searches the Scripture , and the applications he gleans are relevant!If you ever hope to teach or learn virtually every leadership quality , tenet , or principle found in the Bible -- your search is over . Maxwell has found them all!Also recommended
 In my humble opinion , The Maxwell Leadership Bible is better than any of the books , simply because Maxwell takes the core concepts from his various books and shows how they are applied in the Bible.For example , Maxwell includes :1 . Excerpts from the 21 Irrefutable Laws of Leadership and 21 Indispensible Qualities of a Leader books .2 . Over 100 biographical profiles from people in the Bible .3 . A brief introduction to each book of the Bible and how leadership principles were applied .4 . Short articles and `` Read As You Go '' notes as you progress through the Bible .5 . Topical index of various leadership materials.The reader has to bear in mind that this not necessarily a study Bible but a Bible whose focus is leadership . With the failures the world has recently seen in the ministry , politics , and business , Maxwell 's Leadership Bible is welcomed read for those who are looking for a biblical basis for how to/how not to lead.Maxwell 's premise is that leaders are to serve others -LRB- just like Jesus -RRB- and not lord it over them -LRB- like worldly `` leadership '' so often does . -RRB- . Quite frankly , I find much inspiration from the Scriptures to lead properly and not cut corners when the pressure is turned up.All in all , a highly recommended read for the Christian who wants to learn -LRB- and get encouragement -RRB- on how to lead from a biblical basis . The non-Christian can also benefit from the book by considering how the biblical type of leadership so often contrasts with worldly leadership . Everyone will benefit by considering how his/her leadership qualities compare with the Bible.Read and be encouraged !
 I 've heard John Maxwell speak at Promise Keepers . This was back when he was still a church pastor . Even then , he was quite a comminucator . He good deliver an excellent message and get his ideas across to anyone listening . He was and still a powerful teacher and speaker.I have n't read any of his books on leadership . So I do n't know how much of his leadership Bible compares to any of them . But I read this Bible cover-tocover during my daily devotional time in 2002 . Prior to reading this Bible , I never viewed the Bible as a leadership book overall.What John Maxwell does is take the Bible and views it from the vantage point of leaders and leadership . He explains the Bible books , characters , and stories and shows how leaders can use it to learn what to do and what not to do . If you 're a pastor -LRB- as I am -RRB- or involved in any other type of leadership , you wo n't see leadership the same way again after reading and using this Bible . To every thing that 's in the Bible , you 'll see it in whole new light . And if you 're like me , you 'll see yourself differently in terms of being a Christian leader . You 'll also see those that you 're leading differently , too.As another reader stated , this is not a good Bible for the average layman that is n't called to leadership . But if you 're in leadership , this book is a must have . And if you know someone in leadership or is called to leadership and is n't there yet , this book would make an excellent gift.Kudos to John Maxwell ! Well done !
 Maxwell succeeds in creating a new way to experience leadership principles and the bible . I have used this as a guide for my youth group 's leadership program -LRB- highshcool juniors and seniors -RRB- and it has been perfect . This is an excellent gift idea for anyone who has interest in leadership and believes their christain faith is critical to their approach .
 This Bible is very good It really helped me out and even as a young person I was able to understand what John MAxwell was saying and I think that this is the right way to get anyone started on leadership or those who are interested in taking their skills to the next level !
 The Maxwell Study Bible is fantastic resource for those who are in leadership . John 's insights are not only helpful , but very timely and well spaced . This is not a `` Study Bible '' for insights into Greek , Hebrew or a commentary through various passages on Christian living , per se . However , a brilliant study of leadership and it 's principles as displayed through God 's word . If you are a student of leadership , this is not only a must have - it is an essential piece on the subject . I applaud Dr. Maxwell for a work that is a breath of fresh air .
 I could n't put it down . I also look forward to a long life of studying God 's word intertwined with the capsules of leadership previously presented by the awesome Dr. John C. Maxwell.This book is full of helps , from the outline of leaders for each book of the bible preceding the scripture to the 21 Laws that he placed throughout the book.For anyone learining to grow from the inside out , it is a must have . For anyone who thought they were not a leader or were not called to lead , it is a must have . For anyone with a pulse ... you need this book.John sheds light on leadership that I have not encountered before .
 This is a true story of intrigue , betrayal , social engineering gone awry , and oppression in America . Townsend 's WWII AND THE AMERICAN INDIAN is primarily aimed at academics -- Native American studies professors in particular -- but this book is a revelation to those not already familiar with the many bizarre goings-on of the American government and its Right-wing critics in the tense years before , during , and after the war . Native American draft resistance , for example , was widespread -- contrary to the image of patriotic Indian , eager to defend `` his '' country.But most interestingly , the hidden question being explored in this work is
 `` Utilizing a vast array of the government 's own sources , this book captures the irony of a patriotic minority again being neglected by a myopic nation . '' -- M. L. Tate , University of Nebraska at Lincoln . For all adult readers . '' -- CHOICE , January 2001
 I loved this book and it was great to learn about Native Americans . This book was apart of a class but after reading this I went and purchased the book about World War I.
 I think it 's a great book because I like castles , knights , and Sir Simon so I think if you like this kind of stuff then you should read this book I think people in fourth or fith grade should read this book . by : Erica Worthington
 THIS BOOK WAS GREAT . THE ONLY THING BAD WAS THAT IT SEEMED TO LONG IN THE BEGGING
 I want to buy this book and read it at home to my Mom & Dad . I like reading the book it was fun ! When I read the book I play with my castle that I have at home . I like the knight Sir Simon the most . I am so sorry that Williams Nanny is moving back with his brother in Italy .
 `` Castle '' is a wonderful book for children who have short attention spans . It provides adventure and re-affirms the laws of chivalry .
 This is one of my favorite books of all time . In fact it would be my favorite book if I had n't read The Battle For the Castle which is the next book in this minne seris . What I 'm trying to say is that this is a really good book and if your only aloud to buy one book this year make it The Battle For the Castle .
 This is a fun book because it is about life in a diminute world sharing times with knights , servants , other different people and Alabaster , the small world wizard .
 A castle ! That 's the best gift William had ever received!But on the other hand , his favorite housekeeper , Mrs. Phillip is leaving him forever ... But this is not an ordinary castle , with a common little two inch lead knight , it 's the kingdom of the famous Silver Knight , taken from the evil Alastor . Holding the magic token with Janus ' face on it that will shrink people , does William had enough courage and steadfastness to help the Silver Knight reclaimed his kingdom ... ?
 This book is amazing . I read it when I was a child and could n't put it down . It has amazing adventure and suspense , without the horrible violence . Several months ago , something reminded me of the book and I had to hunt it down . I had forgotten the title and the author -LRB- it had been 15 years since I read it -RRB- . I finally was able to locate it . I was thrilled . I bought it and read it in just a couple of hours . It is a book I recommend for both children and adults .
 This ought to be required reading for every boy or girl between the ages of 8-12 . Enjoyable , readable , exciting , and above all , heart-warming .
 This is an excellend book for students in third through fifth grade . I read it aloud to my third grade class and they LOVED it .
 This was a great fantasy book . I think it was good because it was full of action and imagination . It is especially good if you like knights and wizardry . This book was about a kid named William who goes on a spectacular adventure with a knight . He runs into trouble and has to defeat a wizard on the way . I recommend this book because it is fun to read and keeps you on the edge of your seat .
 In 5th grade we read a book thats called the castle in the attic . I think this book is # 1 because its full of adventures and magic and dragons . This book is for all ages . My favourite part was when William had to defeat the Dragon , because it was very exciting to read and my imagination took over . My secomd favourite part was when William took the token and made miss Phillips small .
 This book is a great book to read . Elemantry students and children from all ages will love Elisabeth Windrop 's idea . I LOVED this book and I think that it should be sold in stores everywere . The Castle In The Attic made me inspired to do an other Fantasy , Magic book and I think it will inspire you too.-Kara
 I think that The Castle in the Attic is a great book for people of all ages . I would recommend this book for anyone who likes fantasy or adventure . This book is full of magic , adventure , and happiness . All of the characters have to work together to defeat the evil wizard , Alastor .
 I would recommend this book to any kids who love a great adventure . I was on the edge of my seat the whole way through the book . I especially loved the Silver Knight and how he became friends with William . Go get this book !
 i read this and battle for the castle when i was young . now as an adult and a mother i cant wait to read this to my little boy ! it was such an amazing story ! i read it over and over again !
 just got this book since i read it when i was younger and loved it . i will reread it one of these days , but i bet its pretty lame 15 years later , oh well .
 Fun book . Young boy , 10 , is given a toy castle by his nanny who is leaving to go back to England . The boy , William , is very upset that Mrs. Phillips is leaving . When he discovers that the castle , or more accurately , the Silver Knight that comes with it , is enchanted , he devises a plan to keep her with him . And thus begins a very satisfying tale of fantasy and heroism.I listened to the audio version of this book - read by the author along with an entire cast . I ca n't say it was the best audio book I 've ever listened to . As often is the case , the reading by the author , while interesting , was n't great . And it was n't just the author . I often kept thinking to myself that I wish I had opted to read this one instead of listening to it .
 REVIEWED BY
 I do remember that this book Castle in the Attic along with The Hatchet were my two favorite books in my 10th year probably a little later . Now I know that for all of its childish elements its actually one of your more basic fantasy stories lonely child meets exiled knight who just so happens to need his help in fighting an evil wizard . The fact that I remember it all of these years later is a testament to its staying power.Overall-I do n't see any reason why it should n't still work today I doubt it has lost any of its punch .
 Man , this book was neat . I loved it . The Castle in the Attic is a great book for people who love adventure . William is a 10 year-old boy who loves gymnastics and loves his nanny Mrs.Phillips who takes care of him . Mrs.Phillips is an elder woman and very much fun to William . One day , William finds out that Mrs.Phillips has to leave . He tries everything to stop her , but nothing works . Before she leaves , she gives William a toy castle and a silver knight that one day is supposed to come alive . When Mrs. Phillips goes to her bus stop to leave , the strangest thing happened . She never set foot past William 's front walkway . Where does she end up ? What adventure lies in William 's hands ? All I can say though is the author is trying to tell us '' You do n't always get what you wish for '' . If you read this book , I hope you enjoy it as much as I did .
 My kids loved this book . They are 9 and 6.5 years old . Previously , we read the Indian in the Attic which has many similarities . This is a true fantasy action book.The book starts out with William Lawrence age 10 who loves to do gymnastics . His Nanny , Mrs. Phillips , feels that it is time to return to her home in England . William does not want her to go and is trying to figure out a way to keep her with him . As part of her goodbye gift to him and a birthday gift , she gives him a castle that is very realistic but miniature . She hands him a small Silver Knight to use in the castle . William feels the knight move in his hand and thinks it is his imagination . However , it turns out that William broke the spell of an evil wizard , Alastor . The Silver Knight turns out to be a man named Sir Simon . His father was a King and Sir Simon was supposed to inherit the title after his father 's death . However , Alastor got hold of the father and Sir Simon lost his inheritance . Alastor used a token to make Sir Simon turn to lead and shrinks him.William thinks of a plan to keep Mrs. Phillips with him . He uses the token to shrink Mrs. Phillips . Now , she is miserable being small in the castle . Sir Simon wants to return to his own land . William decides to go on the adventure with the Knight . In order to do this William has to have the courage to battle evil . He also has to show all the skill that he already possesses.It is truly a magical story and my kids can not wait to read the sequel . It is definitely a must read . It was on my son 's school reading list and I am glad it was !
 The Castle in the Attic is full of adventure , it is thrilling , and funny . It was funny when Simon came alive . It was full of adventure when William went to defeat Alastar . It was thrilling when Alastar was turned into lead . You should read this book because it 's exciting .
 . This book is about a boy named William whose nanny , Mrs. Phillips , is moving away to England and gives Willaim a castle and a lead knight . Later , William goes to look at the castle and knight , but the knight , Sir Simon , comes to life in his hands!Sir Simon tells William about the troubles in his land , an evil wizard has taken over Sir Simon 's kingdom . That evil wizard , Alastor , turned Simon into lead , but Simon had grabbed a token off of Alasor 's neck . That Janus token has the ability to make people small.William gets the token and shrinks Mrs. Phillip to make her stay , but unwittingly starts fufilling the Prophecy above the castle drawbridge.In their adventure , William and Sir Simon experience magic , dragons , wizardry , and time travel.This book is a great read no matter how old you get ! I recomend this magical tale for people in third grade and above .
 I enjoyed this book so much , I have read it twice.William is ten-years-old when he finds out that his house-keeper/nanny is going to leave him . `` He is old enough to take care of himself now . `` William is afraid that with busy parents he will be left alone . Before she parts for England , Mrs. Phillips gives William a very special gift . She takes him up to the attic and shows him a very large , fully functional castle . He has to be brave , in order to have the castle , which has been in Mrs. Phillips family for many many years . There is only one knight that comes with the castle , the silver knight . Mrs. Phillips tells William that there is a story passed down through her family , that the silver knight is under a spell , and that one day he will come back to life.There is magic , spells and trickery within the walls of the castle . Not only will William need to be brave and stand on his own , but he will need to help end an evil curse.You will enjoy reading about the life and times of the silver knight , as you join William on an adventure , back to the times of knights and ladies.Jill Ammon Vanderwoodauthor
 This is a wonderful , feel-good , learn-good-morals novel for a young adult . I loved it when I was a kid , so I found it on here and bought it a couple weeks ago . Now , I can read it in a couple hours , but it 's still as magical as what I remembered . If you or your children like fantasies , this would be a great choice .
 I am using this book for one of my small reading groups and all of the students want to read ahead . It 's like Indian in the Cupboard , BUT the boy gets to go on the adventure , too !
 I liked the book Castle In The Attic because it was a book on a Dragon and a Knight . My three favorite parts were when William climbed the tree and got the apple for the cursed man . My other one was when he fought the dragon , and my last one was when William fought Alastor.Other kids should read this book so they will be more interested in reading the sequel Battle For The Castle .
 A Great BookThe Castle in the Attic is an exciting , thrilling , and action-packed book . Mrs. Phillips gives William a castle . He gets a led knight to go with the castle . The knight comes to life . He and William go to save the people in the castle that were turned to stone . It is a thrilling book because William has to go through the forest with Sir Simon the knight and he gets lost . It is an action-packed book because when William finally finds his way to the castle he has to kill the dragon . Then he has to destroy Alisdor the evil king . I think you should read this book because it will make you want to read more books about long ago .
 I liked this book because it was sort of scary . It was sort of scary because of when William and Sir Simon were in the woods trying to get to Alastor 's castle , but then Sir Simon went off the path and left William alone in the spooky woods.My favorite character is Mrs.Philips
 I really liked this book , `` The Castle in the Attic '' , because there were many good parts . My favorite part is William got shrunk.Another part is in chapter 16 when William got the token . One other part I liked was when he returned . I hope you will read this book soon . It is a really good book .
 I read a great book it is called the Castle In the Attic . This book was writen by Elizabeth Winthrope . Its about a boy named Willam who has a nana named Ms.Phillips she is really close to Willam because she has lived with him sence he was born . But she is going back to live in Egland with her brother but Willam dose n't want her to go . So he takes away her favorite thing that she wants to be buried with . A pictureher of her husband who died in the war . but he gives it back . then she says she has a surprise for him ! Thats when he gets the caastle . Then something cool happens the toy Knight comes to life . Then thats were he gets an idea . The Knight says he was shrnk and thats how he got small from a wizerd named Alester . The Knight also stole Alester sinking tolken that shunk him . Then he gets an idea to shink her and keep her in the castle with the Knight . But he 's not sure if he should shink her . I wo n't tell you what he does because it would give away the ending . I think it is a good book because you want to know what happens . On a scale from one to five I would give it a four.This book was published in 1981 so its kind of old but still a good book . In this book he changes by after he makes hes dison on shinking her but he changes by getting wiser . I think you should read this book !
 It is a very good book full of magic and castles , abou t a 11 year old gymnast that shrimks his self to save a magical toy 's kingdom . A very good book for those who like the medival times .
 this book is a very nice story full of magic and adventure . my 8 year old daughter loved it and so did i. i recommend this book to any reader who likes magical stories .
 The main characters are William the boy , the Silver Knight , and Mrs. Phillips -LCB- maid -RCB- . My favorite character is the Silver Knight . A good thing about this book is it has easy handwriting . I like this book because it had a lot of fantasy . I did n't like this book because it did n't have a lot of action . The book is about a 10 year old boy named William who had a maid named mrs. phillips that gave him a castle . One night , William went into the attic to play with the castle and opened the box that had the Silver Knight . The Silver Knight talked to him and william about his life . If you want to know more about the book than read the book.Here 's somthing you could read . There is not much action until the end . There is a sequal . It could be better but I have n't read it . I rate this book a 4 .
 Wheen I was little this was one of my Favorate books . I liked it because it makes you imagine what it would be like if you were shrunk and lived in a toy castle . I Really liked this book .
 Well , to begin with , it 's fantasy . With knight -LRB- s -RRB- , a Wizard , a kid and an adult get shrank , going off on an adventure . Well , to get shrank , they used a token . There was an evil wizard , which turned people into stone . And a drogon , in which , when you look into his eyes , he becomes vulnerable . Well , with the help of a knight called Sir Simon , the kid defeats the wizard .
 This was an excellent classroom tool . The voice was articulate and it brought the book to life as the children listened .
 The Castle In The Attic by Elizabeth WinthropI like the book The Castle In The Attic because its about magic and its fiction . I think you will like this book because its about a boy who gets a castle . And the boy gets a small knight , and the knight is alive and makes the boy small with a magical token.The knight has to reclaim his castle and defeat a wizard called Alastor.The magic parts are cooler than I thought . Its the 3rd best book I 've ever read.by DHRUMIL PATEL
 Castle in the atticI like the dragon , the knight , and the magic ... But I do not like the wizard . You should read this book because it is really , really that good . I like the beginning do n't like the middle but I like the end .
 I love this book ! I would read it over and over again . It 's a great adventure book adout friendship and perseverance . I would recommened this book to people who enjoy reading about magic , wizards , and castles .
 Castle in the Attic is a masterpiece beyond childhood recognition . Ms. Winthrop has woven a tale not confined to the limits of a child 's imagination , but one that tests the mature intellect . Christian parents will be pleased to discover that while magic is a recurring theme in this book , it proves to be mearly a side story to the more important and intreguing prospect of William 's character development . I recomend to any parent this book for their young son . It speaks of Honor and Chivalry in the face of evil , of strength and tender souls . What this book speaks of in regard to emotional strength is something that every child , and even adult , needs to discover ; That to Cry is not Cowardice , to be tender hearted is not Weakness , and that Honor and courage is the Heart of a Knight .
 I liked The Castle In the Attic.I liked it especially when William got separated from Sir Simon in the forest.I think that everybody should read The Castle In the Attic . It 's very cool to read about a journey .
 The book The Castle in the Attic is a very interesting , exciting book . One fascinating part was when William stole the tokens from the wizard . What happened to the wizard ? I guess you 'll have to read the book to find out the exciting , outrageous , and funny details .
 My class read the book The Castle in The Attic My whole class liked the book . My favorate part was when Willam got past the dragon.But did he get in the castle ? I do n't know ! You will have to read the book to find out . I recommend you read this book !!!!
 The book Castle in the Attic is a good book.My favorite part is when william defeated Alastor . There was one other good part in Castle in the Attic . When William was trying to get to Alastors kingdom and the dragon was distracting him with bad visions . I recommend this book to anybody who likes exciting books .
 I like the book Castle In the Attic . It is a good book.My favorite part is when William fights the dragon . To find out what happens you need to read the book.I recommend the book beacuse it is exciting .
 `` The Castle in the Attic '' is an AMAZING book , especially if you like adventurous , suspenseful books with happy endings . William seems so real , the way he 's both good and bad . The creativity -LRB- Alaster , the magic tokens -RRB- is stunning . If you love this book , be sure and read the sequel `` The Battle for the Castle '' .
 There are very many adventures in the book . I recommend 2 books the Castle in The Attic and The Battle for The Castle . They are really good books . They are very interesting.The auther is Elizabeth Winthrop . She makes it so that you wo n't want to put it down . I know I did not want to put the book down.I 'm giving the book 5 stars because its very detailed . For example instead of her saying he climbed the tree to get the apple . She tells what happend while he climbed the tree.My favorite part was when William freed the Silver Knight.He touched the Silver Knight on the cheek so the Silver Knight came alive.In conclusion , I highly recommend this book . So if you like adventures , this is a book I think you would like .
 This book is about a boy who gets a toy castle as a gift and working with a knight going from the present into the past saving a old town from a evil ruler -LRB- Alastor -RRB- . The town was saved and they wanted the knight and the boy to rule their town but the boy refuses and goes back to the present and the knight stays to protect the town from any other evil rulers .
 I 'm twelve years old and I read this book back in fourth grade . I loved it even though I 'm not one for fantasies . I 'd recamend it to any fantasy lover even people who are n't it 's easy to read and great .
 The reason it was so good was because when a boy goes up into the attic he finds a whole castle . And when he picks up a figure it becomes alive , and guess what he even turned into a little action figure . He has to save the day to rescue the princess from the evil knight . My favorite part was when the boy was flying an airplane and shoots out some pellets that are soft and do n't hurt anyone . Then he shoots it at the evil knight on the top of the castle and the knight falls down screeming and he falls into the water and the boy , and the princess do n't see him any more !
 I read this book in elemetary school and I have never forgotten the mysterious adventure Winthrop created . I guarantee you will enjoy this book , and I doubt you will ever forget the story , or the lessons it teaches .
 This is the reveiw I used for school
 I loved this book ! E. W. has created an amazing world of castles , knights , dragons , and much more . It is a new and exciting idea of a castle and a knight and even a whole world coming to life for William . My favorite idea behind the book is that when William is in the castle , he can not see his attic . His world had dissapeared . The idea of being in another world in the castle is thrilling ! I reccomend this book to readers of all ages ! Also be sure to read * Battle for the Castle * , the sequel to * Castle in the Attic * !
 The Castle In The Attic by Elizabeth Winthrop is a great book for all ages . In this story William 's grandma gave him her big toy castle because she is going back to England . But William shrunk her and he has to get her big again and he needs some help . I liked this book because it has action , drama , and it was a little scary . There are two messages by the auther . One is never to quit , always try again and do n't do the crime if you ca n't do the time . If you want to find out what happens to William I suggest you pick this book up .
 I really liked castle in the attic because it is for someone who likes an adventure it fun and it will make you read more and morebecause it has knights and wizards and magic coins . So I really recommend this book for people that like adventure !
 This book is about a boy who gets a toy castle as a gift and working with a knight going from the present into the past saving a old town from a evil ruler -LRB- Alastor -RRB- . The town was saved and they wanted the knight and the boy to rule their town but the boy refuses and goes back to the present and the knight stays to protect the town from any other evil rulers .
 I love the way Elizabeth Winthrop describes his emotions about Mrs. Phillips leaving . It was exiting and I could n't put it down !
 This book was the best book to read it kept me on the edge of my seat ! I coul n't wait to finish and to see what happened and when it ended i wanted to read it again . If you like fantasies i would highly recement this book . It 's about a boy named William and his `` nanny '' and very close friend gave him a castle and he adored it ! When he relized that the castle had secrets to learn he became a part of the castle . If you want to know more than bye the book !!
 Willam and Mrs. fillip 's have a speicel bond they love each other but she got home sick so willam thought of a few ways to try to keep her from leaving . not one of them worked mrs.fillip 's felt bad she was leaving so she gave willam a castle that she owned . So that `` s how it starts your going to half to read it for yourself !
 I 've read this book 3 times , and enjoyed it every time I read it . William is a very up-building charecter . This book is a definiate action packed thriller !!!
 This was a great and is very magical . A young boy 's nanny is leaving and gives him a small castal as a going away present but it turns out that the night that came w/the castal is a real night that has been shrunken and turned to stone . The young boy breaks the spell that an evil sorcerer has put on the night and goes back to his time to stop the wrong that the sorcerer is doing . Will he stop the evil sorcerer or will the evil sorcerer stop him , you will find out in this incredible story of magic and adventure !!!
 a story of courage , humor and of course , imagination
 This book , by Elizabeth Winthrop was one of the best books I 've ever read . It was a real page turner ! The end of every chapter left me wanting to read on . If you love fantasies too , I strongly recommend you pick up this one today !
 I got this book in 4th grade and I am still reading it in 8th . This book is well written and a pleasure to read . I would recommend it to anyone who ever was interested in knights or magic
 When ten year old William recieves a miniature castle from Mrs.Phillips , he finds out it is more magical than he thnks . William travels back through time and has a fantastic adventure . I reccommend this book to everyone !!!!!!!
 This is a great book . My six year old son got it for Christmas and he loves it . He is excited that it is a `` chapter '' book and he can read it easily .
 This book is great for girls or boys , its a fun adventure . I read it alone in 3rd grade and my 1st grade nephew just finished it -LRB- as a chapter a night bed time story read to him by his Mum -RRB- Its such an exciting adventure - about as much fun as a book for a child can be . Some fantastic vocab words , noting so challenging it would be too difficult for a 2nd to 5th grader depending on their reading ability and attention span . Add it to your collection and it will certainly become a favorite .
 My family and I listened to this book on tape when we were driving across the country . It was so fun we did n't want to turn it off . It 's about a boy who figures out what 's in your heart mattters most . It has a great moral and is very exciting . I recommend this book for everyone .
 My children -LRB- 7 , 8 , & 11 -RRB- and I just finished listening to this book . It was great . The story kept them interested . They could n't wait until bed time so we could listen to a few chapters . I am going to purchase the sequel tonight .
 This story is a great one involving magic , different worlds , knights and all the things that make fairy tales great . Any child who likes to read and has an active imagination will like this story . Geared a little more for boys , but I think most girls would appreciate it just as much . This was a favorite at our house growing up and is already on my son 's bookshelf , though he is a little too young for it just yet .
 I am 26 years old and I still remember reading this book as a child . I have always loved castles , so the castle layout diagram at the beginning of the book really made me happy and drew me into the world . The cover is different on my edition , so I hope the diagram is still there in this latest printing . I was an avid reader as a child , and I highly recommend this book !
 Overall , I thought the book , The Castle in the Attic by Elizabeth Winthrop , was great ! It is about a brave 10-year-old boy named William . William is basically energetic and likes to seek adventure . A dear family friend , Mrs. Phillips , is heading back for England -LRB- home -RRB- so she gives William a toy castle . When he picks up the one small lead Knight that comes with it , it magically comes alive . Soon he discovers that there is a token that turns things small like the Silver Knight . The other half of the token that in unison with the second half turns thing big again is in the evil Wizard 's possession . The day before Mrs. Phillips is about to leave he tries the token out by using it on her . Turns out William made a big mistake . He then has to find the other half of the token that will change her back . Before he knows it , William is traveling through a dirty land filled with poverty . He has to battle a fierce dragon and a powerful wizard in order to finish his mission . When you read this book you will embark on a dangerous quest filled with magical spells , fire breathing dragons , and adventure . As you read through the pages you will help the Silver Knight and William conquer all their evil villainous foes . The story mainly takes place in the castle , attic , and poor land . At the end everything goes back to normal and everybody is celebrating . How you say ? You must read this outstanding book to find out !
 This was one of my favorite books as a child ; I read it over and over.William 's nanny is going back to England because she believes he 's old enough to take care of himself . Before she goes , she gives him a castle that has been in her family for generations . It comes with one Silver Knight , and when William touches him , he comes to life . In order to defeat the wizard who placed the spell on the knight , William must become small himself and journey to another land.This book actually holds up well upon re-reading as an adult , and thanks to LibraryThing , I now know there is a sequel . I 'm off to read that next , for the very first time !
 Reviews Of Unusual Size!Re
 The Castle in the Attic was a great book . It was about a boy called William . His family friend babysitter was leaving . She gave him a castle . William and his toy knight go on an adventure for his babysitter . It was an awesome book . I would recommend The Castle in the Attic to everybody .
 We are in the third grade at an all boys school and we just finished reading The Castle in the Attic . We highly recommend this book because it has magic , wizardry , knights , castles , dragons and time travel . We also enjoyed this book because some of the story is fantasy and some is reality . Each character does one special thing in the story . For example , William 's special ability to defeat the dragon . The adventure was very exciting ! We think the author 's use of adjectives is great . Boys and girls would love this book ! If you want to read this book by yourself , we recommend it to any student in the third grade and above . However , anyone over 6 years old might enjoy listening to this tale . This book is magical !
 What I would describe as early-fantasy , a book for kids who are getting into the genre . Snappy and well-paced , the book is also dotted with sweet moments that may bring a tear to the eye.William lives in a nice suburb with his ever-busy parents -LRB- I found it sweet how he still loves and treasures his parents , despite their frequent absence -RRB- and the nanny/maid , Mrs. Phillips . William receives shattering news
 I think this is great book , and if you get the time to read it , you just might find it 's one of the best books you have ever read . In the beginning it is somewhat slow , but if you keep reading , the book will get a lot better and the plot will unravel . There is a little boy who gets a toy castle and a knight from his housekeeper who is moving away . After playing with the castle and the knight the kid starts to see that not everything is normal , and that his world is about to be turned upside down ! I hope you read this book for I know you 'll like it .
 It 's not overly long , and it 's written in simple enough language that my 8 and 9 year old children had no trouble reading it.It 's a very engaging , sweet story , which introduces the concepts of chivalry and bravery . I actually think this book is very good for boys to read - it 's about knights and fighting for one 's honor , and demonstrating loyalty , but it 's also about being able to cry when you need to , and being able to express love for others.In this story , the little boy 's nanny is moving away , because he 's growing up and does n't need her , and he has some trouble accepting this . I think it 's a wonderful , simple way to address some of the issues all children face when approaching their teenage years.I definitely recommend this one to parents and children .
 Genre
 I read this book out loud to my family of boys over the span of one week . They liked it very well -- even the littlest brother could follow the story , even though there are no illustrations.It 's a story of adventure and hidden strength , as a beloved nanny gives William a play castle with a surprise inside -- a miniature , living knight ! The nanny and the 10-year-old child become miniaturized as well , and the adventure to rescue the kingdom from an evil wizard commences.There was a long , slow build-up to the action in this story -- lots of school days , and afternoons in the attic , and gymnastics practices , and long discussion . Only the final 7 chapters detail the real adventure -- the first 10 are just warm-ups . Parent notes : * A lot of lying . A * lot * of lying . William -LRB- the child protagonist -RRB- lies almost constantly through the beginning of the book . * Absent parents rely on a nanny so they can pursue their careers . In fact , the son makes pointed remarks about how the dad never keeps his promises . * Great knightly values
 What do a young gymnist , a nanny , a magic coin , and a evil wizard have in common ? An adventure you 'll never forget ! William has been trying to make his beloved nanny , Mrs.Philips stay with him in stead of going back to England . As a good bye present she sends him a huge toy castle that has been in her family for generations , with a single knight . When Willaim touches this tiny toy knight it comes to life ! Soon he finds himself on an adenture of a lifetime , battling wizards , conquering dragons , and acting like a fool to save a kingdom from alaster.This is my favorit book , action packed and full of adventure . i stay up all night reading it and I plan on reading this book to my younger siblings .
 In the beginning , William is an ordinary boy , but when his toy knight comes alive , and William shrinks , the adventure begins . This book was one of the best books I 've ever read . And anyone with a big imagination and a love for adventures will love this book too .
 Do n't be deceived by the relative slimness of this book-it 's a fantasy classic.The housekeeper at the home of the hero , William , has decided to leave for her native England , and as a going-away present she gives him a toy castle , and a tiny silver knight to go with it . But the knight comes with an odd toy charm , which will shrink or expand whatever creature it is used on ... A wonderful , chilling sequel was written to this , `` The Battle For the Castle '' , but sadly Ms. Winthrop has not chosen to write a third book . Let 's hope she does-there are so many possibilities .
 My friend read this book and freaked out so of course I had to read it to find out why she liked it so much . It gave me chiles I loved it so much I started reading my faverite parts over and over agien till I had it memorised I havent read Battle for the Castle yet but I am well on my way I hope it is as good as the first one I wish Elizabeth Winthrop would writ another advenchur for William so I can stay up late reading about my two favrite story book charicturs William and Sir Simon +
 The Castle in the AtticBy Elizabeth WinthropJ . HoP . 1The Castle in the Attic is about a boy named William who , one day , finds out that his nanny , Mrs. Phillips , is going back to England . Before she left , she gave William a castle that came with one mysterious lead knight . The week she was about to leave , William found out that the knight became alive and that the knight carried a magical shrinking artifact . William was in such despair about Mrs. Phillip that he used the artifact to shrink her so she could stay with William for as long as he liked . She did n't like being as small as a toy so William also shrank himself to help change back Mrs. Phillips . He learned the story of the knight , about the evil magician Alastor , and about the magical world after being shrunk . To save Mrs. Phillip and himself , he went on a journey to defeat Alastor and get the enlarging token . He became a hero after defeating Alastor , but went back to the castle . He changed Mrs. Phillips and himself back to normal . This story had some things that I liked and disliked.I disliked the part where William only thought of his own despair . `` And what would Mrs. Phillips think of sharing the castle with Sir Simon ? William wondered for a moment . He put the thought quickly out of his mind . He would worry bout that later . '' William barely gave a thought to what Mrs. Phillips would feel . He only thought about how good it would feel if he could make Mrs. Phillips stay forever . There was also another part I did n't like.The part where William still made a joke of changing Mrs. Phillips was another part I detested . '' ` Although I do have this special token that makes people green form the roots of their hair right down to their toenails . Do n't you think your brother would like you to come home a whole new color ? ' '' It was n't very nice of him to make a joke of changing people , especially without their permission . Although there were several parts I disliked there was also a part in the book I liked.The best part of the book was where William fought Alastor . `` William reached out and snatched the mirror , turning it on Alastor . The look of horror on the wizard 's face was unbearable , and William was almost tempted to drop the mirror and break it . Alastor sank to his knees covering his eyes with his hands . ` It 's the locust , ' he moaned . '' This part was really exciting . It was very dramatic and I could picture a villainous wizard covering his eyes and getting scared by his own cruelty .
 I first read this book when I was eight , and now , at 17 , I still have n't forgotten it . I must have read it three times , and I loved every word of it . It sparks the imagination and it 's extrememly difficult to put down . I remember staying up past midnight just to read this book -LRB- despite my parents ' admonishments -RRB- . I recommend it to all kids ! I know I 'll be reading it to my future children !
 I remembered this book from my childhood , it 's been neigh on 15 years since I last read it and it 's still a wonderful book . Ms. Winthrop does wonders sparking the imagination of people everywhere .
 A greater than your average book and an adventure about the person who reads this book . A thrilling book to read
 This was one of my favorite books when I was a child . Now I got the chance to read it to my children and they too loved it ! I am so happy I got to share it with them !
 i loved this book , read it several times as a child and then again as an adult . recommended for any grade schooler , and even adults that enjoy fantasy and castles
 When I was in first grade this book was read to us by our teachers sister , I could never recall the title but it stuck with me like no other book . I finally got the chance and was told the name and was told I was not the only one from the class to have asked about it .
 I love the details about the characters and the story line . It is a great book ! I definitely recommend that you read it .
 This was a family favorite when our children grew up . We read it every summer . We built castles to put in our attic . Beautifully written . Purchasing it now for my grandchildren .
 I absolutely love this book for children . One of my teachers read this book to my class in elementary school , and I loved it then . I could not remember much about the story , so I recently decided to pick it up again . It did not disappoint . This is a great action story about the strength we all have inside of us . There were a lot of great lessons hidden in this book . This is definitely one I will read to my class once I 'm a teacher !
 We own a selection of audio books we listen to as a family on long car rides . Some were smart purchases , some ... not so much . The Castle in the Attic is one of those rare children 's books that even parents can enjoy listening to without a side of Advil . The Castle in the Attic is ALWAYS the first audio book I reach for when packing for a long trip .
 I like the book Castle In the Attic because it was very adventurous . My favorite part in the book was when Mrs.Philips gave William a gift . Do you know what the gift was ? Can you figure out what it is ? I recommend this book because Castle In the Attic is a very exciting novel to read .
 I read the book The Castle in the Attic and I really enjoyed it . My favorite part was when William meets Sir Simon and sees the castle . I like this part because William gets scared and drops him on the floor . Will they become friends or not ? Find out by reading the book .
 Do you believe in dragons and magical lands ? Well , if you do then this book is for you ! Willam 's house keeper is moving away . He does n't want her to go.He tries to make her stay . Before she leaves she gives him a castle . Next thing he knows he 's on a fantastic journey to free the land from a evil wizard . Will the wizzard catch him and turn him into lead . Read this book to find out . Recommended for 3rd graders and up.By Sam
 Chirag KapadiaGoodridgeReadingBook reportThe Castle in the AtticBy
 I think I first read this book when I was around 11 years old . Since then I must of read it a hundred times . I read it so much that it has fallen apart , and yet I keep the pieces . I am now 26 years old and it is still one of my top ten favorite books . I came on here looking for a new copy so I can read it again . And now I look forward to reading the follow up story `` The Battle For The Castle ''
 I loved this book when I was about eight years old , and looking back on it , it 's easy to see why
 There are many reasons for my liking of `` The Castle in The Attic '' The first reason for my liking is the story plot . The antagonist fits in supelutivly ! The clothing of the charaters is another reason for my liking . The knight 's plate mail , dagger , helm , and shield . Then there is Alastor 's robe , a perple hue radiates from the blue robe . One last reason is the main character ! I can relate to him so much it is scary in a way.The best part I would have to say was when William begins his journey in Sir Simon 's world . She wrote it so well you could really picture yourself standing there in the rolling fields with the castle in the background or the rolling roads toward towns filled with knights and patrolmen . the real reason why is when he duels the black dragon of Alastor 's . You could picture William 's duel at the castle gates.The most vivid part was the middle part of the book . You could see in her writing thats he spent a lot of time on that part of the story . The first reason is the way she worded it , also the way you could picture it inside your head . The resolution is a little dull though . I guess that she got bored of the story and wnated to end it quickley . The worst part was describing the main setting . She left you out in the middle of nowhere besides the fact that they were n't in the United Kingdom . Overall though , I would give the book and 4 out of 5 .
 I think this is a wonderful book for kids with a good imagination . It?s a journey to another world . A boy named William is going on a great adventure . At one point he is with a silver knight , then he loses the silver knight and he has to go on alone . Before that William shrinks ! After that he goes into the woods and has to make it through . I think anyone who reads it will enjoy it . I hope you get to read it soon .
 WARNING ! WARNING ! You have to read this book . It is about a boy named William . William is a 10 year old boy who is very caring . His nannie , Mrs Phillips , is going back to London . William does n't want her to go . She has been there his whole life . To make him feel better she gives him a castle that has been in her family for years . There is a toy knight in the castle.He is the Silver Knight . Thats how the whole book started . I loved this book . It was very intriguing . I just could n't put it down . Read this book .
 This book was really good it was really funny and i liked it because of alll the littel people and the littel casel
 I heard this book from the bookmobile librarian . I thought it was so fun , that I ordered it the next day!Great new lyrics to an old song . The preschoolers at our school loved it .
 This book resembles the old western train ride at Disneyland before they transformed it into `` Big Thunder Mountain Railroad . '' The opening pages have the same desert canyon terrain and hues of tan , umber , gold , yellow , orange , and purple . Illustrator Ashley Wolff places mountain goats in strategic locations -LRB- e.g. , on top of boulders and natural terraces -RRB- , an armadillo and a chipmunk read on top of a cactus , and pigs fish off a bridge . You almost expect one of the animals to jump off the page , slowly turned its head at you , and talk in an electronic voice . This is not a criticism , however ; the relaxed tone and elements of fantasy tell you not to take it too seriously.A cowboy-hatted , banjo-playing frog starts singing `` She 'll be comin ' ` round the mountain when she comes , '' and we see a red and white camper truck slowly approaching over wooden bridges and through cement tunnels . As we view the frog in the foreground , and the almost mythic John Ford-like western landscape in the background , we can also look `` down '' at the old town nestled at the bottom of these mountains . Illustrator Wolff ` s pictures capture a perspective as wide and long as the canyon itself.The story slowly unfolds through the frog 's modified song lyrics , the activities in the old town , and the tension built through the approaching truck . We learn gradually that the animals are preparing for a big reception in the town center and cleaning up the best room in town to get ready when the mysterious `` she '' comes . Food is very , very important too
 My two year old can almost recite this book . It is not the song we 've all heard but a funny take on it . We borrowed it from the library and had to eventually purchase our own copy . It is very fun to read and sing !
 `` Fruitilada '' is a drink made from a combination of fruits -LRB- fruit salad -RRB- which have been liquified and sugar , water and ice is added to the mixture . The word is a combination of English and Spanish . Lada is from `` helada '' which means cold , or from ensalada which means salad .
 This was a very entertaining read . I do n't know the real words to She 'll Be Comin ' Round the Mountain song , but this was probably better . The animals in this mountain town are getting ready for a fiesta . They 're cooking , decorating , and cleaning up . All the while , we can see a truck coming around the bendy moutain road getting closer and closer . There are clues in the pictures to help the reader guess exactly WHO is coming around the moutain . Very nice illustrations by Ashley Wolff .
 This is such a fun book . It has a great new twist on an old favorite school time song . The illistrations are the very best and the wording is so fun . My granddaughters loved this book ! Ca n't go wrong on this one ! The ending is wonderfull .
 I love this book . It is about reading books . I use it in my preschool classroom . It arrived in excellent condition and the process was very easy .
 My 21/2 year old grandson 's favorite book from the library . I was very fortunate to find this used `` out-of-print '' library copy from allnewbooks . It arrived very quickly and in excellent condition . This is an old time favorite with a `` southwestern '' flair . The illustrations are fabulous .
 We love this book - wonderful illustrations , great vocabulary , and just love that the `` she '' who is coming is the librarian of the book mobile ! My son -LRB- 2 -RRB- and I talk about all of the neat pictures and vocab and why a book mobile is necessary in remote parts - all while singing the song ! I could read this every night and not get tired of it . We too took it out from the library several times and eventually purchased our own copy .
 My 2 year old loves to listen to this book , and my 10 year old loves to read it to him . It 's fun to discuss the animals on each page .
 My son and I had checked this book out from the public library and he loved it ! He was so upset when we had to take it back so I decided to look online . We love Mexican food/culture and he thinks it 's so funny after knowing the original song!I was so happy to have found it for his birthday !
 Bil Lepp and his brother have put together a collection of new `` Tall Tales '' that is not to be missed . Not buying this book is akin to bypassing Twain in his day . -LRB- O.k.-Maybe that 's a little much , but you get the point . -RRB- The storytelling is superb , always compelling and surprising , twisting around hysterical subjects and impossible -LRB- ? -RRB- settings . In this day and age you do n't get many chances to read a new author with as much talent as Bil has for spewing forth untruths that sound so believable ! Take my word for it , this one is a keeper ! You wo n't be disappointed !
 If Mark Twain , John Steinbeck or Ernest Hemingway had been twins we 'd be alot better off , but since that did n't happen we need as many W.V. Lepps as they had Waltons.The Lepps have pieced together a hilarious array of short stories and tall tales that you 'll want to share with everyone from your preacher to your parole officer . These stories capture a vanishing part of Americana in a way the old Andy Griffith show did , except that the Lepps lie alot.Can ' t wait for them to get a book on tape , but until they do I 'm sure glad they wrote this book .
 This is really a fantastic book . I read a friend 's Rev. Regina Spring 's that she bought it directly from Rev. Bil ar her course of studies . I am purchasing this book for a Christmas present . I would recommend it to anyone ! Funny ! I would recommend it to all preachers !
 If you like tall tales and humor , you 'll like this book . Stories range from the wonderous fishing exploits of the `` Monster Stick '' to the Herculean feats of Buck The Wonder Dog . I especially liked the story about how wild turkeys learned to disappear from the hunters . Another favorite is a tall tale of how the author won $ 1000 in the lottery , only to lose it to a Wildlife Officer in fines . I hope the author will write many more !
 In the best tale-telling tradition of those West By-Gum Virginia hills , the Lepp brothers manage to be really , really original . That 's Original ... with a capital OH ! A trip on their Yellow Brick Road will take you to Laugh Land ... A place of reading enchantment . But be careful , it 's bound to be a road full of chuckle-holes .
 Bil and Paul Lepp are masters of the liar-tale tradition -- not just the telling but in the creation of dumbfounding , incredible , stupendous , mindboggling , and absolutely delightful tales .
 `` A Man spends many sleepless nights on the riverbank trying to understand women and many sleepless nights in bed trying to understand carp . `` The mighty Thor had Mjolner , King Arthur had Excalibur , and Wyatt Earp had his Buntline Special . Natural born storyteller Paul Lepp has the Monster Stick . The Monster Stick , a remarkable fishing pole of mythical proportions , is Paul 's nine-foot , surf-casting rod full of six miles of brand new , 50-pound test Stren Carp cord with 20 pound , custom made , stainless steel , slip-sliding sinkers . The Monster Stick , born of magic , baptized in the rivers of West Virginia , and able snag DC-10 's or lunker-sized catfish.Meet Paul and Bil Lepp , natural born storytellers and two repeat winners of the West Virginia State Liars ' Contest . There 's Bil 's dog , Buck , a thirty-seven inch irony , whose mother was a German Sheppard , and whose father was a prolific and extremely determined Basset hound . Buck can pull you through a knothole , and hold his own against a monster truck , but is a gun-shy hunting dog who ca n't track a bunny rabbit in a shoebox . Between the Monster Stick , and Buck , you get an original bunch of hilarious short stories and tall tales that you 'll want to share with everyone from your poker buddies to your preacher.The West Virginia State Liars ' Contest is held every year on Memorial Day weekend . The contest is only open to West Virginia residents . The `` lies '' should be short stories -LRB- humorous , dramatic , supernatural , etc. -RRB- with a maximum length of 3 to 5 minutes . The winner receives a golden shovel . You can imagine why . Paul Lepp won six `` Biggest Liar '' titles before his death in 1998 , and his brother Bil Lepp has taken first place five times since he first entered in 1990 , proving that lightning - or at least lying - does sometimes strike twice.Bil Lep , a former Methodist preacher , has published a collection of stories with his brother called The Monster Stick & Other Appalachian Tall Tales . Generally , the fishing stories are Paul 's and the dog tales Bil 's . These twenty three tales have lots to offer on women and carp , more than a little on dogs , trains and cars , a considerable amount on hunting , and more politics than shows on the surface . There 's plenty to keep a thinking man laughing and awake at night.In his follow-up , Inept
 If you like tall tales and humor , you 'll like this book . Stories range from the wonderous fishing exploits of the `` Monster Stick '' to the Herculean feats of Buck The Wonder Dog . I especially liked the story about how wild turkeys learned to disappear from the hunters . Another favorite is a tall tale of how the author won $ 1000 in the lottery , only to lose it to a Wildlife Officer in fines . I hope the author will write many more !
 All of Mr Lepp 's stories speak to me on a primal , fundamental level , in a place that brings me back to my life as a child ... . shyeeha right ! Honestly folks , Bil is one of the best guys i have ever met , and his stories have had me rolling with laughter more than once . He and his wife Paula and both salt of the earth , good people , and their belief in God , and the fundamental goodness of Mankind are reasons enough to own this book ! Someday , you 'll be glad you did !
 Frances Hodgson Burnett was a celebrity and author of many runaway best-sellers from the 1870s to the 1920s and beyond . Now mostly remembered for her children 's books , she had great fame for her romances and plays as well . This English-born author moved to the US as a child and became a true-life American rags-to-riches story . It is extremely interesting to learn how she was carried away by the resulting fame and fortune and what choices she made.I have always loved Frances Hodgson Burnett 's books and am delighted that such a detailed biography is now available . I have read the previous accounts of her life but this book is especially well-written and contains plenty of new material . Highly recommended .
 While during her life time -LRB- 1849-1924 -RRB- , Frances Hodgson Burnett was best known for her many adult novels and plays , today it is for her children 's books that she is remembered , especially for her masterpiece which has become a true classic and has never been out of print -- The Secret Garden . Frances Hodgson Burnett
 Frances Hodgson BurnettI love The Secret Garden , and that 's the real reason for my getting and reading this book . But I have to agree -LRB- especially as a former editor -RRB- that the editing appears , at times , to be nonexistent . There were times when I simply shook my head because I was puzzled by such things as confusing pronoun referents . Still , I would recommend it to other lovers of Burnett 's work , her life is that interesting .
 Sender made the transaction very smooth and pleasant . Delivery was on time as expected . The book , itself , was rather intriguing and very well written in details .
 I loved this book . Whenever I read L. J.smiths work it seems as if I have been transported into where the charactors are and I know what they are thinking and how they feel . L.J.Smith always thinks of the greatest guys and I would n't mind having one as a soulmate . Hopefully Strange fate will be as great as her past work I know I am going to buy it ! If anyone of you would like to chat about her work or anything else feel free to e-mail me at Bincksy7@aol.com thank you : -RRB-
 I really liked this book ... it is one of my favorite nightworld books . I think that it was sad that Thea had to leave her family and live with Eric and his mom but I do n't think they had much choice . . anyway it 's great ! And I enjoyed reading it as much as I enjoyed reading the rest of the Nightworld series . . by the way I think that L J Smith is the best !!! Anyway got ta go !!
 This is one of the many LJ Smith books I read and eventhough it is not the best , it was certainly very interesting ... LJ Smith 's books are very original and that 's the main reason why I like reading them ... I prefer all her other books about vampires though . . since I 'm a vampire freak . . but I would encourage anyone to read this book ... It 's simply great !
 I really like this book -LRB- but hey , I like all of LJ Smith 's books except `` Dark Angel '' -RRB- . I really liked this book , but I do n't think it was quite as intersting as the other books . I guess the witches are my least favorite group of people in the Night World . They 're just not as intesting as the shapeshifters and vampires . But again , this was a really good book . I know Thea is the one we were supposed to like , -LRB- and I did -RRB- , but there was something about Blaise that really drew me in . It was a great book , by a great author . L.J. Smith triumphs again !
 This is one of the best books ie read ! I love Blaise and Thea and that they are witches this is one of the only book on witches . Blaise is great and you can see she really cares for her cousin esp . at the end of the book .
 I 'm glad that L. J. Smith finally put a witch book in her series . I love vampires but it would n't really be good if that 's all she wrote about in the Night World series . Now she needs to put in a shapeshifter novel and she 'll be on a roll . The only thing I do n't get about the book is why Thea got expelled with Blaise when she did n't do anything . I hope she became a famous vet .
 This book was wonderful ! Thea should have realized how dumb it was to try to make Eric get together with someone else , though . Eric is so innocent . Just like the Crone says , Thea and Blaise are just like Hellewise and Maya -LRB- This is obvious if you read Soulmate -RRB- . Another terrific LJS novel . ~ Ondine
 I mean , the people before me has said it all . Blaise was wicked ... and I love it , Thea was kind and gentle while trying to save Eric 's life she found her SOULMATE !!! But at the end , Blaise ... well she helped them at the end anyway , so to the peeple that have not read it , I only have one thing to say , READ IT !!!!
 Spellbinder was the 1st Night World book I have ever read.I recomended this book to ALL my friends , and I recomend it to you also . L.J. Smith is a very talented writer and I plan to read ALL of her books to come .
 Ca n't believe I have never reviewed this book before . First read this back when I was 13 . Like a lot of girls wanting the mysterious boyfriend and believed in soul-mates which drug me into these books . Rereading it over time years later still stands the test of time for me . Thea and Blasie do n't mess with these two girls . This was probably my fav at the time -LRB- hey it was only book three -RRB- and at the time I was reading these I think each new book was my fav . Blasie tortured those poor boys but I think found redemption in the end .
 I was very satisfied with this book . LJ Smith has yet to disappoint me and I have most of her books . I read this one in one day .
 Night World # 3
 This is one of my favorites in the Night World series by LJ Smith . I have a thing for witches , and all the information about actual spells , spell ingredients , circle casting , and witch history was simply fascinating . Thea is a great character , and her relationship with her soulmate Eric is endearing , but the real standout star in this book is Blaise.Blaise seems like your typical wicked witch , but despite her disdain for humans -LRB- that 's how she was raised so you ca n't really blame her -RRB- , she 's supremely loyal to her family . What she does in the end for Thea almost made me cry.What I love about LJ Smith 's books is that the main themes go much deeper than just supernatural characters ; her books explore and highlight the importance of relationships , love and loyalty . Spellbinder is one book I know I 'll be reading over and over again for the rest of my life .
 I always have a bit of trepidation approaching paranormal novels not vampire or were - based . They 're often a bit inaccessible to me , especially those based on witches , loaded down with spells and difficult-to-follow lore.But as with the others of Smith 's `` Night World '' I have read thus far , `` Spellbinder '' is much easier to approach than the norm , written for young inductees into the paranormal phenomenon.Good witch Thea and dubious cousin witch Blaise are alike and yet quite dissimilar -- Blaise is a virtual goddess of love , while Thea 's lie more in the arts of caring for animals . The two have few disagreements in contrary to what one might expect , though they share the mantle of Blaise 's ongoing penchant for trouble.Upon arrival at their new school and last chance , Thea 's skills with animals are instantly tested , and resultingly she finds herself drawn to human boy Eric , a veterinarian to be -LRB- and one of the most compelling `` Night World '' heroes -RRB- . Things would be hectic enough with Blaise 's attempts to claim Eric for herself , but soon even Thea is working forbidden magics of her own , and eventually the full burden of responsibility for their actions comes to bear down on the witch-pair . While I very much -LRB- and surprisingly ! -RRB- enjoyed this book , there are a few flaws . I found myself questioning a few subplots -- most notably Blaise 's former pet and his appearance at the school seemed a bit embryonic and not thoroughly explained , and the book 's resolutiooon , while surprising and fulfilling , still leaves one wondering if justice really has been served.All in all , fun , with good characters .7.8 / 10
 This book was incredibly good , and hard to find as well ! I finally found it cheap at half.com . But no matter what , just try to get your hands on it because if you enjoy a good story of magic , witchcraft , and heart-wrenching love , this is the Night World book for you . I especially love L.J. Smith 's `` soulmate '' theory , that each person is destined to be with one person only during their lifetime in the entire world . Another great Night World book was Witchlight . I highly recommend all of L.J. Smith 's books !
 This is the first book I ever read by L.J. Smith , and it is so awesome . I almost never read these teen horror novels anymore , but Smith is an author I enjoy . I have no idea how many times I read this book . Thea is such a great character . She started to seduce Eric to save him from Blaise , but ends up falling for him . It 's cool to see her break one of the few rules of the Night World for her love . Well , actually she breaks them both , but never mind . If you like books with a romantic/witchy theme , read this and while you 're at it , read the Secret Circle trilogy . Those are some of the best books I ever read !
 This was the first Night World book I red and it got me hooked . You just ca n't put it down . Blaise 's black magic and thea 's white gives the story it 's suspense and character . It 's the best book I have ever red .
 Spellbinder was the first book I read by Lisa Smith . It made me read all of the Night World series not to mention buy all her others !! I like reading books about withcraft and if you do you will love this book . It was great !! So read it !!
 this was a creative book im glad how it ended i thought blaise was glad to be rid of her sister but in the end she came through
 This is the best witch book I 've ever read . And the romance between Eric and Thea ... Wow ! It 's jam packed with romance and drama , and the best part is when Thea and Eric are trying to send back the dead witch that is killing humans .
 I liked this book a lot . It was well put together and well thought out . But I think it is the porest night world book so far . It seems to me that Smith puts more work into vampire books than she puts into her witch books . There are fewer witch books than Vampire books , and I think there should be the same amount of both . I also think she should make more books with both Vampires AND Witches .
 ***** + ***** Spellbinder , combines the basic fight between good and evil as well as a great novel about witchcraft , a definite must read for her fans , if you enjoyed this book you should read her series The Secret Circle .
 WHat can I say ? It 's L.J. Smith
 I just wanted 2 say that I 'm a real bookworm and I loved this book ! I also want 2 thank L.J.Smith for putting in the book actual spells . -LRB- I 'm a witch . -RRB- I 've been looking for some of those like , forever
 This book is one of the greatest of the nightworld series . This book is about gentle , nature loving Thea and her wild beautiful cousin , Blaise.Thea falls in love with a human but since the rules of the nightworld state that she ca n't love a human Thea finds herself in a situation that could turn deadly ... Blaise willing to do anything for her cousin tries to lure Eric into her trap and get him away from Thea for good!This has to be my favorite of the series . It was interesting to see the nightworld from the witches point of view and Thea and Blaise are great characters . Especially Blaise , she 's no airhead beauty but like her name a bright blaze of passion , intelligence , and loyalty .
 Unlike the first two books in the series Spellbinder switches it 's romantic connections to witches insted of vampires . Blaise uses human men as toys till they go crazy , and when she sets her eyes on Eric , Thea 's soulmate Thea will do anything to protect him , even if it means breaking the laws of the Night World . A great addition to the series that will have you excited to read more . Though it 's a step down from Daughters of Darkness it stands well on it 's own .
 The plot was okay , the characters were great , and the conclusion interesting . But it was not as good as other Night World Books . But still worth getting .
 With the reappearance of two characters in Secret Vampire , L.J. Smith has launched into her first book centred around witches . I enjoyed this book and if you 're an animal lover , you 'll probably find a few scenes regarding them but it 's not quite as good as her first two books in the series.Thea and Blaise are two cousins who have been expelled from five high schools because of Blaise 's exploits . Unable to control her , Thea can only watch as Blaise toys with human boys and commands them to do her bidding.At their new school , things seem no different with Blaise setting her sights on Eric , a boy Thea is strangely attracted to . Amused by his refusal of Blaise , amusement soon turns to anxiety as Thea realises that her cousin is determined to make Eric desire her.Breaking the rule of never loving a human , Thea puts both her and Eric 's life on the line as she tries to ward Blaise off.The two main characters -LRB- Blaise and Thea -RRB- are very well written and I could visualise them quite easily . They are both strong women and Blaise is not the complete ... that she seems to be . Nor is Thea the obedient , good girl she seems to be.Eric - and most human males in the series I must admit - is a bit of a weak character . When you really think about it , it 's not that surprising . How can a weak human male compare to a cool , ruthless , strong vampire guy ? He 's not written in as much detail but you do get the general idea.There is a very good twist at the end and if you read carefully , you wo n't really guess it but you 'll pick up small clues . Quite a bit of suspense and I liked the extra touch with the spirit .
 This book is sooooooo good , i have read most of the books in the Night World series , but so far this is my fav . i love the way she describes the witchcraft and makes u feel part of the powerful magic that takes place . If you like witchcraft and a mysterious book , do as my title tells you too !!!!! Cos ' you do n't wan na miss the book of the century !
 As a Pagan Witch , I found this book both entertaining and fascinating . It is a work of fiction and that shows strongly in the plot with devices such as the bad witch vs. good witch theme and a total disregard for human life . I include this as a warning to other Pagans who may be offended by these themes.Despite the facts above , L.J. Smith actually did her research ! If you are Wiccan , you will get a kick out this book if you can ignore the innacuracies of the plot line . You 'll find the Rede , mentions of herbs and their associations , a fairly accurate portrayal of the Burning Times and a few mentions of circle casting and spellwork . You 'll also find a running theme of Maiden/Mother/Crone . For those Pagans or Witches who are not Wiccan -LRB- like me -RRB- , you might enjoy the overall message/s of the book as well as the fairly accurate Pagan elements.Of course , the first thing that impressed me were the strong female Witch characters . The second was the actual accuracies in the book . Oh yes , and there were male Witches . Pagan fiction is n't exactly readily available , so I 'll take what I can get in that department . The plotline is VERY innacurate -LRB- includes vampires , a `` world '' of Witches and a hatred of humans -RRB- , so be prepared for this.Onto the entertainment value of the book . I devour books . I picked this one up for a quick `` fluffy '' read . I was pleasantly surprised to find that it was really quite good . Her writing will take you into another world and if you love reading , you will likely devour this book in one sitting . The writing is fantastic . Most of the characters are well written and the book flows very well . Very entertaining and satisfying.I have to rate this book with 5 stars as a result of incredible energy rush I received after reading it.Off to ground myself , Enchantress B. RM .
 I love L.J. Smith 's books and this I have to say was one of the best . It was a night world book which is sometimes very far fetched but this one had a surprisingly realistic feel to it , if you understand what I mean . It was a great book . I 've read it twice already . So , if you have any interest in L.J. Smith , make sure to read this book . It 's one of her best , after the Secret Circle and Dark Visions triliogies .
 This book like all of L.J.Smith 's other books is absolutely divine ! I luved it . Blaise was a perfect witch in my opinion . The only thing that disturbed me was the awful torture chamber for Halloween in the Gym . How can people actually laugh about that -LRB- I 've met people who think it 's funny -RRB- ?
 Hey , it 's not called Spellbinder here in England , but it is still the best book I have ever read ! I thought that Thea was just soooooo groovesome and as for Blaise , well anyone who has read this book will probably know what I mean ! I just loved the way they told you specific spells and stuff and I also thought that it was cool how Thea could get into the minds of animals . To anyone who has n't read this book - Are you crazy or something !!!! I would say that this is definately the best Night World book because it is so different from all of the other ones.If you are interested in the Night World please e-mail me.Mary
 This book definitely rates in my top five of L. J. Smith books -LRB- of course , I have n't yet read a book by her that was n't really good and that I would n't want to read again and again -RRB- . I really liked how Eric Ross and Thea Harman just * had * to be together , through spells and high water.The way that Blaise and Thea were still incredibly good `` sisters '' that would never let themselves be parted by illegal spells or by bewitched boys was really nice . All in all this book was just really great , just enough romance and just enough adventure . Plus , if you 're an L. J. Smith fan , like me , please e-mail me . It 's always nice to find other people who enjoy her books as much as I do !! Most importantly , READ THIS BOOK!Sunny
 L.J. Smith is right about almost every witchy detail , from the Burning Times -LRB- which is waht witches do call it -RRB- , to the Circles , to Hecate , the first witch . l.j. smith has to be the qoolest Young Adult writer , it would be a sin to compare her work to that predictable ` Goosebumps ' crap
 I am a British fan of all the Night World series , but particularily enjoy this one as Thea is a really rounded character who does n't really want to do wrong , but must protect Eric . It 's called Enchantress here , but i think Spellbinder is a better name ! Enjoy the whole series , they are a magnificent achievement , and i would reccommend them to everyone !
 This was actually the 3nd of the Night Worlds I had ever read but I have a different cover and it says Enchantress why ???? This was a good book and I liked the spells and particularely Blaise 's necklace that was cool.I wonder if yemonja really exists and the other spices.It is true that most of LJSmith 's books are with witches and vampires and that we do n't know what shapeshifters shape into but I liked the spells anyway.Email me if ya wan na chat .
 While not the best Night World book , it 's certainly a good read . Thea and Eric were almost too goody-goody as main characters for my taste , but they were still fun to read about . I thought Blaise was one of the most interesting characters , with so many layers it 's hard to really figure her out . The author did a wonderful job creating characters you could care about .
 This book was one of my favorite . I actually loved Blaise , she was such a bad girl heheI even use her name as my SN !
 Pennant Race and its companion book , The Long Season , are the best baseball books ever written . I enjoyed Ball Four , written ten years after The Long Season , but it is a pale imitation . Brosnan 's style and perspective are unique ; his blend of candor and cynicism unmatched ; his writing subtleties are brilliant . I have read hundreds of baseball books , and these two , which I basically consider one volume , are unequaled .
 Although most of the players from the 1961 Cincinnati Reds are forgotten now -LRB- exception
 In his second player diary , pitcher Jim Brosnan describes his day-to-day participation as a member of the pennant-winning 1961 Cincinnati Reds . Brosnan writes with the same wit and amused irreverence he used two years earlier in his superb initial diary , THE LONG SEASON . Here we get an insider 's view of star teammates like Frank Robinson -LRB- that year 's MVP -RRB- , Vada Pinson , Jim Maloney , manager Fred Hutchinson , etc. . Readers will enjoy hearing about now-forgotten players in long-gone ballparks like Crosley Field , Shibe Park , Forbes Field , etc. . We also get the tension and thrill of a pennant race . Unfortunately , the author omits spring training , and he ends the diary on the last day of the regular season , before the Reds played the Yankees in that year 's World Series - thus I gave the book just four stars instead of five.Brosnan was a college-educated player who gained recognition -LRB- and notoriety -RRB- for his writing . PENNANT RACE is as readable and charming as its predecessor , and once again landed Brosnan in some hot water with baseball 's establishment .
 Pennant Race by Jim Brosnan is the second of his baseball diary memiors thistime gently drawing back the curtain of privacy on the 1961 Cincinnati Reds National League Championship team.In what was the last of the 154 game schedule , eight team National League season , this was a historic and gruelling pennant race for the participants who had no idea what lay in store for Major League Baseball in the seasons ahead . Although if the NLers had paid attention to what was going on in the American League in 1961 they would have had a pretty good clue.That year in the AL , like most years then , the Yankees steamrolled their way to yet another AL Championship but this time with a historic home run race between Mantle and Maris as well as prodigious hitting by many of the other junior circuit clubs . But in 1961 the Al expanded to ten teams which meantat least two pitching staffs that were just a little below big league skilllevels . Which certainly must have helped all those sluggers hit those dingers.Meanwhile , back in the old fashioned NL , the Reds defeated last years World Champion Pittsburgh Pirates for the NL pennant and a shot at the powerful Yankees in the World Series . You can read all about it in Brosnan 's 1961diary except for the World Series which was not included in in Pennant Race possibly because Mr.Brosnan wanted to end the book on a triumphant note . BTW , the Yankees won four out of five games against the Reds in the 1961 World Series.Pennant Race is perhaps the most entertaining sports book that I have ever read , there are several laugh out loud sections and it is extrememly interesting to hear Brosanan 's on field contemporaries ' reactions to his first book , The Long Season . Pennant Race , despite the fact that the 1961 World Series is not covered , is without a doubt one of the finest , pioneering sports books of our time .
 Jim Brosnan 's second book is also a diary , this one on his 1961 season spent with the eventual National League champion Cincinnati Reds . Brosnan 's wit , cynicism , and wry observations on the game of baseball make this an entertaining read . He enjoys interacting with his teammates -LRB- most of the time -RRB- and one conversation in particular involving Brosnan getting on a teammate for his grammar is priceless . It would have been nice had Brosnan included his spring training experience and the Reds ' involvement in the World Series that year . Despite lacking those two elements , `` Pennant Race '' is an easy recommendation . It 's not as good as `` The Long Season '' , but it 's still a very good read .
 This is a very entertaining book that will appeal to all baseball and/or Cincinnati Reds fans . It 's a day to day diary of events in Cincinnati 's 1961 pennant winning season prepared by relief pitcher Jim Brosnan . It 's easy to read , and you 'll enjoy Brosnan 's humor . Additionally , it gives great insight into the personalities of the star and every day players of the time .
 This is a great book that will give you insight on what major league baseball was really like in the late 50 's
 This is an excellent author . The story line and the narative are very good . The plot flows nicely and has an exciting ending .
 Wendie Keith and Teague Blackwell had met on the set of the oldtelevision series , THE LOST ROMANCE RANCH , and fell in love ... . As the couple drive on Route 66 , they must learn to trust in each other and God.This type of romance will appeal to everyone , even readers who do n't normally read `` inspirational '' fiction . God and religion are a part of Teague and Wendie 's lives , there is no heavy handed preaching . The Blackwells are normal people with common problems , not saints . This is the first Annie Jones book I have read , but it wo n't be the last .
 Great fun , good message and just enough about Route 66 to make one nostalgic for the glory days of tacky specialty stores and tourist sites . The romance was snappy and sharp not sappy and sweet . I loved the characters and the feel good ending that tied all three of the books in the series together . This book and the others in Jones 's Route 66 comedy series are perfect summer reads - great for the arm chair travaler and the beachside dreamer .
 The maps are better than what most Indians have ever seen in their lives , which is exactly why travellers do n't need it . If you are taking public transport around the country , you get plenty of information about how to go where from LP India or from information at train stations , bus stations and other travellers . It simply is n't worth the excess weight -LRB- in a rucksack -RRB- . If on the other hand you are cycling or have your own motorized vehicle , this would be irreplacable -LRB- so be careful who you show it to -RRB- .
 While working on an on-going university research project I have spent five years driving the back roads of India . This book has saved my sanity as well as my tires and axles . It is by far and away the most helpful road atlas available .
 If you know where you want to go then I would agree with the above reviewer - a guidebook will tell you about nearby sites and how to get there and for that you can get by without an atlas . But for those who want to explore a particular region - how else are you going to plot an itinerary ? This atlas is fully indexed by place , and also by beaches , capes & headlands , caves , forts , islands , mountians & passes , rivers , lakes , & bays , ruins and temples . And no matter how good a guidebook - only an atlas like this will assure you that you have n't missed anything of interest whereever you happen to be.Map Scale is 4cm = 50K -LRB- 1.5 '' = 31 miles -RRB- For security reasons -LRB- I 'm told -RRB- quality maps are not easy to find in India - and rarely for sale .
 I walk and hitch through a lot of rural and urban India . Without this map I would be lost and unable to explore places of potential interest . I do not bring the guide book . If you do not have an interest in really getting off the beaten track then you will unlikley need this book .
 I received this neat little book as a gift many years ago and have used it regularly since then . The first thing that piqued my interest was the way the author is cited `` Wally Armbruster - Manufacturer '' ... and then his definition of a noodle
 Despite its age , The Rise of the Great Powers remains one of the best overviews of eighteenth-century European diplomatic history . Detailed enough for students , yet simple enough for those with no prior knowledge of the period , it charts the development of the European ` balance of power ' from the end of the Thirty Years ' War to the beginning of the Pax Britainica . The depth of McKay and Scott 's uderstanding of such a complex subject is awesome , and they combine to produce a thoroughly enjoyable and informative book .
 I have several titles in this series -- they 're great ! The recipes are easy to make and clearly set out , and there is always an introductory chapter on the herb or spice covered by the book . There are several other titles in this series
 The book discusses the role that knowledge-based experts , otherwise known as `` epistemic communities '' , play in international policy coordination . They argue that `` control over knowledge and information is an important dimension of power and that the diffusion of new ideas and information can lead to new patterns of behavior and prove to be an important determinant of international policy coordination . '' The first chapter defines what epistemic communities are , how they can be distinguished from other interest groups and the role that they play in helping to identify state interests and formulate policy . In the following chapters , the concept is applied to a diverse range of policy areas to illustrate how the communities affected international coordination . Trade in services , nuclear arms control , whaling , ozone negotiations , food aid , international financial standards , and the American post-war settlement are the policy areas covered . The book is an excellent academic resource if you are interested in epistemic communities , or alternative analysis for international policy coordination , or even if you are just interested in the particular case studies presented . Each case study is a meticulous presentation of historical developments and analysis for the particular policy area . They provide a wealth of information that is extremely useful for understanding the particular policy area , even if you are not particularly interested in the concept of epistemic communities.A word of warning though , if you are not a political scientist or an international relations theorist , this book can be extremely heavy going in parts . Technical jargon abounds , particularly in the first and last chapters . As an example , `` the contributers ... shake orthodoxy by challenging Kantian ontology , correspondence theories of truth and related positivistic claims '' -LRB- in the preface -RRB- ; and `` epistomologically , the world and our representation of it are not isomorphic . '' Fortunately , the case studies are much more understandable and keep away from the jargon .
 Of all the writers you were forced to read in High School , Poe may be the most contemporary . After all , where would today 's Alternative Goth culture be without the influence of Poe.In this volume , fans of the strange genius are given a rare treat . Editor Philip Van Doren Stern has collected not only the all-time greats -LRB- e.g. `` The Tell-Tale Heart '' `` The Pit and the Pendulum '' `` The Raven '' etc. -RRB- , but also some eccentric choices like `` The Man of the Crowd '' . In addition , the book gives several non-fiction articles and literary reviews written by Poe showing that he was not without a practical side.But perhaps the most fascinating thing is a section of letters Poe wrote , to among other people , his stepfather , his wife , his mother-in-law , and various members of the literary community . These paint a colorful picture of his often desperate existence . After reading these letters , you may think Poe tragic , pathetic , pretentious or maybe even egotistical , but you wll never think of him in quite the same way you previously did.Read this book for a fresh look at one of American literature 's greatest geniuses .
 Unless you 're a collector or completist , this volume compiles all the Poe you could possibly ask for . All the classic stories are here , and you can clearly see how Poe broke new ground and influenced all creative fiction that came after him . While most people are wary of `` classics '' that everybody talks about , but nobody seems to really like , Poe 's classics will give you a true appreciation for his genius . You will truly be enthralled by such well-known tales like `` The Pit and the Pendulum '' , `` The Tell-Tale Heart '' , `` The Murders in the Rue Morgue '' -LRB- in which Poe invents the detective story -RRB- , and especially the immortal `` The Raven '' . The editor has included many of the surviving letters that Poe wrote to the various women he unsuccessfully tried to court , and especially to his cruel stepfather , which provide great insight into Poe 's inner demons . If you ever wonder why most of Poe 's stories are based on death and/or madness , these letters will show you why . The only problem with this particular book is that it is a little too exhaustive , and includes many items that are more of historical interest than they are readable . This is true of most of the entries in the Articles , Criticism , and Opinions sections of the book .
 This volume contains Poe 's most important works . The books starts out with his letters , which are of historical interest and also contain some fine philosophizing . The stories , of which many are included , are grouped sensibly by genre or subject . What can I say of them ? They are superb , the meat of his works , and all fascinating , whether lunatic -LRB- The Cask of Amontillado , for example -RRB- or coolly ratiocinative -LRB- the Dupin stories -RRB- . Poe 's mastery and manipulation of the human psyche is really extraordinary , and the quality of the prose , I need scarcely mention , is extremely high . His works are classics for a very good reason.This book concludes with essays , articles , and poems . ` The Raven ' , of course , is most famous , but most of the other pieces are quite interesting . In particular , Poe 's ability for expressing extremely abstract concepts and chains of reasoning , in his essays , is enviable . I finished this anthology awed , with that peculiar feeling , like that of static electricity , of having touched a man of genius -- a bit mad , yes , but a genius indeed .
 This volume contains the essential Poe , the stories and poems for which he is most well - known.Like all American schoolchildren I had to read Poe when I was quite young . And I remember how his tales did not provide the kind of pleasure and insight I had found in other literature . `` The Gold Bug '' confounded me , and `` The Tell - Tale Heart '' frightened me , and the truth is even in adult years I have never taken much delight in the reading of the fictions of Poe.The horror of real life has always seemed to me more than enough , and I have never particularly enjoyed the mood and tone of Poe 's fictions.I must admit too that Poe always seemed to me even when reading him as a child , ` extremely weird ' to use a children 's word . And ' weird ' not simply with the connotation of ' strange ' but of ` frighteningly so ' . In any case there is a Poe that I have treasured . It might not be in the whole of the poem , but in the rhythmn of ` Nevermore ' there did strike a kind of fascinating note . And there are in the poetry of Poe great lines , ` the beauty that was Greece , the glory that was Rome ' . And a sadness and a feeling of tragedy in some of the love - poetry.Poe is of course much else to most other readers than to me , and the lovers of mystery stories , and detectives , of fictional conundrums tending toward horror , and of strange obsessions with beauty that dies young , will find more than they ask for in this anthology .
 The Portable Poe is worth buying simply because it contains a selection of Poe 's letters . This latest edition fills in the some holes left by omissions in the previous version , by including such stories as The Imp of the Perverse , The Oblong Box , The System of Tarr and Fether , and Some Words with a Mummy ; these stories for me anyway make it more comprehensive . Of course for a Poe fan I am sure some beloved stories are not included , but one can read this volume and have a pretty comprehensive view of Poe . On a minor note , I personally preferred the arrangement of the previous edition in terms of putting the letters first as opposed to last . Why this is ? I can not really say . The expansion of the Observations section is nice as well . Overall if you own a previous edition , no real need to buy this newest one , if you do n't own the older one , get this one .
 if you want an overview of the work of poe this is the book !!! it has a comprehensive selection of his work and also criticism . a good way to get started knowing this strange , enigmatic writer . good price too .
 I 've read about a dozen pieces so far for a gut-gripping course I 'm enjoying . My favorite tale of enjoyable shivers -LRB- frisson ? -RRB- was when I finished The Black Cat at midnight and then turned to the light by my bed and thought , you mean I have to turn it out after finishing that story ?!? I may be in my 50s but that packed a wallop.He 's as good or better than you may remember.The two detective stories I 've read a pretty good but a bit long and labored . And I just started the critical articles with The Short Story -LRB- appropriately three pages long -RRB- and it was very good . He made his interesting point about as succinctly as could be done.The biographical intro is interesting because the editor -LRB- and my teacher -RRB- are convinced that he was n't the complete , miserable wretch that his literary executor made him out to be . He appeared to have trouble with shooting himself in his perverse foot , though . And , in my opinion , he could be a bit of a drama queen in his letters but a ghastly wretch ? Well , maybe he was n't as far gone as was supposed for a long time . -LRB- And that apparently is a story in itself . -RRB- He 's still another `` do n't miss '' author that I 've rediscovered.Thank you , Mr. Poe ... sleeplessness , notwithstanding .
 Thank you for making this resource available . It will help fill the requirement for a class my daughter is taking .
 Just a collection of Poe 's short stories . I like the book , and definitely would recommend it to anyone interested in reading his works . Penguin Classics are usually fine books , and not too costly .
 All I can say is that this is a nice nearly complete compilation of his work . A must read in my educated opinion .
 I bought this book as a Christmas gift for my 10 year old grandaughter . She was over joyed with it .
 Eyewitness books are wonderful with all the pictures and detailed descriptions of bugs . My 7 year old loves these books even though he can not read them on his own . They have all sorts of neat -LRB- or if you are not a bug fan like me gross facts -RRB- facts that help your little one learn ,
 Great book for an overall look at insects . Does n't go into great depth on any one topic or insect , but provides a great cross section of information . Purchased this for my son and will admit that as usual , the DK illustrations caught my eye and I ended up reading the book too . This is a great series of books for kids that really captures their attention .
 Well-made book . Informative with excellent photography . The overall layout is quite conducive to interrupted reading - easy to pick up and start anywhere .
 The entire collection is fantastic -LRB- not only this book , but any within the collection -RRB- . I gave 5 books to my boys for Christmas and keep getting more until I finish the collection . DK books are particularly good for kids because of the ridiculous number of drawings , graphics , and photographs . Worth every penny .
 This book is a comprehensive look at insects , with incredible photographs and short sections of text . Amazing double-page on dragonflies that shows one maturing . Outstanding book for children of any age . DK Eyewitness books do not disappoint .
 Just perfect for the budding entomologist , lots of really interesting facts that the whole family has enjoyed . Highly Recommended .
 I 'm a teacher and I find the Eyewitness books highly educational . I like the way the concepts are presented in a form without backgrounds . This gives clear facts to the reader without over taxing the attention span . The books are highly informative , presenting difficult concepts in comprehendable chunks that stimulate interest . I have almost the whole collection for my own children and they LOVE them !
 My son was covering `` bugs '' in preschool , so I picked up this book . Knowing it was going to be really for older kids , I wasnt sure he was going to like it . These books are so well designed however that for 2 weeks now , he requests the `` bug '' book every night before bed . The only problem is that the pictures are so detailed and zoomed in that some of the images gives my wife and I the heebeegeevees.The other great thing , is that this book will be a great book from him to grow into.We are picking up more !
 Both my children , 5 and 2 love this book and all the others that we have purchased in this series . The pictures are fantastic and the text informative . Depending on which child I read to , I either just point at the picture and tell them what it is or read them some of the text . My older child is fascinated at even the most detailed information ... not that many kids that age know how to say and describe metamorphosis -LRB- in fact I could n't remember the word now and I ran to ask my son what it was ! -RRB- but mine does . Later , when they can read , I know that they are going to love going to even more detail by reading the books themselves . And when my children ask me questions , then these books are great to look up answers you do n't know . These books are excellent !
 Most Eyewitness Books begin with a definition or perspective on the subject of the specific book . This one , an introduction to insects , begins with a discussion of `` The parts of an insect . '' The discussion -LRB- Pages 6-7 -RRB- proceeds from wing to internal anatomy to thorax to antennae , with all manner of tidbits in between . This reminds me of why I 'm not dons of insects!The next subject is the distinction between `` What is an insect ? '' and `` These are not insects . '' The answer to the former question begins with a simple statement that -LRB- Page 8 -RRB- `` Insects are the most successful creatures in the whole of the animal kingdom . '' Kind of puts us mammals in our place ... . Insects are defined as arthropods -LRB- having `` a hard , protective exoskeleton '' -RRB- with six legs . Most , too , have wings . How many insects are there ? Maybe more than 1,000,000 -LRB- million -RRB- species are already known . Not insects ? Scorpions , prawns , tarantulas , centipedes , earthworms , and wood lice.Enough for introductions . What does the rest of this volume , again written for the 8-12 year old young reader , address ? There is discussion of the first insects -LRB- emerging 300,000,000 years ago -RRB- , an insect 's senses , feeding , and metamorphosis . There is also discussion of some of the main types of insects , such as butterflies and moths , beetles , flies , wasps and their kin , and so on.The book concludes with some perspective , including contributions that insects make.All in all , a very satisfying entry into the Eyewitness Books series . Young readers with any interest in insects will find this an attractive volume .
 This would be a great book for use in elementary school science classes . It has a wonderful layout , with many beautiful photographs -LRB- if insects can be called beautiful -RRB- . The text , mixed nicely with the pictures , covers basic information on insects as well as various interesting facts .
 This book is a bit too advanced for my 5 year old boy to read and understand right now . He might not be able to read the book but he LOVES all the pictures . I 'm happy that he got this . It 's a book that he will enjoy for years .
 I have an avid seven year old reader . With all the little captions and detailed drawing , etc - he has been reading and rereading this book and loving it .
 The book was a bit thinner than I thought . -LRB- Did n't read the dimensions -RRB- It contains lots of basic information on plants , with interesting bits scattered everywhere.The pictures are clean and beautiful.The book comes with a Clip-Art CD , but does n't even compare to actually looking inside the book . -LRB- Very low definition images . -RRB- It also comes with a nice folded-poster . Still , overall a very worthwhile buy . I also purchased the ` Plant ' book as well and it rates the same.Purchased for $ 11.85 , and got free 2-day shipping with my Amazon Student account.Great addition to our home library . 5 stars.I wrote the same review for the Plant book .
 A wonderful book , beautifully done , which never fails to fascinate children.For such a short book it 's surprisingly complete . Perhaps most importantly of all , it encourages children to look for further information , and directs them to good sources -LRB- including the bugs in their own backyards ! -RRB- . The inexpensive used copies that are available make this a do n't - miss .
 My grandson loves animals and all kinds of creatures . I had bought this for his birthday . . He loves it . Great detail
 If you teach Introduction to Philosophy using a historical approach , this is the text I recommend . I used `` The Philosophic Classics 2nd edition , From Plato to Nietzsche '' for my classes and was looking for a text with the same basic works with some more contemporary materials . I find the updated 3rd edition , `` From Plato to Derrida '' the perfect solution . Instead of having to look through more textbooks for the right stuff , this is it .
 Great study of major philosophies that have impacted our western culture . Very enjoyable and easy reading , yet stimulating and intellectual ... Loved the book !
 Another master piece for your books shelf . This work is more in depth and delves into snippets of the various authors ' works . We are assigned this book in a class for MTh . An excellent resource , a book shelf keeper .
 It Came to me pretty fast and was in good shape when I opened it . Very happy with it . Thanks
 There is a huge range of authors in this book , and it includes most of the main ideas from each original passage . It can be sort of hard to follow at times , however , as it leaves out giant parts of arguments , especially in The Republic . This really breaks down the flow of the piece and renders it much more confusing than the original book .
 Fr . Faherty has done it again ! `` The St. Louis German Catholics '' is another contribution to the documentary history of St. Louis . I have often heard Fr . Faherty say that he wrote this book as a sequel to `` The Irish In St. Louis '' -LRB- see my Amazon review -RRB- because of all the Irish who had married Germans . Being one of those Irish , I decided to give it a look . I was delighted!This book which can be appreciated in many ways . I read the surnames of friends and the histories of parishes with which I am familiar . From the pages of this book I developed an appreciation of the contributions of the St. Louis Germans to the religious , commercial and social life of St. Louis . Ever the historian , Fr . Faherty is not satisfied until he explains the developments in Germany which drove its citizens to St. Louis . A consistent explanation is that Bismarck 's anti-Catholic policies were a major factor in German immigration to St. Louis.For anyone with an interest in St. Louis , German immigration to America or Church history , `` The St. Louis German Catholics '' is a must .
 This is one of my favorite fishing books . I 'm reading it now for the third time . It 's about a lifestyle that would make most of us jealous . If you enjoy surf fishing , then this book is a must .
 Reading this book for the first time or the twentieth time , is like being on the beach with a vibrant bass in the suds . You can almost feel the brine burning the line cuts in your hands . An extremly well written book by one of the absolute masters of surf casting . A must read for anyone who wants to know what it was like in the original glory days of striped bass fishing . I am one of the fortunate ones to own a signed copy of this book .
 Okay , if you fish for stripers , this is a great book . If you have a family , this is a great book . If you remember the `` golden age '' of stripers , this is a great book . I do n't see any reason not to get it . Yes , okay , the editing could have been tighter , but this is one of the classics for a striped bass angler . Frank has a way of describing things where you feel like you 're there . Buy it , read it , enjoy it .
 Great look at the past of striped bass fishing on the Cape . Money , politics and fishing competition made this a great read for the avid bass angler . A time never to be visited again . The man became intergrated into the life cycle of the striped bass . As the seasons and years changed , so did the man , so did the politics , so waned the competition , so lost was the inner workings of his family . A time to remember and a time remember less .
 The Pony Rider Boys in Alaska ... by Frank Gee Patchin , another exciting story about the boy 's adventure in the Gold Country . They are off to Alaska on a Steamer when Tad becomes aware of some strange men . He inquires about their purpose and is told a strange tale that happens in the far past of a doctor by the name of Dawson captured by the Indians and his work saves the Indian Chief , he is rewarded by the Chief showing him a very rich place filled with gold , he escape with as much gold as he can carry , the ordeal leads to his early death . There are rude men on the boat and one of them is the grandson of the old doctor . Tad is almost thrown overboard by a red bearded man but is saved by the grandson , who is Mr. Dawson . They travel into the interior with the help of an Indian guide . They meet Mr. Dawson and his men and are told to leave the area . The boys find platinum instead of gold and shares it with Mr. Dawson and his friends , however Tad rush to the gold office to claim the mine instead of the villians that tried to claim the mine.A great book that is very exciting.SPR
 This book represents a landmark in semi-arid ecology and greatly improves our understanding of the important ecosystem processes that drive semi-arid systems . The book is concisely written and is well illustrated . Although the examples are primarily Australian , the principles apply elsewhere . There are good suggestions for rehabilitation of dysfunctional landscapes included . All in all , a good read .
 The 2004 college football season has come to an end with Pete Carroll 's University of Southern California Trojans having completed the most perfect season in collegiate football history . There have been many `` perfect '' teams ; that is , teams that went undefeated and untied en route to a consensus National Championship . USC itself has enjoyed their fair share of these kinds of wire-to-wire perfect seasons . But the stars have never been aligned for any team quite like the 2004 Trojans . First of all , they are the sixth team to be ranked number one in the nation from the pre-season polls through the bowl games . USC is the only team to do it twice . The 1972 Trojans , considered by many to be the greatest team of all time , accomplished the feat . But SC was also ranked number one from the end of the 2003 regular season through the bowls , and carried that right through 2004 without interruption.The 2004 Trojans also boast the Heisman Trophy winner , two-time junior All-American quarterback Matt Leinart . His teammate , All-American sophomore running back Reggie Bush , was a New York finalist for the award . USC won a repeat National Championship , a feat rarely done . They are in the middle of a 22-game winning streak . They beat Oklahoma in the Orange Bowl , a game that was previewed as the greatest game in college football history . The 1944-45 Army Cadets featured a similar winning streak and two Heisman winners , Doc Blanchard and Glenn Davis . There are other teams that compare , but nobody has done it quite the way Carroll 's team is doing it.A few came close . The 1983 Nebraska Cornhuskers featured an undefeated regular season that included winners of the Heisman and Outland Trophies . They lost to Miami in the Orange Bowl . The 2003 Oklahoma Sooners looked to be on a similar path , but their Heisman winner , Jason White , faltered in the Big 12 championship game as well as the Orange Bowl.In light of USC 's recent dominance , it is worth considering their place in history . Not just the current Trojans , but USC 's football program going back to the beginning of the 20th Century . It is time to take the mantel of `` greatest program in the history of college football '' away from the struggling Notre Dame Fighting Irish , and lay it squarely with the deserving new champions from USC . Furthermore , USC continues to lay claim to the greatest historical athletic program in college history , as well.The two-time defending National Champions are a dynasty . If Leinart returns for his senior year in 2005 , they will be better than they were this season . Leinart will be a senior , the Heisman favorite -LRB- as he was all of this year -RRB- , and a three-time All-American . He will walk away from his career with more honors than any player ever ; three National Championships -LRB- ? -RRB- , two Heismans -LRB- ? -RRB- , the Johnny Unitas Award , the Walter Camp Award , the Maxwell Trophy , the Davey O'Brien Award , et al. . He will probably be the number one pick in the NFL draft.The 2003-04 Trojans are very possibly the greatest two-year dynasty ever . If they win a third title in 2005 , that will be a first . They lose a couple of linebackers , but aside from Leinart , Bush will be a junior , running backs LenDale White and Herschel Dennis return , the whole offensive line returns , the tight ends and receivers are back , and the defense will be , for the most part , experienced . The 2005 Trojans have the potential to be the greatest single-season team ever assembled , better even than the 1972 Trojans . Soph-to-be Jeff Byers was the nation 's best lineman coming out of high school and could win the Outland Trophy before graduating . Soph-to-be linebacker Keith Rivers was the top prep at his position and may garner a Butkus trophy some day . If Leinart leaves for the NFL , USC will re-tool at quarterback with one of two blue chip recruits.In 2005 , John David Booty will be a red-shirt sophomore . He was the top prep quarterback in America at Louisiana 's Evangel Christian High School . His competition ? Mark Sanchez , the top prep quarterback in the U.S. at Mission Viejo High -LRB- the nation 's number two team -RRB- in Orange County , California in 2004 . USC has had the number one recruiting class in the country for three years in a row . Last year 's was considered the greatest of all time . The 2005 class , which will be finalized in February , promises to be just as good . The pipeline is endless . In light of the fact that they will enter next season ranked number one , favored to win their third National Championship in a row , they are worthy of continued hype . Consider that if Troy runs the table in ' 05 , their winning streak will probably be 35 . With either Booty or Sanchez living up to the challenge , maybe with senior running back Bush winning the Heisman and starring with a cast headlined by juniors Rivers and Byers , the 2006 Trojans could challenge Oklahoma 's 57-game winning streak of the 1950s . Now we are looking at four National Championships in a row , but wait , there is more . Booty could quarterback the team in 2006 and 2007 . Sanchez would be a red-shirt junior and senior in 2008-09 . Considering that the last two SC quarterbacks -LRB- Carson Palmer in 2002 and Leinart in ' 04 -RRB- won the Heisman , USC could conceivably come away with four more of the trophies before the end of this decade . The scenario could be :2005
 This is terrific stuff . Southern California is a college with the first or second greatest college football tradition of all times , and this book describes how , after a long layoff , Pete Carroll has returned the Trojans to these previous heights .
 I am using this journal for my week long visit to new york . There are 6 divided sections , all identical . each one starts w/a pocket to hold whatever you want -LRB- mine have neighborhood maps and brochures -RRB- and an `` itinerary '' page ; then 2 pages for museums , galleries and sights ; 2 pages for restaurants , bars and nightlife ; 2 pages for shops , stores and markets ; 5 blank journal pages ; 6 pages to attach photos or other memorabelia ; and one last blank journal page . All writing pages are lined , the themed pages offer blank space for writing as well as guided space for specific places you will visit , or have visited . There are lovely quotes and pictures sprinkled throughout the journal . I enjoyed attaching pictures that I printed or cut out of magazines that are relevant to my trip . The journal could be used for any combination of trips , I am using each section to represent different neighborhoods so that I can see as much as possible , in a somewhat organized manner . A friend is using hers to plan and commemorate her trip to France and Italy , and it is beautiful ! This journal is a great combination of organization , utility and beauty . I love showing it to people and looking through it myself ! While it 's probably more of a `` girl '' journal , it is not fru-fruey or delicate . It can be used in so many different ways , I love it and will buy it for friends as well .
 Each year that my husband and I visit a new place , we start a new travel journal . What drew me to this journal was that it not only had lined writing pages , but also 6 pockets , to hold brochures or other keepsake items , black sheets that could be used for photos , or most likely with us , postcards , since we seem to always come home with several , and photo mounts , which are also included . Each section has a pocket , 6 blank , lined writing pages and a page to write about restaurants , museums , shops/stores and then an opposite page to note the names and phone numbers of the places -LRB- and a place to note purchases on the shopping page -RRB- . The book also has a band that holds your place and has pictures and quotes throughout , making it a beautiful book , even before you start to write about your own adventures . I think one page for itinerary would have probably been enough , and a slighly smaller book would have been perfect , but these are small things . Overall I think this will be just the ticket for the next trip . A book that has space to keep all of your travel treasures in one organized spot .
 This is an excellent way of remembering your trip abroad . It enables you to capture your memorable moments and has plenty of space to keep all those lose bits of paper that are invaluable
 For so long the shelves of any given bookstore have been crammed with books claiming to be `` the book that every actor needs '' , but yet they read like a foreign language and do n't give the information an actor really needs for his or her big break . Ms. McGregor has broken through that barrier and released a book that spells out many of the details actors need to know about acting and the audition process . Intelligent and informative , the book is packed with everything an actor/actress could possibley need ! A must for anyone trying to break into the business .
 This book showed me that I dont have to live in LA or New York to get into acting . Also It gave me alot of helpful hints on all aspects in landing a role .
 After reading this book , I could n't stop shaking my head . I kept thinking to myself ... why did n't I have this book years ago ?? At first , I thought that there was n't anything this book could teach me ... I 'm already an actor . Boy , was I wrong . If only someone had written this years ago , I could saved myself a lot of wasted auditions .
 As an aspiring actor , I have taken many years of acting classes but always had a problem auditioning and nailing the part . Catrine McGregor 's book made so much sense that everything really clicked into place . She covers every detail of the acting business from auditioning to unions . So many other books I 've read contained facts but this book gives you clear , concise directions , examples , exercises , and the real inside scoop from an experienced casting director 's point of view . my co-actors use it as a reference guide , too . I highly recommend it !!
 A clear and concise guide to becomming a member of the acting community.A no bull map!A must for the neophyet actor caught in the maze of conflicting advise .
 Simon Winchester 's book on the remnants of the British Empire is a fine piece of reportage from a geologist turned journalist turned writer.Part travel book , part history , part reportage , it takes the reader on various fascinating journeys - sea , rail , air - to outposts ranging from fly specks such as Tristan Da Cunha and Pitcairn Island to teeming Hong Kong on the brink of the handover to the PRC and its new status as a special administrative region.Like all Winchester 's books it is well written , with a lovely light touch that makes the read a pleasure . Much recommended to those who enjoy the travel genre
 Ejoyable stories from the early 1980 's by an author who waxes a bit nostalgic for the British Empire . Well written with dry humor . A languid pace . Never dull .
 This is a lovely book which I came across incidentally while looking for another book . Mr. Simon , must I say , is a lucky man to have travelled so much and seen so much . And we are lucky to be allowed a peek into the workings -LRB- or no workings -RRB- of the British colonies . I was born and bred in Karachi and I can attest to the many goods and bads which were left by British empire . The railways remain their biggest contribution to Pakistan , as far as I can see . And they left those high handed bureaucrats , who were supposed to be good but have turned out badly . British gave us a certain system but they also destroyed and help eliminate many of the hand made products including hand made silk linen , which was the best in the world and was produced in Bengal region . To promote their own merchandise and machinery , British banned the making of this wonderful fabric , whose 7 yards could be packed within a cigarette packet.The most unfortunate legacy of British empire in Subcontinent -LRB- Pakistan , Bengal , India , Nepal , Sri Lanka , Burma -RRB- is the profusion of religious madrassahas -LRB- schools of Islamic law and jurisprudence -RRB- which created multiple religious thought processes including the violent ideology of Deobandi school . They were actively supported by British over-lords and we can see the results today
 The copy I have of this book was published in 1984 , so much of the political and other information is very out of date . However , as a travelogue with some very astute and perhaps controversial observations it is still a very enjoyable read . Winchester is a favorite author of mine , Krakatoa and A Crack In The Edge of the World being a couple of my favorites . In Outposts however Winchester relates his personal travels to the -LRB- at the time -RRB- remaining colonial outposts of the British Empire . He also shares his thoughts on how the British government has ignored or short-changed the residents of these outposts . He does at time seem to take a long time to reach a point , and often skims over many aspects of where he visits with nary an explanation , but if you are willing to let him be the guide you will find it an enjoyable if sometimes frustrating journey .
 This is a very interesting book that I gave to my wife and she could not let got . It was a basis for a lot of Google Maps exploration and discovery .
 I started by listening to the audiobook . In the intro to the audiobook , the author describes how he abridged the book by simply skipping whole chapters . He omitted Hong Kong , Bermuda , British West Indies and the Falklands . This of course , led me to the paperback to complete the missing chapters . I 'm glad I read the extra chapters , but do n't think I would have missed much if I had n't . The Hong Kong chapter is the weakest , and the most irrelevant now that it has spent a decade in the PRC . The Bermuda chapter is a little better . The West Indies chapter has nuggets of interest , though would probably need some updating -LRB- such as a volcano on Montserrat -RRB- . However , it quickly jumps from Island to Island so can be a little difficult to follow . The fact that he was in the Falklands as the war was breaking out makes that the most interesting of the omitted chapters in the audiobook.As for the remainder of the audiobook , it is always nice when an author reads his own books , especially when he does it well like Simon Winchester . He has ` updated ' it , primarily by reminding us that these exploits did take place a few decades ago . -LRB- I also found it useful to read the updated introduction after completing the book , helping to remind myself that these are 25 year old exploits . -RRB- The book reads as part travelogue , part history . The journey gets equal weight with the destination . I found myself with a strong interest in learning more about these places that had been nothing more than dots on the map .
 This is a review of the audio CD version of Outposts , which is an abridged version of the book , read by the author . In a word , Outposts got me hooked on Winchester 's writing , and I 've gone on to listen to the audio version of five of his other books , all equally facinating in their respective ways . Except for a weak piece on Pitcairn Island at the end of the audio version of Outposts , where the author seems to have run out of gas , the other pieces are well written and fascinating . I hope that -LRB- 1 -RRB- an unabridged audio version of the book is produced and -LRB- 2 -RRB- Winchester writes/records another book covering places not covered in Outposts . If you like intelligent travelogs and if you appreciate good writing , this book is for you .
 Simon Winchester made it his mission to visit the forgotten outposts of the British Empire . A century ago the Empire spanned the globe , hundreds of islands , dozens of countries and protectorates and the sun truly never set on the territories . But the Empire shrunk and collapsed in on itself yet straggling islands across the planet still lay claim or are claimed by the shadow of day 's long gone.Sure , as other people have said , it 's a dated book . But it was written in 1985 and reading it with that in mind it 's a fascinating travelogue . I loved the author 's attempt to `` invade '' Diego Garcia accompanied by the disappointing story of how residents were evicted and the U.S. put in a major -LRB- nuclear -RRB- base . The empire has done so many things in its best interest , unfortunately that does n't always include protecting individual rights.I also learned a lot about St. Helena where exiles resided for decades -LRB- Napoleon , Mbelini - head of the Zulu Nation -RRB- . I knew nothing about the beauty of the island or of the mansion where Napoleon took his walks and dictated his memoirs , staff on hand and British Guards out of sight.The Pitcairn islands are the last refuge of Britain in the Pacific not even administered nearby , but instead thousands of miles away from Australia . The resident population shrinking and forgotten . The average British citizen does n't know much about its current empire . Maybe if you ask they 'll say the Isle of Mann or the Faulklands . But these Outposts are historic and present . It 's a great read . I love learning the minutia of history
 Simon Winchester wrote `` Outposts '' in 1984 , just after the Falklands War and before Hong Kong was turned back over to China . The paperback edition has a new 2003 introduction but contains the same basic text.This book is a well-written , sometimes whimsical , often sharp-eyed travelogue of Winchester 's visits to some of the remaining overseas territories of the former British Empire . The tour includes Diego Garcia , Gibralter , the Atlantic islands such as Ascension and St Helena , Bermuda , the Caribbean islands , the Falklands , Hong Kong , and the Pitcairn group in the Pacific.Getting to the remoter locations is a significant part of the story . Winchester has to sneak into Diego Garcia by sailboat , only to be booted out by the authorities . He arrives by commercial airliner in the Falklands just days ahead of the Argentine invasion . Getting to the remoter Atlantic islands required a hop on a periodic cargo vessel and favorable weather to actually get ashore . Pitcairn was so remote as to defeat Winchester 's efforts to actually visit.For each outpost , Winchester surveys its imperial past and provides some anecdotes on its often anachronistic present as a colony or overseas dependency . Some places , such as Bermuda and the Caymans , have done well . Some less fortunate places , such as remote Pitcairn and some of the Caribbean islands , are seemingly administered out of stubborn habit . A few , such as Ascension and Diego Garcia , had been leased to the United States to carry out what were once the old Imperial responsibilities.If poverty and indifferent administration by London is a frequent finding , so is the lingering essential Britishness of many of the inhabitants of the `` outposts . '' Many residents enjoy their remoteness from the modern world , scratching out a living amid the particular charms of their outpost.At the end of his travels , Winchester ponders the recent handling of the Outposts and their eventual fates . His lingering reverence for Britain 's Imperial days competes with his evident distaste for London 's indifference for the present . His thoughtful final recommendation is that London release those outposts who wish to go their own way , while integrating and properly caring for those who wish to stay British.This book is a fascinating and enjoyable if dated travelogue that will be of interest to fans of obscure geography and to students of British history who wonder whatever became of the ruins of Empire .
 Another one of Simon Winchester 's interesting travelogues . Very eloquent and entertaining . Well researched with only a few dull moments . As a result is excellent for long cross-country drives . The only negative -LRB- and hence 4 out of 5 stars -RRB- is the fact that the book is a bit dated . When Winchester took his trips to these former colonies of the crown it was back in the 1980s . As a result , obviously , much has changed .
 In 1914 , the globe was spanned by the British Empire , on which the sun truly never set . As a boy , I collected stamps , and I was in awe of the number of faraway and exotic places that featured the likeness of the British monarch on their issues . It was , perhaps , these colorful bits of paper , along with the tales of Robin Hood , Richard the Lionheart , and King Arthur that engendered in me a lasting love for and fascination with Great Britain . I 've visited the mother island on more than a dozen occasions ; I long to be there now . Simon Winchester 's OUTPOSTS took me in a different direction - outward to the last vestiges of Empire.British Indian Ocean Territory , Tristan da Cunha , Gibraltar , Ascension Island , St. Helena , Hong Kong , Bermuda , Turks and Caicos Islands , the British Virgin Islands , Anguilla , Montserrat , the Cayman Islands , the Falkland Islands , and the Pitcairn Islands . These , minus Hong Kong - OUTPOSTS was published in 1985 - are now all that are left of the once proud imperial possessions . Simon visited them over a three year period , except the inaccessible Pitcairn , and tells us about his odyssey in this sterling travel narrative.Winchester , a Brit himself , is ambiguous about the Empire . On one hand , he apparently feels that the Crown 's dominions , protectorates , trustee states , mandated territories and colonies were better left to go their separate ways , if only for the sake of political correctness . On the other hand , he maintains that , of all the European colonial empires , Britain 's was the one administered with the greatest degree of good intentions . And , Simon is n't above becoming sentimental , as on Tristan da Cunha , a dependency of St. Helena , during a visit by the Colonial Governor : `` A bugle was blown , a banner was raised , a salute was made , an anthem was played - and the Colonial Governor of St. Helena was formally welcomed on to the tiniest and loneliest dependency in the remnant British Empire . I found I was watching it through a strange golden haze , which cleared if I wiped my eyes with the back of my hand
 If you are interested in British colonies as they are today , now known as Overseas Territories or Dependencies , there is no better book than Outposts . I bought this while in Bermuda for beachreading , and blasted through it in 2 days . Winchester gives you a feel for the lives of the islanders , and just how much influence the British government has left over the way they govern and police themselves . Some of the `` forgotten lands '' he visited and discusses include St. Helena -LRB- of Napoleon fame -RRB- , Tristan de Cunha -LRB- between Africa and South America -RRB- , Diego Garcia -LRB- Indian Ocean -RRB- , Gibraltar , Bermuda and all of the British West Indies . Humorous , insightful - just a great way to see and feel what remains of the Empire without actually going there if you ca n't afford it .
 Having visited some of the far-flung places mentioned in Outposts , I was really floored by Winchester 's style and prose
 In the early years of his career as a journalist , Simon Winchester hatched the rather ambitious idea of touring the globe to visit the far-flung remains of the rapidly dwindling and little known remnants of the British Empire . Although the sun still does not set on what little remains of these imperial holdings , Winchester recognized that this was a tenuous political situation unlikely to last for too many more years . He felt that there was a moving , fascinating and important story to be told of these vastly separated , profoundly isolated and mostly forgotten specks of land that reflected on Britain 's somewhat tarnished past glories and conquests.I 'll admit this is a personal opinion -LRB- and you may well disagree -RRB- but I 'd suggest that any fool with sufficient motivation and desire can complete the research and develop the information necessary to write a non-fiction book . But it is only a very special and exceptionally talented author who can write non-fiction in such a fashion as to turn that book into a compelling page-turner that reads like a novel and holds a reader 's interest with the grip of the most exciting thrillers . Like Bill Bryson or Canada 's Pierre Berton and Ken McGoogan , Simon Winchester is one of those authors with the ability to vault over that rather daunting bar.Blending history , geography , biology , geology , sociology , linguistics and anthropology into a positively delicious cocktail , Winchester tells us the stories of such little known imperial tidbits as Tristan da Cunha , St Helena , Pitcairn Island , the Falkland Islands , Gibraltar , Ascension and BIOT -LRB- the British Indian Ocean Territory -RRB- . While he is clearly a Brit to his very toes and positively wallows in his love of British tradition and custom from cricket to high tea , he certainly does n't shrink from chastising his own government for imperial high-handedness and political shenanigans . For example , he clearly suggests that white supremacist racism may be the underlying reason that the residents of St Helena are not accorded the right to emigrate to England as full citizens ? What were the secret political deals that were made with the US military when the residents of Diego Garcia in the BIOT were summarily evicted from their homes?Having been written in the early 1980s , `` Outposts '' is clearly outdated but it is nevertheless immensely entertaining and informative . Simon Winchester ranks high on my list of authors that -LRB- at least for now -RRB- I 'll buy without reference to anyone else 's reviews . Yes , he is that good!Highly recommended.Paul Weiss
 Simon Winchester is an interesting guy . Like Scott Turow , he wanted to be a writer when he was young , but was pushed into something else instead . In Turow 's case he became a lawyer ; Winchester became a geologist . After working for twenty years as a geologist , he took up writing and has worked at it for the last twenty or twenty-five years . He writes on various non-fiction topics , some of them rather unusual , including the writing of the Oxford English Dictionary , the explosion of Krakatoa , and the San Francisco Earthquake . The current book is a recounting of several years during the late 70s and early 80s when the author worked as a journalist , and contrived to visit all of the inhabited remnants of the British Empire , save the smallest.Winchester is a gifted writer , and he recreates his visits to each of these `` outposts '' with the British eccentricity and humor you 'd expect from a good writer in this genre . He would n't be British if he did n't express some huffy disapproval at the way the British government depopulated the island of Diego Garcia and then leased it to the US Armed forces . At various points the places he describes come off as wonderfully British and yet colonial , that zany combination of efficiency and nonsensical tradition that pervades everything the British did when they were overseas.I generally enjoyed this book , and would recommend it . It is a bit dated , and some of the predictions have n't come true
 This is an intriguing book of a journey to the remnants of what remains of the British Empire , about 30 years ago . Beginning seemingly out of curiosity sake , the book is a travelogue of over a 100,000 miles to the edges of the inhabited earth . Unfortunately , some of the writing is now dated , and unfortunately for the residents of these far flung minor colonies , many of the concerns about them have not been addressed.Winchester , a British writer and journalist , living in New England , undertook a journey 30 years ago to places even most Britons are unaware of
 If you like history and travel literature , then this is the book for you.Simon Winchester travels to some of the smallest and most obscure places on the earth , and gives fresh insight other more well known places such as Hong Kong.And you will learn some really interesting stuff , like that there are some islands -LRB- well rocks in the pacific really -RRB- , that are classified by the British government as Navel ships , and are named as such.You will definately want to grab an atlas after reading this .
 well ... . as usual ... . winchester 's style of writing is exciting and enthralling ... outposts focuses on the remaining British outposts ... remenants of the British Empire ... the author brings us on a journey to these remote places and vividly describes geographic , cultural and a bit of history of these outposts ... . it was an enjoyable and memorable read ... . if you 're interested in history , geography and remote islands then i believe you will find this book interesting !!!
 A humorous account of the author 's travels circa 1983 to the remaining possessions of the British Empire , almost all of which are isolated islands . Several of the tiffs with British bureaucrats read like episodes of British sitcoms . My only complaint is that the bibliography at the end was not updated for the re-issue and is composed entirely of books which are more than 20 years old .
 This is a great book for any beginning bookbinder . The entire book features full-color photos with easy to follow , step-by-step instructions for many simple , but beautiful and impressive looking projects.First , materials and how to use them are covered . There are clear photos of all the materials . Then , the author demonstrates how to make corners for 3 different types of paper.Next , instructions are given for making several accordion books , a pamphlet stitch journal with either a soft or hard cover , a tied-binding album , & a post album . Two gorgeous box books , & a scroll are also demonstrated.There is a wonderful gallery in the back that really helped spark my creativity . Contact information on all the contributors is also included . A resource list and other suggested readings are a great bonus .
 I took a class with the author and loved it . The book is very inspiring with lots of good projects . The only thing I found fault with were the hand shots . They were a little too far away and it was hard to tell what they were trying to show . Other than that , a great book , well worth the money .
 This book was excellent when my daughter and I decided to start making books together . It has some great simple ideas and teaches the basics in an easy to understand way . We have had a lot of fun with this little book !
 I was looking for a book on bookmaking for my daughter 's 28th birthday . Something visually interesting with clear instructions . Something with a variety of projects both basic and creative . Making Books by Hand completely fits the bill , so much so that I had to send her something else for her b-day , while I incorporate some of the ideas from the book into my own work . Actually I think I will just get her a new copy and add this one to MY library
 The collaborative effort of self-employed book artist Mary McCarthy and educator/writer Philip Manna , Making Books By Hand
 This book was well worth the wait . It is clear and concise and has beautiful examples that are easy to follow . I will make good use of it !
 Words fail me to convey the talent and charm of this writer and this book , but I 'll give it a try . For my money and that of the Federal reserve , Joanna Scott is one of the brightest lights of contemporary American fiction . So bright you 'll need sunglasses to read her stuff . Her fictional world distiles imagery , grace and language 99 % of writers would kill for . The other 1 % would sell their moms and aunts -LRB- or at least lease them -RRB- for it . The Manikin is her best yet and simply one of the best novels I 've read in years and years , and I 've read plenty . This a book for those who love to read , who relish the magic and the music in the language , who want to plunge into a wonderful world of mystery and narrative alchemy . The Manikin works as gothic mystery , as historical romance , as a meditation on lost innocence and life and as a soul tonic for those in need of great literature and greater fun ... The prose itself is dynamite stuff that will elevate your life and brain tone faster than a pint of Ben & Jerry 's . Do n't deny yourself the extraordinary experience of reading this book or this author . Do it just for the fun and the pleasure of indulging in such a fascinating and engrossing read . As you read the last sentence , you 'll rush to get Ms.Scott 's other books because , by then , you 'll be addicted to one of the premier storytellers of this generation . I am .
 This whopping 600 page anthology of some of the best of Victorian erotica is an absolute treasure for the unititiated reader , and also to the avid connoisseur , who is always in search of a new book of the tasty delights of erotica ... The 34 stories in this volume contain excerpts from some of the best known and read Victorian erotica books that have been printed and reprinted since the early 19th century . The best known and devoured novels of course are ; Venus School Mistress , Man with a Maid , A Weekend Visit , The Romance of Lust , Parsian Frolics , Two Flappers in Paris , School Life in Paris , and , My Secret Life . Actually , I certainly was quite pleasantly surprised to find that of this wonderfull collection I had read only eight of the thirty four ... Since the joy of erotica is not only in the incredible variety but also in the mind of the reader you will of course find excerpts that are not to be to your particular taste , but , the great thing is that you will also find some of the stories are absolutely yummie and send you on a quest to find the full book at any cost ... . Appart from the timeless classical gems listed above this book has at least ten excerpts that would warrant their own five star reviews and are each , in my mind , worth the price of this book alone . ` The Prodigal Virgin ' , is a story of an afternoon on a secluded beach where a young Marion is slowly and gently seduced by her new brother-in-law , Stanley . The unknown author of this book is an absolute master and paints a veritable fresco in the readers mind ... ` Norah ' is a story within a story of a young girl in a convent being induced into sins of the flesh by the chaplain and the mother superior . These stories are of course part of the Victorian classic fare where young , innocent and helpless young people are forced to accept and embrace their more carnal desires ... In ` Fobidden Fruit ' a very short three page excerpt details the introduction of a young Percy in the gentle arms of his step-mother , a topic considered quite tittilating in Victorian days ... In ` Amy Denmead 's History ' , and in several other stories in this book we see a young Amy learning the secrets of her body with the anxious assitance of Florence , one of her very close and ` special ' friends ... I ca n't really review all the great pieces that I liked in this book but suffice it to say I enjoyed it and have already placed orders for some of the full volumes that have been excerted here ...
 This is the first time I read a biography of our Liberator . I picked this book because I also wanted to know about his Father , Ambrosio O'Higgins , and because to find an attractive biography in spanish is simply difficult . This book is just precious , it read like a novel , not very deep in content but captivating from the very beginning . If there is some link between Chile and Ireland , this is the most important . The book explain how Ambrosio Higgins , an Irish man , made his living in Chile and how he manage to be the governor of my country and Viceroy of Peru , knowing that in those days Spaniards were very distrustful of anything `` english '' . The life of his son , Bernardo , allows you to understand the man , from the the loneliness of his youth , the years of enlightment and love in England , and his constant pursue for the liberty of Chile . It is sad that he never married his only love , Charlotte.The book is separated in two parts and consist of 44 chapters , 384 pages , bibliography included . Great book Edna !
 I became hooked on Sister Fidelma stories because of the short stories I 'd read in other mystery collections . I have since become a big fan of the novels , as well , but I would still have to say that the short stories are some of the best . This is an excellent collection - I had a hard time putting it down to do mundane things like eat , shower , etc. .
 I love all the Sister Fidelma stories , and these short story anthologies are particularly interesting . I 'm building quite a collection on my Kindle .
 In today 's volatile world , the island will give readers many ideas on how to improve their lives!Island -LRB- Perennial Classics -RRB-
 One of the best books I have read is Aldous Huxley 's ` Island ' . It is a take-off on the utopia theme and not his first one on it , the earlier one being ` The Brave New World ' . His ` The Brave New World ' was a brilliant trenchant satire , written on the premise that the human race has only two alternatives viz . being either insane or lunatic . ` The Brave New World ' was a fantasy fable . ` Island ' published in 1962 , 30 years after ` Brave New World ' was written by a much mellowed Huxley . Huxley 's premise had changed from the earlier one . He believed that humanity had a third choice , of being sane . ` Island ' is no satire , less fable like , the socio-political , economic system exposited in it is less fable like , and though might seem very difficult to realize , is not impossible if we all manage to be sane!Pala is a tiny -LRB- fable -RRB- island in the Indian Ocean , where it 's small community has made the best of western and eastern worlds . The inhabitants are basically Shivaite-Buddhists . They have adopted the western technology but not to the extent that the technology becomes dehumanizing and prevents them being full human beings . They have steered clear of the three pillars of the western prosperity : - armaments , universal debt and planned obsolescence . They have of course their tradition of empathy for all the living beings , their respect for the environment , habitat and the practice of their traditional mind science . The Community believes that God is immanent , man is potentially transcendent . The island 's enlightened community have attempted the enormous folly of trying to make a marriage between Hell and Heaven and succeeded at it . They have blended their tradition with western technology in a perfect synthesis . Rather , one of their prime credo is making the best of all the worlds.The book opens in a dramatic fashion . An English journalist on a secret mission to push the Oil interests of his tycoon boss is regaining consciousness an early morning on the fable island Pala . He had the previous afternoon procured a boat at the neighboring island -LRB- a separate country -RRB- and planned to sail into the Pala harbor . Unfortunately , he gets caught in a squall . Instead of sailing into the Pala harbor , he is washed ashore the wrong side of the Island with steep hills to be negotiated to reach habitation . Even as he is descending in the failing light of dusk , negotiating the slippery rain washed rocks , he espies snakes -LRB- not necessarily venomous -RRB- slithering around . Probably finding live snakes around for the first time in his life , he panics , loses hold and falls . Fortunately for him , this fall to the ground is cushioned by an obstructing tree . Still badly bruised , shaken and utterly terrified he loses consciousness . He regains consciousness the next morning with two Palanese urchins - a ten year old girl and a four year old boy - solicitously looking down upon him . The girl sends off the boy to get help . Meanwhile she feeds the famished journalist with bananas . The journalist is still carrying the phantom images of the slithering snakes though they are no more around . How the ten year old successfully administers therapy to the adult journalist to rid of the snakes crawling in his mind is one of the high points of the novel!One of the other high points in the novel
 Yes ... I do agree that Huxley 's `` Island '' has some faults , which may be keeping a lot of people from reading this book . But how I was happy imaging the Pala paradise on Earth ! Paradise in a strict human sense , but a world so promissing and inspiring , the final thoughts of this great human being . The perfect last book and some gorgeous reading . Delightful !
 One of the best books I have read is Aldous Huxley 's ` Island ' . It is a take-off on the utopia theme and not his first one on it , the earlier one being ` The Brave New World ' . His ` The Brave New World ' was a brilliant trenchant satire , written on the premise that the human race has only two alternatives viz . being either insane or lunatic . ` The Brave New World ' was a fantasy fable . ` Island ' published in 1962 , 30 years after ` Brave New World ' was written by a much mellowed Huxley . Huxley 's premise had changed from the earlier one . He believed that humanity had a third choice , of being sane . ` Island ' is no satire , less fable like , the socio-political , economic system exposited in it is less fable like , and though might seem very difficult to realize , is not impossible if we all manage to be sane!Pala is a tiny -LRB- fable -RRB- island in the Indian Ocean , where it 's small community has made the best of western and eastern worlds . The inhabitants are basically Shivaite-Buddhists . They have adopted the western technology but not to the extent that the technology becomes dehumanizing and prevents them being full human beings . They have steered clear of the three pillars of the western prosperity : - armaments , universal debt and planned obsolescence . They have of course their tradition of empathy for all the living beings , their respect for the environment , habitat and the practice of their traditional mind science . The Community believes that God is immanent , man is potentially transcendent . The island 's enlightened community have attempted the enormous folly of trying to make a marriage between Hell and Heaven and succeeded at it . They have blended their tradition with western technology in a perfect synthesis . Rather , one of their prime credo is making the best of all the worlds.The book opens in a dramatic fashion . An English journalist on a secret mission to push the Oil interests of his tycoon boss is regaining consciousness an early morning on the fable island Pala . He had the previous afternoon procured a boat at the neighboring island -LRB- a separate country -RRB- and planned to sail into the Pala harbor . Unfortunately , he gets caught in a squall . Instead of sailing into the Pala harbor , he is washed ashore the wrong side of the Island with steep hills to be negotiated to reach habitation . Even as he is descending in the failing light of dusk , negotiating the slippery rain washed rocks , he espies snakes -LRB- not necessarily venomous -RRB- slithering around . Probably finding live snakes around for the first time in his life , he panics , loses hold and falls . Fortunately for him , this fall to the ground is cushioned by an obstructing tree . Still badly bruised , shaken and utterly terrified he loses consciousness . He regains consciousness the next morning with two Palanese urchins - a ten year old girl and a four year old boy - solicitously looking down upon him . The girl sends off the boy to get help . Meanwhile she feeds the famished journalist with bananas . The journalist is still carrying the phantom images of the slithering snakes though they are no more around . How the ten year old successfully administers therapy to the adult journalist to rid of the snakes crawling in his mind is one of the high points of the novel!One of the other high points in the novel
 This is an amazing book . As opposed to his novel , _ A Brave New World _ , this novel illustrates pure happiness . The people inhabiting the island of Pala , are truly happy . The novel also poses some excellent ideas and commentaries on our society today . Your ideas of religion , truth , faith , the human body , the mind ... all are questioned . It 's hard to put something this unique into words . I really reccomend reading this book and I hope you get as much out of it as I did .
 Perhaps it sounds pathetic , but it 's true . This book has every answer you might need . And once more , it shows how we intend to complicate , instead to simplify.It shows the way to a happier world , but before going global - it has to be personal.And I must insist - it is NOT utopia . The word `` utopia '' is used for an idealistic world . Island is not idealistic - it 's possible .
 This book is epic and will change your outlook about how you live .
 This science fiction novel walks around the speculative situation about a natural -LRB- not social and not even political choice -RRB- population distribution , in agreement his skills and gifts.Naturally many facts occur in this interesting tale , but the most remarkable issue is to make us think the elusive dreams about a better and even pacific society .
 Do not bother reading `` Island '' unless you are going to take a serious look at yourself and your society . You may not feel the connection between yourself and Mr. Farnaby , but if you live in the western world it 's there . Directly or indirectly we have all commited his crimes.Readers would do well to constantly question fictional truth versus literary metaphor . People on the Island bluntly explain so many concepts to Farnaby that many readers and reveiwers seem to miss key themes . I mean come on , Huxley could n't just give you everything straight , he had to leave somthing for your post reading reflection.To all the haters , I say open you mind . Is taking a real look at your self really that offensive?If so , you just proved one of Huxley 's points about ignorance .
 Island is heavy reading . It is basically a philosophical treatise and critique of society and history , coated with only the thinnest layer of novel-sugar . The philosophy is Huxley 's report of mysticism and some psychology serves to back this up , as does the sociology , which also strongly criticises many traditional traits of Western and modern society and history . Pala is heralded as the utopian solution to this , though eventually is overrun by the forces of Western society.I think it is underrated because , as I 've said , it is considered a novel . It must have been hard , because Huxley could n't have just left it without this ` novel-ness ' , yet to give too much emphasis on entertainment would presumably have detracted from both the intention and the meaning . In this light actually , it is a finely balanced book
 A good book that touches on lots of theory that some may enjoy and others may find a bit too unrealistic . I enjoyed the the concept of the book and at times , it had me wishing Huxley owned an island like it . If your even remotely interested in this book , then read it knowing you wo n't be dissapointed .
 Being Huxley 's last novel I was skeptical when I picked it up . Certainly I had no reason to be . Huxley was in top form writing Island . If you are looking for a blueprint for a harmonious life look no further . Huxley lays out a true Utopia and once again proves it could never be . Fortunately for us , he brings to light concepts for child raising and general peaceful living . One can certainly learn from this modern masterpiece . The plot is just as enjoyable as the underlying message . A secluded island , a shipwrecked spy , a changed man , and the inevitable corruption of Utopia . Huxley has spared nothing with this one . Island is a definate must read .
 In this book , Huxley shares with us his view of the perfect society throught the eyes of an English cynic . In true Huxley fashion , we see a utopian world on the brink of destruction by the self-important west . It 's a haunting views into Huxley 's thoughts on perfecting and destructing society . It is best to read this book with an understanding of Indian religion , and the semantics involved with it , as Huxley uses a lot of Hindu and Buddhist jargon to describe his society . This is a must read for any Huxley fan .
 This book is wonderful but probably in a different way than many people think . Huxley wrote this the year before he died . And in a letter his wife wrote shortly after his death she says that Huxley was appaled that people did n't take it serious . His entire lifes wisdom was summed up in island . The seemingly slow moving plotline and the somewhat underdeveloped characters are not flaws they are fully intentional . This was done so that the attention of the reader would lean more towards the palanese way of life and less towards the things going on . He has a strong point when it comes to eastern philosophy being concerned with what works , and western with what is real . And the issue of psychedelics was nicely addressed . Some parts did get a little cheesy but that 's understandable because he was such an emotional man . He also recycles alot of words but this does n't bother me because it is such a beautiful book . Island is so much better than BNW . You should read it ...
 Huxley 's final novel is testament to an interesting and rather brilliant man . It will forever , no matter what , lie in the shadows of Huxley 's excellent `` Brave New World '' and will always be just another book by Huxley , read only by those seeking Huxley 's clever spark once again . People such as myself . `` Island '' is , ultimately , a sign of Huxley as a writer . The plot is virtually nonexistent -LRB- not too unlike the amusing `` Point Counterpoint '' in that respect -RRB- and the writing is at times dull . But just as Huxley falls in some of the usual traps , he shines in others . The book is amazingly interesting , whether you agree with the philosophy or not . There 's a clever , sneaky sort of irony to the entire book , one that is not undermined by the curious blandness of the novel as well . It 's got one of the strangest views of society I 've encountered in my life , a book-within-a-book that 's pretty boring -LRB- similar to `` 1984 '' -RRB- , and a number of scenes so curiously written that just about every reader will set the book down to scratch their head.It 's the Huxley conundrum , really . On the one hand , the book is intelligent , amusing in its irony , and provides plenty of food for thought . On the other hand , it can get amazingly dull . The story actually bogs down at some point , but picks up again soon after . It 's an uneven book , sporting both superb writing in its descriptions and choppy writing in the flow and the overall intrigue of the novel.Ultimately , it 's interesting for its points , less so for its writing . Huxley is as clever and thought-provoking as ever , but those coming from `` Brave New World '' may find themselves disappointed by somewhat dull writing and a barely existent plot . Still , it provides plenty of food for thought - just see if the tradeoff is worth it .
 This book is more than a novel . It is a philosophy and more than anything it is a book about hope , about what we as humans can achieve with just the right viewpoint . Those who liked BNW may not find this as enjoyable though , for the overall message is possitive and less sardonic -LRB- probably why it was n't as successful ! -RRB- . But if you are n't afraid to think , this book is a true pleasure to experience .
 I liked it a lot . &#34; There is no fear where love exists . Rather , perfect love banishes fear , for fear involves punishment , and the person who lives in fear has not been perfected in love . &#34; 1 John 4:18
 If you judge this book solely on its literary merit , you will be disappointed . There is n't much of a plot here , and characterization lacks adequate depth . If on the other hand , you regard this novel as a way to frame a whole set of ideas , you 'll be greatly rewarded . Along with Thomas Mann , Huxley is perhaps the most intelligent and well rounded man in the world of 20th century literature , and this work is a culmination of a lifetime of thought about society , science , and the relationship between them . Huxley was a man who actually cared about humankind , and in this book he tells us what it would take to create a perfect society . He seems to have taken great pains to stay clear of science fiction and wrote the most practical utopia he could conceive based on the scientific and technological achievements of his day . Forty years later , the world of Pala lies well within our realm of technological possibility . So why do n't we build it ? What Huxley indirectly shows is that even when we can do it , we are not willing to pay the price for it . In a world where the market is king , and freedom without responsibility is seen as a given , Pala looks as distant and quaint as the SF worlds of Asimov and Arthur C. Clarke . Even if Pala is not feasible on a nationwide or worldwide scale , this novel has important things to teach us as individuals . It convincingly shows how we are conditioned by our environment and upbringing to behave a certain way . If we change or overcome that conditioning our lives will be transformed , even as we are encroached by the cruel world around us . Island is sure to give food for thought for a long time to come .
 Island , in my opinion is probably Aldous Huxley 's best work , and also one of the best books I have ever read . For those of you interested in spirituality , this would probably be the book to get started on . It has a good way of telling you what peace and the `` Buddha Nature '' really does feel like . The book is about a utopian society on an island called Pala . Will Farnaby , ` suffering from the disease called Civilization ' , lands on the island , in the hope of getting the bid for a lucrative oil contract , but the more of the island he sees , the more he realizes that the island must be saved from civilization at all costs . To say more would be to spoil the story for those of you who have not read it . Needless to say , I liked this book a lot more than I liked Brave New World , or any of his other books . I feel that this was his most pointed attack on our way of life . It can be read and re-read a million times . The ideas contained in it are really refreshing , so refreshing and original that I 'm still trying to come up with well founded criticisms . This book is well worth the price , now if only there were more authors who could write like this .
 I found this book lying in a closed dusty box in the basement where all of my dad 's old books are . I had heard tons about The Doors of Perception so decided to give this one a try . If I say that this book changed by whole life it would be saying too much . But if definitely makes me wonder why we , the entire human race , are rotting away to glory when a `` formula '' for better and more fulfilling way to live is out there for us to take . It 's in this very book . After reading this book I doubt there would be anybody who would not question the existing , decadent values and morals that bind us all . What a perfect mixture of eastern and western wisdom ! I really recommend that this book should be a part of the curriculum in schools throughout the world . Oh ya the part about the mushrooms in that temple as part of the initiation process and the accompanying Shiva Vedic chants ... it really can be the most awesome out of body experience you can have . Trust me I am from India . Bottom Line
 This is the work of a social planner - and not the kind that coordinates seating arrangements and makes out guest lists . The culmination of several explorations in cultural engineering , Island is a how-to book describing the requisite customs , attitudes , and institutions for a society devoted to the positive development and individuation of its citizens.In this book Huxley subverts all the conventional storytelling devices to make his points . Plot and characterization really are afterthoughts here unless they assist in some way to get an idea across . All the relevant conclusions that have been carefully and thoughtfully arrived at over an entire lifetime are given airing here mostly in awkward asides . Huxley is reaching the end of his life , and there 's an urgency in the prose that resembles a harangue . But if we recall the ambitious intention here - to lay out a blueprint for a society truly dedicated to individual liberty and liberation - it seems inane to complain about the lack of conventional storytelling devices.In this book we can see that Huxley has done all the heavy lifting long before the hippies came on the scene and turned drug-taking into a recreational activity - invalidating drug use for any other purpose in the minds of a majority of people . Many of these same people now seek to invalidate Huxley 's crowning achievement because the writing ca n't be enjoyed as an escapist , recreational activity . This paradox is the result of an all-too-human tendency to manipulate facts and use them to argue against any idea that might contradict their ingrained beliefs.Of course , some will argue that their problem with Island is not that it ca n't be enjoyed recreationally , but that it is the leftist ravings and ramblings of a drugged-out kook . My response is that this argument is not supported by a careful consideration of the points Huxley makes . Perhaps , given more time Huxley would have polished this work into a more easily-accessible form ; but that did n't keep me from appreciating it .
 If you are not familiar with Huxley 's other works , this book may not be the best place to start . Do n't get me wrong , this book is a VERY intriguing examination of what sort of social structure would constitute a human utopia , and also of the sorts of human attitudes that tend to prevent this utopia from coming about . Taken as a work of philosophy , it is a definite winner.This book has a story , complete with characters , motivations , and plot . However , the story is quite thin , and serves largely as a hypothetical background setting for the illustration of some of Huxley 's reflections on human nature . The story is not exactly gripping , and wo n't provide the sort of entertainment value that some may want.This book is written , in my opinion , for people who are familiar with the study of philosophy . Philosophers always tend to be a bit long-winded , and frequently make use of analogies -LRB- complete with characters and plots -RRB- to try to illustrate a lofty and perhaps complicated point . In this book , the characters -LRB- and the narrator -RRB- spend the vast majority of their time in the exact sorts of long-winded speeches one would expect from a philosopher.If you are expecting another `` Brave New World , '' you will be disappointed . If , however , you just want to have your imagination stimulated , and to provide yourself with food for thought , then I whole-heartedly recommend this book .
 I first read this book when I was 15 , and it had a profound and lasting influence on my life . Rereading it now , more than twenty years later , I still find it moving.The characters in this book are a bit too good to be true
 It is a fitting tribute to the great thinker that his last novel was his best and it gave him a lasting legacy to honor , as I see it , his long lived hope of a better world by presenting the human condition in all of it 's fine and/or hideous attributes and motivations.A good summation of the overall picture that Huxley is painting in Island , is right on the back cover of the book although to make it more accurate , I ` ve added the missing words in the bracket
 My wife and I have been preparing for next year 's season premiere of ABC 's hit series , Lost -LRB- Lost - The Complete Fourth Season -RRB- , and decided to engage in one of our `` movie marathons '' by watching all four seasons ' prior episodes over several weeks . As part of the experience , we perused the Lost Book Club offerings -LRB- on ABC 's website -RRB- and noticed that Aldous Huxley 's `` Island -LRB- Perennial Classics -RRB- was included . The connection , for those die-hard Lost fans
 Pala , the island in this book , is everything I 've always wanted . Uncontaminated by the Western world , this island would have been an amazing place . I 'm writing this review as I read the final pages of this book . However much of a clich&eacute; it is , I could not put it down , even at one AM . In the library , in my hometown , this book was classified as science fiction , but truly , it 's more of a spiritual quest . The main character , Will started in the beginning of the book as a cynical , pessimistic man , but transformed drastically by the end . I think that throughout the book , I made a transformation too . If fiction can change one 's life , it undoubtedly has changed mine .
 I bought this book after reading something about Aldous Huxley . I enjoyed it . Why do these reviews require so many words ???? And why ca n't I just rate a purchase with stars ? Ridiculous .
 I read this book many years ago and love anything Aldous Huxley wrote . This copy is in perfect condition , and I enjoy it every bit of the book as much as I did when I first read it .
 In the concideration of the world it was written in , eg , post World War 11 , it tries to concider the various factors that drive people to have the mind set required for war . Uncannily it predicts the removal of stereotype families and constructs a multiple family situation that removes the drive for assetts to hand to your children as alll children are a product of a group not only the sperm and egg giver.Similar to the Israeli Kibbuts.It concideres the role of imprintion , and behaveour modification as part of the learning process.It interweves the role of religion in thoughts and predicts the diminished role of established religions.How could he know all this in 1946 . Similarly how did he know the role of splitting of embryo back in 1932 for Brave New World.These two books shopuld be read in series , and you wilbe amazed at the future knowledge that has come to pass .
 The first chapter of the book nearly had me in a trance right along with the protagonist . From early on you get the feeling something bad is going to happen . Huxley did a fantastic job of putting me in the protagonists shoes and getting me to experience what he was experiencing and making profound connections with the residents of Pala . I 'd recommend this book more for people interested in enlightenment more so than people looking for another `` Lord of the Flies '' type book .
 Started reading this book a long time ago and got half way through , misplaced my copy and found it time to pick it up again . Starting from the beginning again im reminded of why a book i never got a chance to finnish stands out as one of my favorites of all time . For idealists and the philosophically minded , who also have a taste for flare and style .
 wonderful book , recommend this to anyone looking for a great novel to sit and get lost in ... check it out !
 I have savoured and enjoyed every page of this book . It 's a deeply philosophical story with some very profound and provocative ideas about humanity and life . It 's a book that many people will be able to deeply understand and appreciate . However , I do n't think it 's a book for everyone . it has to come along at the right time in someone 's life for them to be able to fully appreciate the messages it contains . I think the best reader is one who has taken at least a few steps along the path of spiritual awakening .
 No one seems to see any significance in Huxley 's death on the same day that President Kennedy was assassinated , although it coincides uncannily with the ending of the Island that was published in 1962 . One can only speculate what Huxley would have said if he had time to write an Island Revisited .
 This is the kind of book you buy to give to friends , feeling that the world would be a better place if more people read it . Huxley 's novel of ideas is an engaging story about the forbidden SE Asian island of Pala . Through the eyes and ears of a London journalist shipwrecked there we learn that `` the best of both worlds - Oriental and European , the ancient and modern - '' form Huxley 's answer to his own dystopic _ Brave New World _ -LRB- 1931 -RRB- . These books not only share the same author but also their remarkably timely critique of the modern world , of `` Western philosophers - even the best of them - -LSB- who -RSB- 're nothing more than good talkers ... '' and of `` unverifiable dogmas and the emotions inspired by them . '' While the Palanese embrace the `` applied metaphysics '' of the East , they needed a written language -LRB- English -RRB- , the scientific method for improved agriculture and certain surgical practices , and other more humane parts of Western civlization -LRB- Mozart -RRB- . The rest , including heavy industry , missionaries , and imperialism , they happily left behind.In this day and age of globalization , cultural homogenization , overpopulation , resource depletion , environmental degradation , and general malaise over what modernity has made us , this introduction to Buddhism , Huxley 's last novel written in 1962 , is as relevant as ever.Tse-Sung Wu -LRB- at c m u dot e d u -RRB- PS
 The great thing about this book is that it shows what living in a low-carbon world could be . Granted its very idealistic , but if you have been reading theoretical books on the subject , this should give you an idea of what such a place `` could '' look like in practice .
 I purchased this book for Christmas for a friend . It arrived 2 days after I ordered it the week of Christmas ! Came brand new with a clean white , paperback cover .
 I think maybe Neubaten -LRB- I think that 's your name -RRB- did read a different book ... I thought it was excellent . The description of the society is more in depth than Brave New World but I can see how many people would find this uninteresting `` ramble '' . Someone else said that Huxley destroys his society in the last chapter - that 's often what good books do . BTW , One Flew Over the Cuckoo 's Nest does almost exactly the same thing . I think the destruction of Pala was a warning of what greed is capable of and that not even a land of pure love and kindness is immune to greedy people .
 A man arrives on an Island to engineer an oil deal . He begins to like the place . It is a nice place . But one of the old money family wants to sell it out for greater access to the contents of a Sears-Roebuck catalog . In the end evil triumphs because good is pacifist and big oil money can buy more guns .
 Easily one of the best books I 've read . Pala is the island which I 've dreamt of since I was a child . It is everything I 've ever wanted our society to become , but sadly I do n't think that day will ever come . I could definitly see narrow-minded people not enjoying this book , as heavy criticisms are placed on Western society and Christianity . Some of the dialogues in the book seem entirely unnatural , but thats really not even an issue . Huxley merely uses the longwinded dialogues to contrast Western civilization with the island of Pala.I wo n't even bother compare it to Brave New World simply because the two are so different . BNW describes what Huxley feared the world would become , while Island shows us what he wished it was .
 First off , as many people have pointed out , ` Island ' is a complete and total failure as a novel . The plot is paper thin and the ` characterization , ' such as it is , is pretty horrible . But this does n't mean this is a bad book , or not worth reading . Hermann Hesse 's last -LRB- and one of his best -RRB- book , `` The Glass Bead Game '' -LRB- aka `` Magister Ludi '' -RRB- suffers from the same faults , but likewise is eminently worth reading.I would n't say Huxley succeeds in portraying a true utopia , but then , who ever has ? Nowhere in fiction , essay , or political propaganda have I seen anyone else come even remotely close - Huxley at least borders on plausibility , and indeed , desirability -LRB- something else lacking from many ` utopian ' visions -RRB- . Many of the negative reviews here are by radical conservatives who find the ideas of more open sexuality , psychedelic visions and a modern updating of Eastern philosophy and contemplation anathema . Well , fair enough , I guess , but look at the world THOSE people are endeavouring -LRB- some cynics might say successfully -RRB- to build . I for one would definitely have appreciated more rock climbing , first-hand experiential evidence of ` higher things , ' even if through psychedelics , and more sensitive sexual experience , during my confused youth . In fact , ultimately , I found my way to all of those things through friends , readings , and my own meandering gropings through life , but I do n't feel at all that these were -LRB- or are now -RRB- encouraged by the social structure in which I live , nor by my elders . Huxley imagines a world in which this situation is reversed , and though I have some problems with his vision , I find it quite charming and desirable in many ways.Some negative reviews have poitned out how quaint and 1960 's - oriented and dated many of the ideas are -LRB- to those reviewers anyway -RRB- ; I would argue though that many of the new ideas fermenting in the 60 's have really yet to come to full fruition , and far from being dated , are in need of further dissemination.The book is heavily didactic and this can get a little annoying at times , but as always Huxley is full of insights and is worth reading . From what I understand he wrestled with this book for years trying to find a good way of conveying these notions ; maybe he should have just opted for non-fiction of some kind . Still , this book is far from ` obsolete ' and is Huxley 's utopia very much worth considering for all those of us living in a the real-life , if toned-down , version of ` Brave New World . '
 For some reason this book is no where near as popular as Brave New World . I suppose it 's because Brave New World is about our culture exagerated into the future , whereas Island is about extreme changes in our world views.Island is about looking at existence and reality from a sane perspective , and by this I mean that it puts human ends above all else . Why tolerate and perpetuate instituations and modes of thought that alienate humans from themselves , their environment and each other ? This book helps point out how much of our behaviour is learned , and how much of what we consider `` natural '' , is simply human construction.I think the best way to describe it is as John Lennon 's song Imagine , in book form.I think everyone should read this book .
 Huxley 's unique blend of utopia and appocolypse . This novel is a simultaneous blend of excitement , hope and dread . It is successful as a story because of it 's compelling story line , but also important as a fresh approach to ancient wisdom . Huxley is a master of dazzling imagery , and startling conclusions . This book will make you think !
 If Brave new world is the scientific forecast of future , Island is the utopia of living based on religion and spirituality.The book is so much in contrast to Brave New World , at the same time it reflects the degradation of humanity and mankind and how the inteference of foreign elements change the course of evolution for a small island . If you felt sad after reading Brave New World , this book will bring light and hope about the future we dont know .
 I finished this book two days ago and I ca n't stop thinking about it . I 'm no slack when it comes to knowledge about Eastern philosophy -- I 've been to Tibet and Nepal , into the monasteries , and made blessings at Buddhist Stupas . Of all modes of thinking , Buddhism probably best captures that essential element of all religions , that mystical and ever-present aspect of the universe . I 've never thought it reasonable , however , to extrapolate Buddhist thinking into a functional and at least semi-modern society . In Island , Huxley creates this -- an oasis of peace and spirituality in a working society that does not contradict its own Buddhist teachings . The book sharply and blatantly contrasts life on the Island to Western society and even Eastern society and their inherent problems . It 's obvious Huxley is trying to send a message , that the world does not have to be the way it is , but he explains it and gives examples of it so well that his obvious message comes through as realistic and reasonable . The end is sad , and yet hopeful , emotionally ripping , and yet you feel somewhat indifferent to this end , which is exactly what the book is trying to say -- that life has ups and downs and peacefulness can only be found when one lives detached from life 's vicissitudes.For all the English Lit . teachers out there , I 'll be fair and say that his message is thinly disguised . It 's right there out front and sometimes the book is even preachy . But , you only feel that * during * the book , and only in parts . By the time you finish though , all you can really do is say `` Wow , '' and if you really want to do the book justice , just sit there ... in a silence filled with awe and redefined perceptions . One more thing -- tonight , I downloaded Brandenberg Concerto # 4 , and I have to say , I know * exactly * what Huxley is talking about . -LRB- awed silence -RRB-
 This is truely an amazing book , Aldous Huxley was a genius . Although different from BNW in that the plot is a little slow , the ideas of society and the individual expressed in this book make it one of the most influential books that I ever read . Do n't read this book to be entertained , read it to be enlightened .
 In Island , Huxley takes all the devices that were used to keep a population dull and in check in his earlier novel , Brave New World , and sets them to a new purpose . Drugs are now used for enlightenment -LRB- see also Huxley 's works Heaven and Hell and The Doors of Perception -RRB- . Behavior modification is now for autonomy , not to control . It is a shame this book does not receive more attention , or even one percent of what its mirror image receives .
 Island is an excellent novel that , even after 50 years , remains relevant because the story line resonates in terms of how we humans consistently , perhaps not consciously , but most assuredly , and maybe even inevitably , undermine the foundations of utopia through our daily actions , decisions and attitudes .
 `` Attention ! '' cries the talking bird at the end of the book when tiny Pala , the island utopia its inhabitants have tried so diligently to perfect and stay apart from the world , is finally overrun via military intervention and a sellout within . The references to the birds , probably mynas or macaws in a tropical setting , screeching this admonition occurs throughout the plot and usually occurs as part of spiritual exhortations . But it was this final exhortation that woke me up at the end of the book , at the culmination of the final chapter which is one of the most beautifully written conclusions I have ever read . It was as if Huxley was saying to the reader `` wake up !!! '' before our own personal island , i.e. ourselves , our souls , our identities , etc. are overtaken by a ravenous and consuming outside world.This is what I take Island to really mean
 This is a `` thought-provoking '' book in the extreme - ten years after reading it , it still occassionally pops into my mind and elicits fresh insights . If Huxley 's Brave New World were a rye whiskey , this would be a fine 12 year old scotch in comparison . The prose is that much more refined and the thoughts that much more profound .
 I was a fan of `` Brave New World '' as well as Huxley himself and without hesitation picked up this enlightening book . I believe this book invokes numerous topics of discussion be it politics , capitalism , individuality , spirituality , etc. . I personally feel out of all those components I listed above Huxley emphasizes the concept of spirituality , particularly Buddhist philosophies . I believe Will Faranby was both a protagonist and a antagonist , but thats open to interpretation . Huxley wrote this book giving the reader an opportunity to see how spirituality shapes and impacts a persons perception of him/herself -LRB- the being -RRB- and the world . The book centered around the progression of Will Faranby 's introspective of consciousness . Huxley incorporated hallucinogenics aka moksha-medicine as being totally appropriate and relevant to the characters development , thus solidifying Farnaby 's introspective of himself . In essence , the moksha-medicine was an eye-opening , yet intense experience that ultimately gave the main character a deeper awareness to the world and his own personal existence -LRB- the being -RRB- .
 If I had to go to a deserted Island and could take one book with me , this would be it . Especially when looking at current petty international conflicts , it is rather sad to read about a society that cherishes love , intellect and cooperation . At the same time it inspires hope that one day we can start living up to our human potential .
 Like in his famous novel `` Brave New World '' , this is a utopian story , however in this case it is not a negative Utopia . Set on a tropical island and told from the point of view of a jaded journalist secretly helping an oil company interested in concessions , it explores Buddhist religion and possible alternatives to our lifestyle . No great revelations , but then , noone has the answers . A good read for Huxley fans and people who enjoy utopian stories
 I live in Uruguay , south america , bot the book on dec 28th and expected it at the end of jan. . By the 10th of jan I already had it at home . Nice job!I recommend the book , anyone who has read brave new world and liked it , will enjoy this one too .
 On the bright side , this novel is written late in Huxley 's life and is the summation of the incredible wisdom he amassed over the years.On the other side , it is a philosophical discourse on utiopia strung together by two-dimensional characters whose purpose is to present the opportunity for the next utiopian lecture.The first two chapters engege the reader in the flesh and blood of the protagonist who is fraught with moral and sensual dilemnas that the reader can identify with . Likewise , the denoument in the last two chapters returns the reader to a compelling flesh and blood moral struggling resulting in an intellectual and perhaps physical climax.While the intervening chapters on utopia are intellectually satisfying in that the reader may react with , `` yes , yes , that 's the way it should be ! '' the ideas are presented in a frustrating form in that , while a good novel keeps three-dimensional characters moving , Island makes many stops to allow two-dimensional characters to describe utiopian scenerios .
 I do n't know that I have a lot to say about ISLAND that other reviewers have n't said already . Your response to the novel will have a lot to do with how you feel about overt didacticism in art . Personally , I do n't really mind it as long as the ideas expressed are interesting , and , as I always do in Huxley 's work , I find his ideas very interesting ; you , on the other hand , may -LRB- quite reasonably -RRB- say that if you want to be preached to , you 'll go to church this Sunday . I probably would have responded much more readily to this novel had I read it , say , in my mid-twenties -LRB- which , ironically , was when it was given to me -RRB- - at 42 , I 'm afraid I 'm a bit too set in my ways to embrace it as wholeheartedly.This is really a book for people who are interested in Huxley 's thoughts on improving society and improving oneself who , for whatever reason , ca n't stomach non-fiction - for those who are free from such an aversion , I 'd recommend readingBrave New World Revisited -LRB- P.S. -RRB- andThe Doors of Perception and Heaven and Hell -LRB- P.S. -RRB- .
 One of my all time favorite books , glad to have a new copy
 For me , the most appealing feature of this work was the way Huxley combines great society-changes with personal development and joy . Too often people want to make the world better by being a pure and holy human being , which is off course impossible . In Huxleys Utopia society is completely adjusted to the best of human nature , but it 's still human nature . This is what makes the whole so realistic and valuable . The obvious question now is off course
 Huxley 's novel is set on the `` forbidden '' island of Pala , somewhere in the Indian Ocean . Some one hundred years before the novel begins , a doctor was called to Pala in an effort to cure the local King of cancer . He ended up staying permanently , and therewith influencing Pala 's social evolution.As fate would have it , the good doctor was blessed with an open mind , and so the distinctly Western influences he brought to Pala were benign - in fact helpful . Between his New Age science and the King 's Tantrik Buddhism , the island maintained a stunning balance between the Eastern and the Western . Everything clicked . Utopia.On the island , education is biological , spiritual , and deeply psychological . Teachers start with ecology , and gradually `` bridge '' to every other area of thought - even metaphysics . Although children are given all the time in the world to use their imagination , Pala 's teachers `` never give children a chance of imagining that anything exists in isolation . Make it plain from the very first that all living is relationship . Show them the relationships in the woods , in the fields , in the ponds and streams , in the village , in the village and the country around it . Rub it in . `` Religion on Pala was pantheistic and pagan in nature . Lots of references to Buddhism , Taoism , chanting , and inner spirituality . In fact , the book itself is a sort of spiritual tour de force , wherein Huxley promulgates another beautiful version of his Mind with a capital M theory.Industrialization of the island never really occurred as such . Instead , Palanesians embrace selective industrialization -LRB- no motor scooters , no Sears and Roebuck -RRB- and import certain technologies to meet daily needs - like massive refrigeration units to keep crops from rotting between seasons , and a small degree of electricity to support scientific research and whatnot.Pala 's sociological structure is strange strange Huxleyan strange . A mixture of social parenting , fertility control , and religious ceremonies involving `` moksha-medicine '' - `` the reality revealer , the truth-and-beauty pill '' - `` four hundred milligrams of revelation '' - the best way to keep the islanders from biting into the `` Tree of Consumer Goods . '' -LRB- Why chase the Western god of innovation when you can chase the dragon ? -RRB- As one of the natives , Dr. Robert , points out , `` We do n't give ourselves coronaries by guzzling six times as much saturated fat as we need . We do n't hypnotize ourselves into believing that two television sets will make us twice as happy as one television set . And finally we do n't spend a quarter of the gross national product preparing for World War III or even World War 's baby brother , Local War MMMCCCXXXIII . '' Instead the conduct more research on maksha , hone educational techniques , and make lots and lots war oldest enemy , love.Like any good utopia , a number of critical issues must be addressed head-on . The reality issue is one . On this note , Huxley scores a perfect ten . The book is very realistic ; so much so , in point of fact , that he drags the reader to the bottomless depths of `` Pure and Applied Pointlessness '' and the `` Essential Horror '' -LRB- the omnipresence of death , the precarious of all existence -RRB- before building and bridging into Pala 's social philosophy of `` Pure and Applied Mahayana '' Buddhism and `` Pure and Applied Science '' - a religious and practical science of optimism and wellbeing.It is only after diving and climbing out of these incredible depths solitude and despair that one learns to see again . `` Liberate your selves from everything you know and look with complete innocence at this infinitely improbable thing before you . Look at it as though you 'd never seen anything of the kind before , as though it had no name and belonged to no recognizable class . Look at it alertly but passively , receptively , without labeling or judging or comparing . And when you look it , inhale its mystery , breathe in the spirit of sense , the smell of the wisdom of the Other Shore . `` Nor does Huxley reconfigure human nature with a literary sleight of hand , making everyone good little boys and girls . Every society has the possibility of creating a Hitler , a Tito or a Stalin , and so does Pala . But it does n't . The Palanesians employ therapy `` on all fronts at once '' with an eye toward prevention over treatment . With detection , prevention , and four hundred milligrams of revelation , all problems are curable . Not the mention the love - which this island has in spades.All told , Huxley has given us a wonder utopia and , perhaps more importantly , a thoroughgoing critique of Western Civilization . A must read for anybody who wants to discover their inner `` suchness '' and reach the Other Shore , where all is illuminated . `` Sunsets and death ; death and therefore kisses ; kisses and consequently birth and then death for yet another generation of sunset watchers . ''
 this book describes aldous huxley 's vision for how human beings could live if we would acknowledge that we are neither perfect or fatally flawed ... just a group of animals living on a planet together . if we dealt with that , we could then use our big brains to minimize the suffering of life.the ending of this book is , though , a bit of a travesty . what huxley spends hundreds of pages building gets knocked away in just a chapter . another writer i know of , jean houston , says that she asked huxley about the ending of island and he said he lost the last bit of the manuscript and had to very quickly re-do it.happens to the best of us i guess . you will like this book , though , if your friends accuse you of being an idealist . funny how ` idealist ' is the word used to describe people like huxley , who look around them and despair because of their purely pragmatic knowledge that what we are doing now -LRB- as a society and a world -RRB- is not working .
 One of the best books I have read is Aldous Huxley 's ` Island ' . It is a take-off on the utopia theme and not his first one on it , the earlier one being ` The Brave New World ' . His ` The Brave New World ' was a brilliant trenchant satire , written on the premise that the human race has only two alternatives viz . being either insane or lunatic . ` The Brave New World ' was a fantasy fable . ` Island ' published in 1962 , 30 years after ` Brave New World ' was written by a much mellowed Huxley . Huxley 's premise had changed from the earlier one . He believed that humanity had a third choice , of being sane . ` Island ' is no satire , less fable like , the socio-political , economic system exposited in it is less fable like , and though might seem very difficult to realize , is not impossible if we all manage to be sane!Pala is a tiny -LRB- fable -RRB- island in the Indian Ocean , where it 's small community has made the best of western and eastern worlds . The inhabitants are basically Shivaite-Buddhists . They have adopted the western technology but not to the extent that the technology becomes dehumanizing and prevents them being full human beings . They have steered clear of the three pillars of the western prosperity : - armaments , universal debt and planned obsolescence . They have of course their tradition of empathy for all the living beings , their respect for the environment , habitat and the practice of their traditional mind science . The Community believes that God is immanent , man is potentially transcendent . The island 's enlightened community have attempted the enormous folly of trying to make a marriage between Hell and Heaven and succeeded at it . They have blended their tradition with western technology in a perfect synthesis . Rather , one of their prime credo is making the best of all the worlds.The book opens in a dramatic fashion . An English journalist on a secret mission to push the Oil interests of his tycoon boss is regaining consciousness an early morning on the fable island Pala . He had the previous afternoon procured a boat at the neighboring island -LRB- a separate country -RRB- and planned to sail into the Pala harbor . Unfortunately , he gets caught in a squall . Instead of sailing into the Pala harbor , he is washed ashore the wrong side of the Island with steep hills to be negotiated to reach habitation . Even as he is descending in the failing light of dusk , negotiating the slippery rain washed rocks , he espies snakes -LRB- not necessarily venomous -RRB- slithering around . Probably finding live snakes around for the first time in his life , he panics , loses hold and falls . Fortunately for him , this fall to the ground is cushioned by an obstructing tree . Still badly bruised , shaken and utterly terrified he loses consciousness . He regains consciousness the next morning with two Palanese urchins - a ten year old girl and a four year old boy - solicitously looking down upon him . The girl sends off the boy to get help . Meanwhile she feeds the famished journalist with bananas . The journalist is still carrying the phantom images of the slithering snakes though they are no more around . How the ten year old successfully administers therapy to the adult journalist to rid of the snakes crawling in his mind is one of the high points of the novel!One of the other high points in the novel
 I have to admit that I did n't find this novel as transformative as some readers did , but I 'm quite glad to have read it . Truthfully , it 's not much of a story , but it sure will give you food for thought and I expect Huxley 's ideas will stick with me for a long , long time.The protagonist of Island is British journalist Will Farnaby . Will is n't an entirely likeable character as the novel opens -- as is so often the case in these tales of redemption . In an attempt to escape his troubles , or possibly to escape himself , Will takes a day off from a Southeast Asian business trip to go sailing . A sudden storm sweeps in , and in the novel 's opening pages Will realizes he 's shipwrecked and injured . Luckily , Will has washed up on the exotic and little-visited island of Pala . This island-nation is a modern -LRB- or the 1960s version of it -RRB- Utopia.Will is discovered by some children who promptly go for help . It arrives in the form of Dr. Robert MacPhail , one of the island 's most respected citizens . Dr. Robert patches Will up , and he and other islanders indulge Will 's curiosity about their home . Over the course of just a few days , they introduce Will to every aspect of their most extraordinary society . From family life , medicine , education , and rites of passage , Will learns about Palanese life from birth to death.He meets many islanders , including the future Raja who is about to come of age , and his mother , the Rani . These two members of the ruling class have some very different ideas about how things should be on Pala . And their agenda may just tie in with a secret agenda of Will 's own ... It is this loose storyline that the plot consists of , but it 's actually a very minor part of the novel -- just a thread that runs through a lot of philosophy and sociology . Personally , I had a very limited interest in and tolerance for a lot of Eastern religious -LRB- mostly Buddhist -RRB- philosophy . But I really loved the sociological ideas Huxley put forth in his Utopia . Really , really interesting stuff ! For another reader , it might be the reverse . One way or another , I really have to believe the novel would be of interest to any thinking person .
 ... Huxley was a man of depth . I would recommend this book to spiritual seekers and open-minded intellectuals who would like to consider the ways in which our social structure could be improved . **** WARNING -- implied spoilers **** At times it became overbearing , as though it was a caricature of itself . Even tiresome , as we got the point hammered and hammered into our minds . A more pertinent book for the 60s and 70s , when most of these ideas were new . Although perhaps more applicable today , since we 've forgotten much of what we learned from the 60s . An island is a good choice for the location , since it 's geographically isolated . One problem , alluded to by Huxley , is that although the adults choose this lifestyle willingly , it is possible that many of the children who are born into it simply reject it and move on.Parents will appreciate the child-raising part -- those with an open minds understand that sometimes the relationship between parent and child is oppressive and it is good to get away those times . My wife and I trade off being with the children when they get really frustrating . It would be useful to have other parents around to help alleviate the pressure.The sexual thing is more difficult . Logically and biologically , open relationships between consenting partners in a series of loving , respectful romantic encounters should only strengthen society by allowing us to expand our ability to have compassion and empathy for others . However , it may be true that we are not at that threshold of evolution just yet , such that we can put aside our possessiveness and jealousy -LRB- which is borne of insecurity -RRB- . The turnabout of Will Farnaby was ultimately predictable . Although for awhile I thought he 'd sell out the island and it would all go to hell , as the story progressed I realized he would be converted -LRB- who would n't , with bliss-drugs and barely clad nubile girls rockclimbing and a serene , scientific , laid-back atmosphere -RRB- and the Palanese would take the oil exploiters into stride like they did everything else . The lesson of the book came near the end when Susila referred to this possibility , and dismissed it with the statement '' . . try to make the best of it , I suppose . Even in the worst society an individual retains a little freedom . One perceives in private , one remembers and imagines in private , one loves in private , and one dies in private -- even under Colonel Dipa -LSB- aka local dictator -RSB- . `` One thing that affected me was the Palanese reinterpretation of the Oedipus play . When they started I thought , oh brother , gim me a break . I ca n't believe Huxley would promote the revision of great literature . But when they explained it , I changed my mind . These are the archetypal messages we create our lives around . Altering them such that the protagonists have insights and grow would necessarily change the nature of Tragedy , but at what cost ? That our lives are not defined by hopelessness ? There is much to consider here.To answer another reviewer , he chose Mahayana Buddhism because it was a religion that 1 -RRB- Huxley identified with , and 2 -RRB- could be considered native to the region of Pala -LRB- his choices were probably only that and Hinduism , animism , or Islam -RRB- .
 I would n't want to live on Huxley 's Utopian Pala . I would n't be able to watch children starving to death on my 5 t.v. sets while thinking about how I am going to increase my income so that I can watch 10 t.v. sets at the same time . Life on Pala is much too earnest . Too much serious pursuit of health and happiness . I would need to let off steam in the same way that the Puritans had a respite from their quest for total goodness by frying a few witches . Total happiness is , like total goodness , too demanding . No wonder the residents of Pala do n't seem perturbed that an evil dictator might take over their paradise one day . They are secretly as fed up with the pursuit of happiness as any normal person would be . That 's why they choose not to use their superior psycho-spiritual skills to dreamweave the continued existence of their life-style . Virtually every ingredient of Pala 's utopian system exists , or has existed at some time in humanity 's history . If you end up calling this book a spoof it 's because your lifestyle , values , or values have been brought into question by Huxley 's probing book , and you ca n't find a reasonable reply . Huxley is angry at the rottenness of society , angry that nobody REALLY wants a less rotten society , and angry that people can not see that a less rotten society is NOT a utopian dream - that there IS a way to a better world.New Agers should get out of their sweat lodges , put away their crystals and read this book . Then they would really know `` What 's What and What It Might be Reasonable to Do about What 's What . '' Or at least have a better idea what New Age is really about , and how it developed . Actually everyone would benefit from reading this book . It should be compulsory reading in all schools . It helps removes the blinkers of rigid thoughts and beliefs . Although it is much more fun to watch WWF , sick movies , state-sanctioned murder by lethal injection , and bombs being dropped on foreign countries than to think or dream about , or try to create Utopia.But Utopian Pala is also bit like Life itself ? Both were created by the union of opposites . In Pala 's case it was a union of science and mysticism . In both Life and Pala people prefer not to think that existence as they know it might , or will , end one day . And if it must end - what comes next ? More of the same ? Some things continue while other 's do n't - like the soul might continue while the body does n't ? Or is the ending total , final , absolute ? Nothing continues?This book raises more questions than it answers - questions that will always demand attention . That 's why I liked it so much .
 In any Utopian novel , the author must deliver an almost perfect fusion of plot and theory that simultaneously captivates and inspires the reader . Huxley is not quite able to deliver here . In short
 Whether or not you agree with Aldous Huxley 's views of society and politics , this is a great story and riveting read . I think if you liked Brave New World you 'll definitely like The Island .
 An easy read . Island has an interesting fictional narrative of an ideal society located on a remote tropical island . Huxley 's story is loaded w / references of Eastern spiritual traditions and nonduality . Excellent stuff for those interested .
 The others have explained the book very well but I would just like to say ... if you have children and you hope for a better world for them , read this book .
 Inside a fantastic view of what life could be I found that the basic phylosophy works for most parts of our day to day lives.I really recommend it and I also believe that anyone who reads this book will have their perspective of life changed at least in a small amount in the best of ways .
 If you read a Brave New World you have to read also this one.Is the more mature vision of a possible better world from Huxley totally different that the first dystopia.It was written back in the 60 's but the book remains actual ...
 I absolutely loved this book ! Eckhart Tolle in `` The Power of Now '' actually references this book and that is how I heard of it . Despite the fact that much of the book is ruled by long monologues from the characters , I enjoyed it all . Huxley had an interesting view of what a society can become when it takes the best of the Eastern and Western worlds combine .
 Huxley gives us a lot to ponder in his `` utopian '' schemata . His satirical and humorous protagonist , Farnaby , was hilarious . His snide comments and thoughts made me laugh out loud at times . I felt Huxley 's writing style was much clearer and more accessible than A Brave New World and as a result I liked Island much better . Island reflects a great deal of cynicism about America and the world . Huxley attacks , among other things -LRB- 1 -RRB- consumerism ; -LRB- 2 -RRB- the cold war ideology of both the capitalistic west and the socialist east ; -LRB- 3 -RRB- religious suppression of the right of others to develop and practice their own sexual and other `` private '' mores and the use of the state to further this suppression ; -LRB- 4 -RRB- violence and militarism clothed in religion , progress -LRB- technological and moral -RRB- , and so called freedom ; -LRB- 5 -RRB- political and social corruption of corporatism and the power of corporations and those that control them to use their resources for political power.The key point I feel Huxley makes is that capitalistic or corporate power in the west is able to use it vast resources to obtain what it desires . Corporate power uses money , religion , and the greed of the State to pursue its ends . Had the leaders of Pala given into greed then the Island would not have suffered its eventual fate at the hands of an outside force -- but would have suffered an erosion of its `` utopian '' nature and everyone except the greedy would have lost in the end anyway . But either way it is clear that the corporate interests will take what it desires and use the tools of religious fervor and state power to further their own ends . Its key resource , however , is still MONEY -- and in pursuit of what ? -- more MONEY . The happiness of everyday citizens is sacrificed at the altar of corporate greed.Island was published in 1962 and really reflects Huxley 's views , I suspect , of the latter half of the 1950 's . Interestingly , the 1950 's are marked by -LRB- 1 -RRB- the true rise of consumerism and corporate exploitation of American demand for goods ; -LRB- 2 -RRB- entrenchment of the Cold War and suppression of individual rights and free thought based on ideological extremism -LRB- McCarthy , Hoover , John Foster Dulles , Castro , and Stalin are all towering figures of the 1950s -RRB- ; -LRB- 3 -RRB- the emerging battle and public expression of a new set of sexual mores which met a backlash by conservative/religious segments of society ; -LRB- 4 -RRB- The emergence of cold war capitalism fueled both by American defense corporations and the attempt of the Soviet Union to catch up with the west in terms of industrialization and military might -LRB- Eisenhower , during his Presidency , warned of the might of the military industrial complex -RRB- . Some argue the entire cold war was generated by the greed of American defense industries -LRB- this is far-fetched in my opinion -RRB- . The scary thing about all this -- the same set of circumstances can be said to have exit today , despite the end of the cold war . Certainly , the power of corporations to dominate the political agenda and decision making process is still intact . Whether this limits or threatens individual liberties and democracy is another question . Certainly it did in the 1950 's in America . It is amazing to me the correlation between the 1950 's and the 1980 's at the height of the cold war in American History . -LRB- For more information on the 1950 's in this country I would recommend a perusal of David Halberstam 's The 1950 's -RRB- . Huxley 's book is as timely and poignant today as it was in 1962 . The right or ability of an individual and a society to choose how it is going to live and progress is as impeded today as it was in the early 1960 's -- and by the same forces.Some rogue comments :1 . I found the discussion of `` maithuna '' or the `` yoga of love '' to be quite humorous . I especially liked Farnaby 's snide thought `` What shall be do to be saved ? The answer is in four letters '' . Is there really such a thing as `` maithuna '' ? 2 . The use of mind altering drugs for experiencing a different slice of reality was provocative . Huxley wrote a book called `` The Doors of Perception '' which I have not read . I found these elements of the book to be interesting and really wanted more explication on the subject .3 . The commentary on population control was also quite timely then and now . This exchange I found quite clear and commonsensical : Farnaby
 In recent years I became more and more interested in culture and cultural differences . In order to understand the latter you first of all have to know your own very well and at least one other . In my opinion Huxley managed to help me with both quite a bit . He provided me a foreign culture explained it , described it to the fullest . True it is fiction but this has the advantage of being complete while in reality it might take you a lifetime to get to know a culture as a whole.Huxley then makes us watch this culture clash with ours . At that point I realized that the absolute right or wrong does not exists nor does the only true way . I had to put my knowledge and my beliefs into perspective and question everything . I realized that different cultural backgrounds -LRB- in sense of a base of knowledge -RRB- not only lead to different actions but , even more important , also to different interpretations of what people say and how they react and do things . When I say Huxley made those two cultures clash I do not think of the British journalist interacting with the Palanese . The true clash in my opinion is the young prince of Pala . He is torn between cultures and tries to mix both not knowing that he is about to destroy paradise . You can watch that happen in a lot of countries . People are trying to import parts of foreign `` evident culture '' which is not compatible to their own `` deep culture '' . By reading this book I `` experienced '' cross cultural interaction - It changed my view on cultures and their interaction as much as living abroad did .
 If you liked A Brave New World , or , even if you did n't , this book is a must read . It 's been analogized to the Bible by those I 've lent it to , and I have yet to hear a bad word about it . If you are tired of reading sarcastic utopianistic literature , read Island . It is realistic , while being uplifiting and thought provoking . The only drwback is that its hard to find . .
 The nice cover art with the hodgepodged bird from the online item preview did not match what actually appeared in the mail , but I 'll disregard that in lieu of the fact that it was promptly delivered and in better shape than the seller had advertised . I 'd recommend this seller .
 To me the main value of this book was its advice about dealing with the perfectionism of a gifted child . Gifted-parenting books frequently bring up the problem of perfectionism , but I have not found much useful advice for dealing with it . Dr. Klein offers some practical suggestions and the insight that former gifted children may have their own perfectionist tendencies to reckon with .
 Very helpful opinion in this book . I have found myself in similar situation in this book . Great resource for parenting .
 This is an excellent resource for parents of gifted children . Klein provides some great examples of the errors parents too often make when dealing with gifted children such as over emphasizing the child 's one area of intelligence , and she provides examples so that parents can avoid these mistakes.She has an excellent section on the traps or myths society has about what giftedness means , especially within the educational system and how to address or avoid these.She provides an excellent chapter on how to talk to your gifted child so that the conversation is open , honest , and real . Finally , she emphasizes the need for balance and variety for gifted children and how to achieve that.I strongly recommend this book .
 This book is for anyone who has ever wondered if a child under their care might be gifted , and what to do about it . It 's full of affective approaches to a wide range of puzzling , exhausting , and endearing behaviors , and important considerations for educational options . The author has a friendly writing style and is a great source of comfort , confirmation , and inspiration ; I will be referring to this book often in the upcoming years .
 As a mom of a child who is about to be 4 and is reading at a first grade level , I found this book fascinating and comforting . I really enjoyed how the author really makes you consider your own background in education and encourages you and your spouse or partner to get on the same page . It also has explained some of my son 's behavior . I do have two negatives , though . The first is that it does n't offer an appendix listing contact resources for gifted parents , like parent support groups and such that can be found around the country . That would be extremely helpful . Also , the author mandates parents really have to expose gifted children to a lot of experiences to maximize their potential . This could include travel , museum visits , and even extra classes . This all adds up to a lot of money that may not be available to all parents of gifted children . A parent in that situation may be discouraged by reading this book , especially since the case studies seem to all involve more wealthy parents . However , I do plan to rely on this book as a resource as my child grows older .
 This book is terrific and hit the nail on the head when it came to my child .
 I have been searching for a book such as this . This book had me alternately laughing and almost crying because every single page had something that I could relate to . I loved the use of real life family case history to illustrate what works and what is disastrous . Many practical solutions were offered to effect order back into your home . This book helped me tremendously to understand both what my son is going through and why I feel the way I do when communicating with him . Great wonderful resource , I 've been telling other parents of gifted children that I know to run to the bookstore and get this .
 I am an Aunt to a gifted child and this book has really helped me `` get '' my niece and her world . Thank you , Dr. Klein !
 Raising Gifted Kids has helped me to understand my children better and we are a happier , more cooperative family . This book is my reference guide ; it provides clear guidance that is easily comprehendible and implement able . I found it so helpful that I gave my boy 's teacher a copy ; I recommend it to everybody who has an influence on a child .
 There is much to like about `` Raising Gifted Kids '' . The author offers some very helpful advice for those of us facing the challenge of raising an intellectually gifted child . I particularly appreciate her focus on being a `` good enough '' parent rather than trying to be a `` perfect '' one.The biggest issue I had with Dr. Klein is her elitist tone . She is an educational consultant who obviously has a well-heeled client&egrave;le . The impression she gives in her book is that all gifted kids come from affluent families , which is not the case . She describes each of the parents profiled in the book as `` So-and-so , a successful/prominent/stellar / up-and-coming/etc . investment banker/attorney/surgeon / executive/etc . '' The parents ' occupations are not relevant to the point she 's trying to make , so why even mention them ? She also has a tendency to mention luxury items in passing as if they 're a normal part of everyday life . Perhaps everyone in Dr. Klein 's social circle has a housekeeper and a gardener and takes travel `` adventures '' and enrolls their kids in multiple enrichment classes . But I personally found her elitist tone very off-putting .
 The author surprisingly is not a know-it-all but rather an astute observer of `` high-potential '' or `` gifted '' children . If you are a gifted adult you may find yourself wishing you had this kind of astute parenting ! This book will enable many mothers and fathers -LRB- and grandparents -RRB- to help give the children in their care rich and rewarding lives . Your kids do n't have to be geniuses for them to benefit from the author 's experience .
 The author uses her expertise in the area of child devlopment and her vast experience working with gifted children and their families to present a reader friendly guide to parenting gifted children . This book is an excellent resource for parents , teachers , school psychologists and principals .
 I found this book extremely helpful in identifying ways to help my gifted twins , one of whom is a traditional learner and the other is not . The book has great insight and information , plus plenty of real-world examples of how parents deal with issues unique to gifted children . One puzzling thing , though , was the notion that there 's an anti-gifted bias and that parents of gifted children are somehow seen by educators as meddlers or pushy parents . The author also seems to have the idea that public schools do n't know how to deal with gifted children . That has n't been my experience so far -LRB- our public school has an excellent GT & HGT program -RRB- and do n't expect it to be as my children get older .
 It 's the most approximately true I was looking for .
 This is an excellent teaching book on the `` next '' Ten Commandments for Christians . Dr. Moore 's personal experiences and humor make this an enjoyable book for all ages . Real life application with supporting scriptures and examples . Excellent reenforcement with examples .
 A bit simplistic at times , but got some good discussions goingin our Sunday School class -LRB- Methodist -RRB- . Would recommend itfor Contemporary Adult Sunday School classes or Bible studies .
 This is a very good book , we are using it in our Sunday School class . We have a good leader and class . Our class is made up of older single adults .
 Our Sunday School Class of Middle aged adults ordered this book for class study . We are having a lot of fun with it and learning a lot at the same time . Great Study .
 We all must be better stewards of the world . This book explains it in very simple language
 We are using this book in our Sunday School class for adults and it has been enlightening and thought-provoking . A good basis for some excellent discussion . Moore has always been one of my favorite authors for this type of religious educational material .
 I purchased `` The Top Ten List for Christians
 I loved Gorilla , so I picked up Pla/Cebo . What a great book . Does anybody know who Bachman is ? He is a fantastic writer , once I pick up one of his books , I ca n't put them down . I recommend Pla/Cebo and Gorilla highly .
 A thrilling story of get rich quick without scruples . It introduces the reader to excellent characterizations of the individuals involved . There is excitement through unusual circumstances including an extremely imaginative ending .
 Pla/Cebo is an excellent book . The author of this book is obviously an intelligent person . The story was gripping and the characterization was excellent . I give this book 5 stars and defy anyone to discover a greater novel .
 Go from rags to riches , get thrown out of an airplane , slide down peaks on a suitcase , fall into crevasses , and end up in a riotous surge of angry Africans ! What more could any novel offer ? Excellent ! Exciting ! Unique ! Read it !
 I live and work in Germany . Although I studied German in college , it was a long time afterwards that I needed to use the language again.My secretary ordered this dictionary for me . I just love it . It is worth every penny you 'll pay for it . It has everyday words , varying forms of words -LRB- some dictionaries only list the root word and not the variations ; you have to know the language to find an unfamiliar word , which kind of defeats the purpose of the dictionary in the first place ! If you knew the word , you would n't be looking it up , would you , now ! -RRB- Duden is the established Dictionary God Of Germany , but I really prefer the Pons . And forget the Langenscheidt . This is much , much better .
 I prefer `` Cheese Cake '' -LRB- pun intended -RRB- but regardless , this book will tell you how to find it , have it , eat it , and keep it too .
 William Cottringer 's book is outstanding . It is very informative and helpful , but also a very entertaining story .
 A very entertaining read !! I would recommend this book to anyone who is interested in improving themselves , either personally or professionally .
 A very amusing story that explains how to be where you want to be , in the easiest and quickest way . The book helps readers see straight through chaos to appreciate the value of simplicity in their lives .
 There are over 15 credible book endorsers for this new `` Cheese '' book which takes the hunt for your cheese to a new level . A must read for anyone interested in self-improvement . It is also a humorous read for mental health professionals and business managers alike .
 I recently `` discovered '' Michael Gilbert and have read several of his books , starting with `` Black Seraphim . '' I really enjoy Golden Age mysteries and Gilbert writes in that vein . -LRB- He has also written spy novels , but I have n't read any of those . -RRB- He writes highly literate cozies that have clever solutions . He 's not the best at characterization -- I sometimes mix up characters because they have n't been flushed out properly and some characters resemble each other -- but his plots move along nicely and the endings are satisfying , often with a twist and leaving me guessing until the end . In the four or five I 've read , there 's also been a slight romance , which is always nice.This novel takes place in a village where a terrible `` accident '' occurs , which touches off an investigation into house burglaries and secret identities . I liked the lead character , Liz , and the small touches of witty humor are quite nice.I enjoyed this mystery and recommend to anyone interested in traditional British cozies .
 Haacke 's book , a construtivist view on ASEAN 's development , is well-detailed and extensively researched . A meaningful contribution to ASEAN studies , for sure .
 Two likeable protagonists , with a great-grandmother in common , brought up in two very different ways enables the reader to see life under two very different sets of circumstances . Ann Sheramy , a very decent , well-meaning Southern belle , and Corrie May Upjohn , an intelligent young woman from the wrong side of the tracks , are thrown into war in Louisiana . Ann does not mean harm to anyone , however her entire way of life forces Corrie May to never be able to rise from her position in life . The author explains how the war changes this . Slavery forces those who think they are `` free '' to never be able to rise above the poverty level due to the fact that no one wants to pay for labor when the job can be done for free by a slave . Just like in Roman times , this means there is a large class of people with no work and no hope of anything better . They are expendable people . This means that instead of fighting for their own rights , these `` expendables '' fought for the rights of the plantation owners , and fought to keep themselves in a type of `` bondage '' . They had no `` rights '' to fight for . Read how the author explains this viewpoint . You will not be disappointed ! Also read how Corrie May 's bitterness over these circumstances leads her to make the choices she makes .
 This is one of the best historical fiction novels I have ever read . The story of Corrie Mae UpJohn a poor white girl in the South fighting for a better life for herself . Unaware , she is a cousin to the richest family in the region , Corrie Mae fights to stay alive with everything she has . This book made me see the true hardships of the poor during the time of the civil war . This is a book I will never forget .
 This book takes the story of the Larne , Sheramy and UpJohn families through the civil war and it 's aftermath . The author provides a very realistic portrayal of the upper class Larnes and Sheramys and the poor UpJohns , the latter having to struggle for work as the upper class had the slave labor to do most of the work for `` free '' . Also , the turnaround of the cultures in the aftermath of the civil war , the Larnes and Sheramys having to struggle to survive and keep their plantations while Corrie May was able to catch a coattail of a carpet bagger and his money.I have to say that `` A Reader '' in September 2002 summed this book up better than I could . Well worth the time to find this out of print book , I was able to get a copy from my local library . Please note , that the comment by `` A Reader '' in 1999 who called it smutty must be thinking about another book . This was as chaste as a book could be , and would be a good choice for a younger reader .
 Gwen Bristow is an amazing author . Her books may be a mite old fashioned , but she still packs an emotional , historical and cultural punch . Really a great read , as are her other novels . Do n't miss out .
 When I first read all three `` Plantation '' books by Gwen Bristow 20 years ago , I was so enthralled with them that I read them twice !! Well 20 years later and I just read all three of them again this past week . Great books that stand the test of time . Each book can be read alone but I recommend them as a series , loved them years ago and still love them !!
 I read the Plantation Trilogy many years ago when it came out . It was thought provoking then and it is just as powerful now . I gave this copy to a friend .
 I just recently discovered this author and she is my new favorite . This book is the 2nd in a trilogy and covers the period of the American Civil War . Ms. Bristow is an excellent storyteller and makes the history come alive as well as supplying new detail . Wish there were more books like this !
 The continuation of Bristow 's Plantation Trilogy is almost as good as the first . It 's so interesting to follow the Upjohns and Sheramys and see how the family changes as the generations flow by . I always love anything set in the Civil War , and I liked how Corrie May was able to see some different truths that most people do n't .
 Nowadays everyone has heard of the genetic code -LRB- in the singular -RRB- . There is a certain amount of confusion in many people 's minds , encouraged by the journalistic use of the phrase `` genetic code '' to mean what a biologist would call the genome , i.e. the complete DNA sequence for an individual . Nonetheless , there are plenty of good sources , ranging from the highly technical to the popular , to clarify the matter for those who want to be set straight.Marcello Barbieri is talking about something different , that is not only little known to the general public , but is also far less well known among biologists than it deserves to be . For him `` codes '' is plural , and he means more than just the familiar set of rules that say , for example , that when the triplet AAA occurs in an appropriate context in the DNA of a cell the aminoacid lysine needs to occur in the sequence of the corresponding protein . For Barbieri this is just one of numerous organic codes . Some of the others are also `` genetic '' , in the sense that they involve reading more from DNA sequences than just aminoacid sequences , but others are not , as they involve information coded into structures such as sugars and histones that are not nucleic acids.All this should have considerable interest for the biologist even if we just stop there , but Barbieri goes on to build a theory of evolutionary complexity on the existence of multiple codes . Each time a new code appears during evolution it allows a large jump in the complexity of the organisms that possess it , but it does not replace earlier codes , which continue to be used , and it does not cause the simpler organisms to disappear . Thus modern organisms constitute a sort of pyramid in which the simplest organisms , the bacteria , use the ordinary genetic code and nothing else . The simplest eukaryotes add to the complexity by using splicing codes as well -- still in the genetic material , but now allowing fragments to be combined in different ways , and thus interpreted in different ways . The most recent of his codes to appear in evolution is language , which distinguishes our own species from all the others .
 This is a wonderful story and fascinating piece of history for children as well as adults . As with so much in history , the more that is uncovered , the more it tells of the way things are today and why . As with many of the colorful stories from the annuls of New York , The Lost Village of Central Park illustrates a very important chapter in the history of the city as well as the nation . Educational as well as entertaining . The fact that such a place existed more than 100 years ago proves that which makes us the same far outweighs that which makes us different . As former grade schoolteacher , I think this book should be on the shelves of every school and public library .
 I had though the art of captivating storytelling in the realm of children 's historical fiction was long gone . The last and one of the best was Ben and Me . Not to mention the fact that intelligent prose directed toward but not insulting children has disappeared with the likes of greats like E.B. White , Judy Blume & Madeline L'Engle ... until now that is . Meticulous research has allowed Hope Killcoyne to create a captivating historical backdrop that most New Yorkers were n't even aware of including myself . Even as the story unfolded I could n't help feel a sense of sorrow knowing the timely end to what was probably a fascinating culture within the tapestry of NY . Nevertheless , Killcoyne takes what might have just been an interesting footnote in NY lore and weaves a modern folk tale of ingenious promise and heart . Characters well developed for any novel not to mention one for young adults , add depth and almost tangible realism to a time and era long forgotten and sometimes better off forgotten . Hope Killcoyne places her characters in a small pocket of the American landscape dwarfed by slavery and the dawn of Civil War allowing us to glimpse what might have been and what should be in a world too often blurred with self-interest and prejudice . Although some readers might be wary of the melodrama of a culturally diverse Utopia Killcoyne has pictured , there is nothing contrived about the story and intent behind this book . A highly recommended book for any young or old reader ... from any walk of life .
 I heard of this book through a personal connection , and I 'm so glad I went to the trouble of finding it ! I ordered it , thinking of my grandchildren , but I had a great time with it before I sent it on . It 's written so that a young person can read it herself -LRB- it 's a `` Chapter Book '' -RRB- , and an old person -LRB- me -RRB- can relate to the history and the location . There 's no `` talking down '' in it.It tickles me that this all took place some four blocks from where I now live !
 I thought that this book was an educational yet fun mystery ! The map at the front really helped me place what was happening , and relate it to what exists there now . I also found the main character , Sooncy , to be the perfect perspective through which to tell the story ! Overall , a fantastic book for anyone looking for a fun and informative read ! Best wishes to Ms. Killcoyne on future writing endeavors !
 There are few opportunities offered our children to learn an important lesson about both our own past and our nature as individuals than that delivered by Hope Lourie Killcoyne in her gifted story , `` The Lost Village of Central Park . '' Set in mid-nineteenth-century New York City , at the cusp of the construction of that seminal landmark of modern America , Central Park , Ms. Killcoyne 's lyrical narrative traces the factual history of Seneca Village , a real establishment in which African-American and Irish immigrants somehow co-existed peacefully in pre-Civil War America . Creating compelling and believable characters , Ms. Killcoyne provides today 's pre-teens with an invaluable and unique perspective on an important era in American social development , one which was cut curiously short by the idiosyncratic yet poetically inevitable advancement of New York City , through the creation of Central Park . The Park stands today , a monument to New York civic achievement ; what is lost is Seneca Village , perhaps an even more meaningful yet necessarily ephemeral reflection of all that is possible , yet also lost , in the American dream .
 Having lived in New York my entire life , I was surprised to find out about Seneca Village . I was never taught about the time , place , and events that surrounded the demise of that area of the city . The author successfully tells the story from the point of view of two young girls , one black and one white , and the strength of their friendship . It 's a great way to teach children about their past . There 's a lot going on here ... plenty to use the characters again and turn it into a series . I 'd certainly pick up the next one for my niece !
 I am teaching this course over the summer of 2004 and I find the organization of the book to be very good . I like that each of the sections covers one , and only one , topic at a time . This really allowed me to make a course that works for the summer -LRB- when time is severely limited -RRB- . The book is very straight-forward in its explanations . However , the exposition is very limited . That means the reader will have to work out a lot of the details.As a teacher , the book works for me . I can furnish , in class , all of the details that are lacking - that 's what they pay me for.For self study , I would not recommend this book because of the lacking details . I would have to go with the great book by Tenenbaum and Pollard for those that want to self study this subject.All in all , I really like the book 's structure - each section has exactly one point to make , and then exercises to test the one topic in that section . Also , every other chapter has a collection of `` miscellaneous problems '' that I pull from for the tests . The miscellaneous problems are great , because I can tell my students that those are the problems I am going to use on their tests -LRB- a subset at least -RRB- . That gets the students to work all of those problems -LRB- great motivation -RRB- . I would give this book 5 stars if an instructor came with the book . Otherwise , it is a good book that leaves many of the simple and intricate details to the reader .
 I was stuck with Boyce/DiPrima for an ODEs course & I did n't like it , but I found this one in their bibliography & it turned out to be much better . I think there ARE enough examples to make things clear , and lots & lots of problems to work through . Also , it does n't make a difference to me whether there 's a solutions manual or if it has mistakes because I never use one ; I just plug the solutions into the equation & see of they work . -LRB- I guess if there are mistakes , they should be fixed though -RRB-
 It 's a great addition to my collection of books in my field of research as it provides an excellent introduction to ODE 's . Also , considering the number of years it has been around , it is good to see that the interplay between Linear Algebra and Differential Equations is emphasized in a good part of the bookHowever , having a considerable amount of expertise in the subject , there are some minor issues I have with the book . These are not serious impediments .1 . The authors should consider creating an additional appendix in the back of the book listing answers to the exercises .2 . The techniques for solving equations should be presented in a different order . Some topics are presented too early in the book . For example , the technique of solving ODEs by Laplace Transform should appear later in the book . The purpose of using Laplace Transforms to solve ODEs is clear after a student has had a course in Complex Variable . Therefore , it can be postponed if an instructor runs short of time . A suggestion for future editions is separation of variables , exact equations , second order linear equation , higher order linear equations , systems of linear ODEs , series solutions , numerical methods , Laplace transforms , and PDE 's .3 . The author refers to the techniques of reducing systems of equations as the `` Calculus of Systems '' . there is no Calculus involved in this process.Other than these minor flaws , the book provides the student with a good foundation to the subject .
 I like the name but not the price - the differential between the cost and my budget covers a large area . Also , whats going on with teh 8th edition ? I doubt it is meaningfully different from the 1st . Or how about the 3rd , thats always a charm . All I can say is that its about math .
 Professor Richard Wright has succeeded where so many others have failed , by creating a textbook that makes the subject of environmental science relevant . After all , most students taking a course that uses this book are doing so because it 's required , rather than as an elective.As an adjunct professor of environmental science at Endicott College , I have reviewed many textbooks for possible use in introductory courses . This one is a standout , and based on feedback from students over the past four years , they , too , agree.The text is easy to read , and enhanced by many graphs , charts and photographs.David Liscio , adjunct professor , Endicott College , Beverly , MA
 If you 're interested in the life of Edward John Trelawny , you 'll have to look elsewhere . Suffice it to say that Tre ' -LRB- as his friends knew him -RRB- was a privateer , a scoundrel , a lover of poetry , a freedom-fighter and a loyal friend of the most prolific literary talents of the romantic period . `` Records of Shelley , Byron and the Author '' is an account , not of Trelawny 's extraordinary life & adventures , but of the two men that helped make that life so extraordinary . In his own words , he tells of the secret lives of Byron and the Shelley 's , their romp through sunny Italy and the tragic death of Percy in the coast of Spezzia . The tale continues as Tre ' follows Byron to the bloody civil war in Greece , where Byron too dies . To his credit , though , it is never `` Trelawny 's tale '' , but `` Byron and Shelley 's tale '' as told by Trelawny . This deep , insightful book shows the poets as only a close friend could . Yet throughout , one can not help but love Trelawny himself
 The lives and deaths of Shelley and Byron ought to interest the world -- not just the readers of English -- for their poetry covered every topic
 Lincoln Reconsidered is a collection of provactive essays that probe the multiple depths of Abraham Lincoln -- life and mythology . He paints Lincoln 's portrait onto the background of the sectional conflict that led to the Civil War . Originally published about 1961 , Donald 's stories remain fresh and relevant . In fact the reader will encounter the thesis and outline for his recent prize-winning biography of Lincoln . I first encoutered LR in 1962 when I taught Advanced Placement American History and assigned portions of the book to my students . They loved it ; you will . Donald is a superlative historian and stylist . Listen to these chapter headings
 Lincoln Reconsidered is a series of essays written by Donald prior to the publication of his award-winning biography Lincoln . First published in 1956 and now in its third edition , the essays have worn well , providing great insight into Lincoln the man as opposed to Lincoln the myth , much in the vein of Richard N. Current 's The Lincoln Nobody Knows . Had Donald accomplished nothing else this would be a valuable addition to everyone 's Lincoln reference library . But the value of Donald 's insights goes beyond those of Lincoln and his era . As a former Advanced Placement United States Government and Politics teacher , there is much in this slim volume that is instructive for our contemporary divided America , essays relevant and useful in today 's classrooms . And insights which serve as a warning , particularly his comment that , `` At only one time have rigid ideologists dominated our national government -- the Sumners of the North , the Jefferson Davises of the South -- and the result was near disaster . '' -LRB- p. 13 -RRB- Let us pray in 2013 that history does not repeat itself . In more or less chronological order Donald examines
 According to the author 's Preface , the publisher originally wanted to title this work `` Chips from a Historian 's Workbench . '' While awkward , that title was certainly perceptive . This book takes research that perhaps never found a place in other papers or books about Lincoln and uses it to show us a different way to see him and the events leading to the Civil War.This book contains numerous interesting bits of information about Lincoln although the one piece I found most interesting was the fact that Lincoln was a land surveyor for a time . Many writers focus on Lincoln 's limited education but a surveyor must have a good understanding of mathematics and by most accounts , Lincoln was very competent . This brings to issue the long standing belief that Lincoln had little formal education but , according to the author , Lincoln 's formal education was consistant with that received by young people at that time.There are some sections of this book where Lincoln 's name fails to appear and the reader might have cause to wonder if he is reading the wrong book . Fortunately , these little detours are not only interesting but help us see Lincoln and the Civil War period from a new perspective.I found this short book -LRB- about 200 pages -RRB- to be interesting and engaging . It was written by an author who understands how to communicate and keep the reader 's interest . I would recommend it to anyone having an interest in Lincoln or the Civil War .
 Famous Lincoln scholar David Herbert Donald first wrote this collection essays as he was preparing his monumental biography of Abraham Lincoln , decades ago . The collection , periodically updated and reprinted , hold up pretty well as an antidote to Lincoln the myth , offering instead Lincoln the man of flesh and blood.Many of the myths with which Donald does battle are still prevalent , and his thoughtful essays provide insight and context on a remarkable man , raised on the American frontier and largely self-made , who became a successful lawyer , politician , and wartime president . Donald discusses Lincoln 's background , education , his Whig politican background , and the adroit way in which he managed his administration during the Civil War . Among the touchy issues are Lincoln 's handling of the Emancipation Proclomation and his selective curbing of civil war during the rebellion . Donald acknowledges many contradictions , but offers some pathways to understanding a complex man whose life has been distorted by both historians and more recent politicians ; highly recommended to students of Lincoln and of the Civil War .
 For the mpost part any book by David Donald is worth the time and effort to read . This book offers fresh insights into the perception of Lincoln . Belongs on the shelf of every person interested in 19th century America .
 `` Lincoln Reconsidered '' by David Donald 1961History has always been an interest for me . This takes a bit of time and expands on it very nicely . It starts out with a nice introdution about Lincoln and his times , the people he knew and worked with , then goes onto the politics and war . It had some anecdotes that you never see anywhere else . It turns out that Linoln was not a rabid emancipationist , but a pratical president who did things as needed to be done . I wondered before why he only freed the slaves in the states in rebellion
 These puzzles are absolutely hilarious ! Yet again , I 'm blown away by the exquisite surprises , twists and turns . I 've been stumped on a few of them for a few days now , but I 'm not giving up ! Shortz is , hands down , a genius . Try your hand at the masterful art within these pages , and enjoy the furrowed brow and laughs !
 Oh where oh where are the crosswords that really make you THINK ? I 've been breezing through these and enjoying them , but I prefer a bit of a struggle .
 This 6 &#34; x8 &#34; book of 75 Thursday , Friday and Saturday puzzles , is a terrific mix of difficulty . To top it off , the clues are legible -LRB- not too tiny for middle-aged eyes ! -RRB- , and the paper is a quality thick stock . Perfect for any solver who enjoys the challenge of using a pen without all the messy bleed-through to the next puzzle . I wish all the crossword books had such high quality !
 Great value is right . Cheaper than paying the Times ; cheaper than printing free Times puzzles from the Seattle Times website . Use a razor knife to cut the pages out and do them on a clip board .
 Everyday Magic
 This book is a very informative , yet easy read about the realities of life and how patterns are repeated sometimes even unknowingly until honestly addressed and changed . That is where the power of this book lies in giving insight , tools , all with a touch of humor to make positive changes of direction in our lives . Highly recommend .
 The author takes the concept of `` memes '' into everyday life for the reader . This book is also very personal on the author 's life history . As an introduction to our individually selected attitudes , beliefs , and behaviors , it is very easy reading and the examples help our self understanding .
 I tried not to buy this book for a long time . It seemed like I could figure it out myself , and I have a lot of craft books already . There is something so wonderful , however , about having crystal clear instructions and all the right supplies right in front of you . With this book , there 's nothing to `` figure out '' -LRB- unless you want to vary the patterns -RRB- . You can just relax and make some adorable jewelry . These are quick to make and look quite nice . This is another Klutz book that I 'll take to the craft class I run with teens . My complaints about the book
 this great book provides materials for doing all the rings.the instructions are clear and easy to follow and there are great designs of rings too , like a beautiful butterfly on the ring , a vine ... this book is affordable and those who are interested in this , you can start on this book ! It 's gon na be fun !
 ... BR > This is an awesome book made by real people ... and by an awesome company ! My cousin has this book and I have done three of the rings already . They are easy to do and the directions are well explained and not too complex.The rings include
 I must say , this is another awesome klutz book . The instructions are clear and well illustrated and easy to follow . The rings are nice , and range from very simple to quite complex . And of course , you can always make bracelets and neclaces as well , just use more wire.The whole idea behind these books is just so well executed . The seem a little expensive , but they come with everything you need to get started , so really , they are n't . And it saves you that part where you buy the book and then run around spending all sorts of money to make sure that you have everything you need . Or worse , never making anything from the book because you ca n't be bothered to go out and get what you need . This book , or any of the other klutz books , make excellent gifts for the young or young-at-heart , just for this reason.One word of warning with this one . I dropped it , and the bead container top popped off . It could have been nasty , this book comes with a lot of beads , and they 're tiny ! Luckily , only a few were spilled , and I transferred the beads to something a little more secure.Buy this one and enjoy it . I also recommend hair wraps and hemp bracelets from the same series .
 My dds gave these as gifts to their friends recently , and EVERYONE loved them ! They have all spent hours making rings , and I must admit , they were really cute ! The directions were easy to follow , and my 10 yr old had no problem making them on her own .
 Hi ! Ok well I just ordered this book again for a niece of mine . I have the book at home and I just love it the instructions are so easy to follow ! I would recomend this to anyone who loves beautiful fashionable jewlery !
 When I was younger , I was given this as a gift and loved it . Now that I am older , I love getting and giving it as gifts too . It was shipping and delivered very promptly .
 Great project for a child with patience . Need to be able to focus on small items . The directions are great and they wind up with very pretty rings .
 I 'm an arts and crafts director for a girlscout camp , so I read a lot of craft books . Klutz really does have the best ones around . These rings are easy , the book gives you everything you need -LRB- but scissors -RRB- and there are several cute patterns . I 'm sure campers will love these projects . The only complaints I have are with the included supplies -- the bead wheel is cumbersome to use , and the colors mix easily . Also , there is n't much variety in beads -- but you can easily supplement with whatever you have on hand .
 My 9 year old son kept begging me for beading supplies to make me jewelry - not wanting to invest in a whole bunch of stuff that would end up on pipe cleaners and sewing thread bracelets , all over my house -LRB- and in the trash -RRB- , and maybe eventually in the wasteland of a passing interest , I got him the Klutz book so he could learn to make real wearable jewelry , and have all the materials he needed in one place , without alot of potential waste . I figured if he developed a lasting interest , we could go on from there.He spent hours pouring over the book and very quickly was able to make every ring with no supervision from me ! There are several projects , each with an increasing level of difficulty , but with simple enough directions and good photographs so that he could work independently and end up with a very satisfying and pretty product . There were some moments of frustration and trial and error , but that was the point - this was a good exercise in patience and perseverance , great practice for fine motor skills , and a vehicle for developing design and color sense . There are more than enough beads and wire for several variations of each ring and no need for any extra tools.Thanks to Klutz , all the important women in my son 's life have lovely little woven beaded rings . It would have been nice if there 'd been some boys pictured in the book making the jewelry too , but he was n't put off , and he even made himself a ring that because of his color choice looks like an exploding firework rather than a dainty flower . And as I suspected , this was a passing fancy , but one that he could develop further if he ever wanted to pursue it - and now he knows what supplies he will need and has the book for direction and a reference .
 this book is one of the most wonderful , amazing and inspiring ones i 've ever read . it changed my life . it inspired my own research , i suggest it for all .
 `` I have worked for 10 years with public school students who have Emotional Behavior Disorders -LRB- EBD -RRB- , at the elementary , middle and high school levels . I wish I had read `` Emotional Honesty & Self-Acceptance '' when I was in graduate school as it is tremendously useful in working for EBD students . I am generally disappointed with affective materials available to use with these students , as exercises and activities are often superficial , and kids know it . The concept of emotional honesty is simple to understand and rings true . It is truly a helpful tool when communicated appropriately , which Ron Brill does quite effectively in his book . The information is here to use or not use according to the readiness of the individual facing emotional stumbling blocks . This book can also help support and maintain the emotional health of teachers as well . It has certainly been personally very helpful to me . Many of my students told me up front that they were desperate to find something that could actually make some difference in the misery they face every day . The anger and depression present in most students seems so overwhelming and crippling , no wonder teachers and counselors are also unprepared for the emotional distress that pervades our schools . Many families are also overwhelmed to the point they also need emotional health education adocated in this book . It is simply one of the most important books I have ever read . The author presents so much potentially threatening material in a non-threatening way that it is easy to accept . This is a simple but powerful repair tool for complex emotional/behavioral problems we all face today . ''
 In his book Emotional Honesty , Ron Brill contributes to our basic understanding of human emotions . This readable book will be of enormous value to classroom teachers , parents , and others who live or work with children/adolescents because the author carefully explains the distinctions between `` healthy '' -- and the more common `` unhealthy '' -- manner in which we deal with our own feelings as well as the feelings of others around us . In light of our nation 's current inability and/or unwillingness to meet the emotional needs , issues , and problems of millions of our children , I believe that this book provides an excellent basis for individual and group study and reflection .
 Ronald Brill 's Emotional Honesty & Self Acceptance is an excellent resource for everyone , especially those working with children . The strategies in this book helped me turn `` wounds into wings '' with hurt high-risk teens in a community school . I have witnessed angry , self destructive , depressed and suicidal teens turn around and express their internally trapped hurt and sad feelings in a safe place , the classroom .
 As Ron Brill writes about the principles of emotional honesty , he is able to shed light on the mysterious world of emotions . He examines the pretenses and hidden defenses that children and adults employ as emotionally dishonest ways to deal with -LRB- or avoid dealing with -RRB- hurt feelings . He offers specific strategies to help people become emotionally honest by accepting , listening to , and taking responsibility for painful feelings . Teachers can play a critical role in this emotional education process , providing students with the skills that will enable them to handle their everyday wounds immediately , openly , and honestly before they build up and erupt into violence or self-destructive acts.As mentor to elementary school children and as grandmother of two teenagers and four preteens , I found this book fascinating and very helpful . I better understand the painful and wounding feelings that young people struggle with . I believe this will enable me to be a more sensitive , active listener as I encourage young people to share and explore their feelings . This book is an excellent resource for teachers and parents . Ron Brill paves the way for a critical new discipline of emotional education as he opens the door to honest communication .
 I took up golf at 60 , never swung a club in my life , and this was the first book I stumbled opon . On my first day out I was whacking drives as well as my experienced golf buddy . -LRB- Okay , not all of them , but a lot ! -RRB- Playing twice a week I can keep up with him on many holes . -LRB- Okay , my putting still stinks , but still ... -RRB- The book covers everything the beginning addict , er , golfer needs . From gear to rules , grip to stance , problem corrections , and even some advanced techniques . I 'm not a visual person , but the photos are so clear and so simple , that even I can `` get it . '' The author does n't overwhelm you like some other experts do . It 's just the basics . But if you read and absorb what 's in there , you 'll be amazed at how well you 'll do ! Do n't even think of buying a book from a `` name '' until you 've mastered this one - seriously , it 's that good.This book taught me to play golf . If you 're new to the game , get it , read it , reread it , and reread it some more.No brainer - 5 stars
 This is a very straight forward , no nonsense/common sense presentation of enlightement , or liberation , presented here as `` neutrality . '' It explains the nature of ego , suffering and explores away the notions of free will , non-violence , reincarnation , spiritual identity , meditation , `` the meaning of life '' and many other forms of bondage in a very concise , unpretentious and simple manner , leaving a possibility for `` the understanding '' to dawn of itself in the emptiness where these notions once were held true . Highly recomended
 ' ` Living from Neutrality ' by Justus Kramer Schippers is not an introduction to Advaita but , rather , is an excellent seminar in that philosophy . Neither sweet nor patronizing , Schippers is a plain-spoken adult who expects his reader to be an adult , as well . I enjoyed Schippers ' insights and expect to read this book several more times in the forthcoming years .
 This is another great book in The New Adventures of Mercer Mayer 's Little Critter series . Little Critter has to do a science project for school , but he really is n't sure what to do . It seems like everybody in his class has a great idea except him . His Mom takes him to the library for some ideas , but none of them seem to work out . Eventually , Little Critter comes up with his own great idea -- and it really takes flight!This book comes with twenty stickers . They 're great for decorating the book itself , or anything else that needs decorating.This book contains info on a Little Critter contest . The grand-prize winner received a set of eight signed Little Critter books . The contest deadline has long passed , though .
 I downloaded for my grand kids and they love it ! Mercer Mayer is such a creative artist . I love his books .
 for pregnant mothers ! It covers all , solve all doubts and is full of useful tips !
 PARA LOS PADRES QUE ESPERAN UN BEBE , AUNQUE SEA EL TERCERO O EL CUARTO ... Las orientaciones son espl&egrave;ndidas , llenas de conocimiento y sentido comun ... y no terminan con el parto ni comienzan con el primjer mes de embarazo ... LO ABARCAN TODO , COMO LO DICE SU TITULO ! EXCELENTE ! NO TE LO PIERDAS !
 las m , ujeres embarazadas o por embarazarnos ... LO ABARCA TODO , DESDE LA CONCEPCION HASTA QUE EL BEBE CUMPLE UN A&N tilde ;O ... Dulce , sabio y ameno ...
 joyful and scared by my absolute ignorance on the matter ... This book is so complete , that I lost my fear , kept my joy and never needed another one !
 Los primeros meses de embarazo son las m&aacute;s importantes , ya que es cuando es la gestaci&oacute;n del bebe ... Aqu&iacute; encontrar&aacute;s toda clase de dudas respecto al embarazo . TE SERA DE UTILIDAD !
 PLENO DE INFORMACION COMP&Agrave;CTA ... UNLIBRO HONESTO QUE CUBRE DESDE LA CONCEPCION HASTA EL A&N tilde ;O DE EDAD DEL BEBE SIN HACERNOS GASTAR EN VARIOS LIBROS ! FAAABULOSO !
 Remember the episode of Seinfeld where Kramer wrote a coffee table book about coffee tables ? Well this is a TV book about ... TV 's . Not TV shows or TV actors , but that glorious box from which we derive so much entertainment . Specifically this is about TV of the 50 's and 60 's and one of those retro , pop-culture books that Collector 's Press does so well . Through this collection of vintage advertising and lively bits of trivia , we see the development of television throughout TV 's golden age.We 'll see as TV 's develop from tiny 10 '' screens in mammoth , radio-type cabinets , to 21 '' color TVs in the 1960 's . Along the way you 'll revisit long forgotten brands such as Spartan , Capehart Farnsworth , Arvin , Air King , and Crosley . You 'll chuckle at what passed for a portable TV with the large , box-like models from Philco and G.E. . The ads tell the story of TVs advancement as they tout new antennas designed to give better reception in those pre-cable days and Westinghouse 's new models for 1954 which were supposed to cut down on glare if watching in a dark room.In those days , the TV was as much a part of the d&eacute;cor as any other piece of furniture and manufacturers gave customers a wide selection of different wood cabinets to choose from like cherry and maple . Some even housed radios making the first entertainment centers . TVs came in a rainbow of colors in the 50 's and 60 's too , especially the portables coming in bright reds , light blues , and yellows . Tacky ? You bet ... a lot more fun than today 's cookie-cutter models.And do n't forget color pictures ! TV Wonderland presents the very first color TVs such as the RCA Victor Color which started at a whopping $ 495.00 , quite a sum back in the 1950 's . The book is also sprinkled with interesting bits of trivia . As a testament to the popularity of westerns in the early days , during the 1958-1959 TV season seven of the top ten shows were westerns.This is a marvelous little book . Well written with hundreds of classic advertising that will make you yearn for the days of your black & white Zenith !
 The shipper had great curstomer service and there was no delay in me recieving their product . I usually get books one month late , I got this one in a week . Was happy over all .
 Delightful book . Thoroughly enjoyed it . A great look into life in the 1890 's and a close and colorful family .
 I enjoyed the humor and also the gentle manner in which the author writes about his father . Father actually sounds like he 's a domineering , arrogant man but the author sees him as being a typical man of that era & writes about him with love , laughter , & as if he 's kind of a hero in the home .
 I just got this book and I am having a wonderful time reading the anecdotes of life in Victorian New York with an eccentric father . The humor is gentle and quiet , if you want outlandsih jokes the this is not the book for you.Of course , some of the customs and actions of the characters may seem odd by modern standards but we must remember that everything changes with time and in 150 years , people may look back at our culture and wonder if we were crazy.Still , in spite of its age , the humor of the book has held up remarkably well . Perhaps we all know a `` father '' type , an eccentric and bossy person who is somehow endearing nonetheless.So , do n't obsess over the un-politically correct attitudes of the time covered , just enjoy the quiet humor and learn about a time gone by .
 I loved this book as a preteen and I loved it , and the sequel `` Life with Mother '' too . Mr. Day paints an accurate picture of life in the early 1900 's for a middle class family . Yes , his father is rude and a bit obnoxious , but watching him is very funny . He loved his wife and family and while he blustered and yelled , they loved him . I enjoyed this book and thought it was great .
 These are very amusing sketches of family life in New York in the 1880s and 90s . Clarence Day Seniuor is a larger-than-life character , autocratic , excitable , with strong likes and dislikes . I was a bit startled to read a previous review that spoke of his 'em otional abuse ' of his children . There is no abuse , emotional or otherwise , in this book . Mr Day clearly adored his family . Another reviewer says that Day Snr ` disrespected his wife ' . Again , I see no evidence of disrespect in this book , Mr Day obviously loves his slightly eccentric wife to distraction , and in their frequent clashes of temperament she almost always succeeds in getting the better of him . The chapter where she departs on a lengthy trip to Egypt , leaving him pining for her , is particularly touching . This is a charming book , much more amusing than the pleasant but rather bland film that was based on it .
 Life with Father is a collection of anecdotes by Clarence Day , Jr. , mostly having to do with his childhood and primarily involving his father . The primary reason Life with Father is so fascinating is because Clarence Day , Sr. is larger than life . The man is domineering , meticulous , and tyrannical , yet is also , in his own way , loving and good natured . His interactions with his wife are particularly entertaining.Many incidents reported here occur in the 1880s and 1890s , and this book provides great insights into nineteenth-century American life . The chapter on how the family first came to own a telephone particularly shows how very far America has come.Day 's writing style is typically matter-of-fact , excepting a few occasions , particularly when he writes about himself . This style serves to highlight his family 's absurdities , which is where much of the humor comes from.Worth mentioning here is the marvelous 1947 film starring William Powell , which is based on the play , which is in turn based on Life with Father and several other of Day 's books . Neither the book nor the movie draw a large audience in the twenty-first century , but a number of people do come to the book after seeing the film , and filtering the book through the lens of the movie 's cast does help accentuate its humor.Life with Father is an excellent and humorous book , perhaps best read in small doses so as not to dilute the effect . It is also a very interesting window into nineteenth century America.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
 `` Life With Father '' by Clarence Day is such a charming memoir ! I fell in love with this book and I liked how it was set up . The chapters marked different events that stood out in Day 's mind . I like that over just a plain memoir , going through life in chronological order . I liked the witty humor , and Father seemed very humorous . This is just a great book to sit back and read the day away with ! I recommend .
 Humorous look at life in the Day household . The author paints a vivid picture of life with his parents
 I loved reading this book growing up , and I still reread it about every five years . Some reviewers have complained about the father 's behavior , and certainly in 2004 no husband/father could behave as he did . However , for the period in which the story takes place -LRB- the 1870s/80s -RRB- , the father is pretty typical and clearly loved his family a lot . The chapters about the author having violin lessons and sharing mail with his father are particularly good . For people who understand that customs and society itself were different in earlier times , this book will be a delight .
 I was captivated by the hubbub that seemed to erupt often in the Day household . Traveling back to a time long past and being told of society 's customs was a treat . Witnessing Mr. Day 's frequent outbursts was entertaining as well . And what of Clarence 's two-week stay in Chicago for the World 's Fair , which cost him only $ 48 ? Imagine that today ! Mrs. Day had such a singular way of handling Mr. Day ; I found it hard not to admire her fiesty spirit . Mr. Day was domineering by today 's standards , but Clarence even remarks that it was clear his father loved the family dearly .
 Having long been a fan of the 1947 movie of the same name , reading this book was long , long overdue for me . While reading along I could n't help but imagine the cherished William Powell and Irene Dunne having at each other . It does make me wonder how the story would have struck me without the pretext of the movie to look back on with such strong visuals.The Clarence Sr. of the movie is tempestuous and cantankerous of nature but fundamentally one is left with a positive impression . The viewer never really doubts that he is a good man at heart but one can not avoid the conclusion that he would be a royal pain to live with . Perhaps in part this is Powell shining through in the role but no matter how many times Father storms about the house at the end of it all you do still rather like him.Father of the book is just as blustery and just as much of a tempest in a teacup but it costs one quite a bit more effort to like him . The author himself -LRB- Clarence Jr -RRB- goes to small and periodic effort to endear the reader to his father but the attempts ring rather hollow like a man whose protagonist is watching over his shoulder as he writes . There seems just an edge of boyhood resentment that is very carefully scraped off in the movie 's portrayal of Father.It is also of note that while the cinematic version is relatively connected and sequential the book takes no such formalities . It seems to jump rather randomly from episode to episode and one is left asking periodically in what decade the particular tidbit is taking place . As such it makes for a very light read but one that requires the reader to throw away any notion of cause and effect.The thread that I came away with most solidly from this bit of literature was less about the book and more about the movie which came after . Powell 's Clarence is eerily like the Clarence of the text almost as if the role was made for him specifically . The romantic and nostalgic side of me wants to believe that this is because movies in the 40s were a craft and that viewers would notice and object strongly if their beloved characters of fiction are tinkered with even in the slightest . The fact that the plot itself , if you call a disconnected episodic assortment of remembrances a plot , was only remotely similar seems of little import . In these not-entirely-to-be-believed halcyon days of yore it was character that was important to the viewing public . Today all we want is more and bloodier gun battles between larger and more foul-mouthed devotees of thuggery.If I allow myself to wax realistic for a moment I admit that doubtless my palate has been so repeatedly whitewashed by the movie version of Clarence that I 'm not longer intellectually capable of seeing a Clarence Day Sr without seeing William Powell . Psychology of repetition and ordinality aside , Day 's 1920 novel is high on my recommended reading list .
 Life with Father is a collection of anecdotes by Clarence Day , Jr. , mostly having to do with his childhood and primarily involving his father . The primary reason Life with Father is so fascinating is because Clarence Day , Sr. is larger than life . The man is domineering , meticulous , and tyrannical , yet is also , in his own way , loving and good natured . His interactions with his wife are particularly entertaining.Many incidents reported here occur in the 1880s and 1890s , and this book provides great insights into nineteenth-century American life . The chapter on how the family first came to own a telephone particularly shows how very far America has come.Day 's writing style is typically matter-of-fact , excepting a few occasions , particularly when he writes about himself . This style serves to highlight his family 's absurdities , which is where much of the humor comes from.Worth mentioning here is the marvelous 1947 film starring William Powell , which is based on the play , which is in turn based on Life with Father and several other of Day 's books . Neither the book nor the movie draw a large audience in the twenty-first century , but a number of people do come to the book after seeing the film , and filtering the book through the lens of the movie 's cast does help accentuate its humor.Life with Father is an excellent and humorous book , perhaps best read in small doses so as not to dilute the effect . It is also a very interesting window into nineteenth century America.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
 The set was received in good condition , as was advertised . I 'm pleased with the purchase , though the shipping took about two weeks .
 This elegant hardcover book with gold-embossed wreath is agreat gift . Its line-engravings , over 25 of them , make it a classiccollectibles . My family created our own Christmas Carol dinner using the book . Dinners and feasts based on the book are staged nationwide at historic hotels and as a part of Gerald Charles Dickens ' American Holiday Tour . The book was written by his mother and father , past president of Dickens world-wide Fellowship .
 A friend gave me this book several years ago . I loved it then and used it to plan a special Christmas dinner with friends . It was so successful that I was afraid to use it again , so I gave it away . When it was my turn to host a book club this past December , I chose &#34; The Man who Invented Christmas &#34; . Well of course I needed this book &#34; Christmas with Dickens &#34; so I bought it . Same result , successful party . I wo n't be giving it away again .
 Would you at the age of 25 leave home and go sailing around the world ? Most of us would want to but only few of us would do it . William Albert Robinson was one of the few who took the adventure . It took him three years , three months , and nine days to do it . Robinson encountered cannibals , and head hunters , and Arab tribesmen who captured him and held him for ransom . He escaped them several times to continue on . He was also a keen observer of social life and customs in the South Pacific Islands . It is entertaining and informative book to read . You will not regret it .
 I received this today and it was in perfect condition . I figured buying a used journal that was so inexpensive would be just alright but honestly , it seems brand new and for the price I paid , that is a miracle . I had this same book for over 20 years sitting around after my mom had been on a medically induced diet and used it for about a week but then it just got beat up and tossed from box to box . When it came time to actually want to use the book my daughter and I were going to just rip the used pages out of mine and make her an identical one by copying the pages until I thought MAYBE I could find it on the web . I have never purchased a used book online before and was a little nervous but I will definitely consider buying more items from 4Madhatters books . I ordered the book in the middle of the night on Sunday and even with a holiday this week I have already received it and like I said it is in perfect condition . I will definitely USE this book this time around and hopefully be able to learn something from it and lose some weight in the process : -RRB-
 Every once in a while we need comfort and wisdom . This little book has both through quotes from famous people along with pages of questions and possible answers . Going through a loss ? Check out the chapter `` Good Mourning '' and then follow up by reading the chapter `` Learn to Let Go '' . Even when one knows the answers to one 's questions this book can provide reassurance
 This is an easy to read book full of fun quotes and profound wisdom . It tells us a lot about ourselves and guides us in dealing with the world and others . I have read it twice and have enjoyed the audio tapes when on a trip . It 's a real upper .
 I HAVE THE HARDCOVER COPY OF THIS BOOK AND THANK GOODNESS I ONLY LOANED IT OUT BUT NOW I MUST BUY MORE FOR THE PEOPLE I KNOW will benefit from it or I will never see my original again !!! Better get myself an extra too . Great read , and reference too ... I go back to it all the time !!!! Nancy Sloughter
 This book changed my life in countless ways . It challenged me to do alot of soul searching but was full of humor at the same time . It took what I knew to be truths about life and made them a reality for me .
 This book blows me away . Puts life in perspective and teaches us to lighten up and move on . Bravo .
 After reading Ai n't Nobody 's Business , I purchased this book . Again Peter McWilliams delivers the goods in a well written , common sense manner . I would not rank this as just another feel good self help book as it 's much more than that ; well worth a read .
 There are many funy things about money , wishes and so on . I smile every time when read their . When I have some problem in my life I get this book and read from any place I opened the book . And all the time I start to feel better .
 I absolutely love this book . I got it about 15 years ago when it first came out . It 's a book that talks about personal growth , and about improving yourself mentally and spiritually . It teaches you to overcome obstacles , gives you inner peace of mind , and tries to instill a positive attitude for living life . It 's all over the map - it talks about all sorts of stuff in a fun way without being too `` serious '' about itself . There are tons of uplifting and insightful quotes throughout the book , and the chapters are highly educational , inspirational , and eye openers . They are written in a non-lecture way with relative short easy to read chapters.Highly recommended if you are the type that desires constant self improvement , are willing to try new things , and want to have a positive outlook on life . It 's also quite a philosophical and spiritual book -LRB- without advocating any particular religion -RRB- . The world would be better off if people followed the book 's advice . The book is non-judgmental so use the parts that help you , and you do n't have to use the parts that do n't . I just `` found '' the book again , and I am re-reading some of the chapters . Great stuff . I am reminded of how good it was.You can see if you like the book by checking out the free online version . Just do a search for the author 's name on a search engine .
 I first read this book in high school . Since then I 've read the book 2 or 3 times and have learned something new each time I read it . It puts forth a great philosophy on life that has had a huge impact on my life.One note to readers is that the book takes a long time to set everything up . I 'd advise anyone reading it to stay patient for the first 100 pages . It 'll be worth it in the end .
 This book is so powerful and up lifting . Anytime I feel down , I pick it up , and inevitably it picks me up , too . It is such a wonderful lesson in life and dealing with what you can not change and changing what you can not deal with . Anyone who knows that they do not know it all should pick this up . And , anyone who thinks they know it all should pick it up , too . Outstanding !
 I must 've bought over a dozen copies of this book . It 's incredible ! Read it . It will make you think and laugh . A lot . You 'll wish someone had given it to you when you graduated from high school.If you have kids going off to college , give them this book to read on the way . They will thank you . Buy and read everything you can find by Peter McWilliams!I also highly recommend his book `` Ai n't Nobody 's Business If You Do - The Absurdity of Consensual Crimes in Our Free Country '' -LRB- you can read it online but you 'll want your own copy -RRB- . I lend these books to friends and never get them back and have to buy additional copies . You might as well buy five or six copies while you 're ordering.McWilliams died in 2000 while out on bail fighting an arrest in California for using marijuana for medical purposes . He was required by the judge to turn in urine samples to make sure he was n't still using it while on bail . The judge also told his attorney he could not tell the jury that McWilliams had AIDS and had used the marijuana to ease vomiting -LRB- he died choking on his own vomit -RRB- . Read ALL his books , share them , give them as gifts . You 'll love Peter McWilliams!And NO , you ca n't borrow my copies.Ron in New York
 I read this book in my early twenties and it really changed the way i viewed the world . Just read it again 20 years later and found that i was still doing some of the things mentioned and learned a few more . Buying a copy for my 17 yr . old neice to help her see the world differently too and to hopefully use the tools he provides . LOVE LOVE LOVE this book !!
 This book is a compilation of one to two page reflections about the many situations life seems to find us in . Interesting take on many ideas . I especially liked the comparison with viewing life as water . Water does n't ` hold on ' or ` cling to ' people or things . Instead it flows . You ca n't hold water in your hand . It keeps moving on , doing it 's work . I think of this line often as I sit on the beach or on a pier over my favorite lake . I watch the water and I see how it just moves along , not permanently attaching itself to anything . Good book !
 I have always loved Peter McWilliams poetry.He had the most impact on my style of writing poetry -LRB- Poems in the Key of Life ... a Journey -RRB- . I never knew he wrote non-fiction books . When I could n't find his poetry books I came to Amazon to purchase them again . This is when I saw his non-fiction work . I bought one . I loved it . It is a useful guide how to go through life with less distress . He does it in a witty , amusing and easy to understand way . I think everyone should read his books . I plan on getting the rest of his work . I have no doubt I will enjoy them as much as I have this one .
 When I was a Senior in High School I took an AP Psychology class and the teacher used this book . This book has helped me so much in life . It helped me understand all those awkward teenage years . Helped me deal with an abusive , destructive blended family and helped me learn about myself and my own dysfunctionsd . This is a wonderful book that is very easy to read and something that every one should read .
 My high school teacher gave it to me as a gift over 10 years ago , I still find it fascinating and insightful . For people who like quotes about life , this is a must-have . It 's an easy read for everyone , and makes you think . I definitely learned something about myself .
 Want to make a change in your life and you do n't know quite how ? Buy this book and read it , chapter after chapter , leaving about a week between each to ponder and let it sink in . It 'll do you and the rest of the world a lot of good .
 my book was in great shape and got to my house in good timing thanks hope to do more shopping with you again
 Three things about this book that stand out -1 . At first glance , it may seem like very deep philosophy but the authors use a writing style that makes it difficult to accept this as serious philosophy . The authors have a unique writing style where it feels like they are someone you know well that are telling you this stuff at a dinner table . Maybe , they are trying to get their points across by writing this way since the average person avoids heavy philosophy books .2 . You can open the book anywhere and start reading without losing the gist of what the authors are saying . The hundreds of topics are written in an independent way that makes it easy to read any one of them without missing anything that the authors are trying to communicate . There are plenty of proverbs , quotations and deep philosophical insights in each topic -LRB- each topic is not more than 2-3 pages long -RRB- .3 . The most striking thing about the book is the way in which the authors address each and every topic . They talk about things that most of us have been taught not to discuss in public . Some of their statements sound like cliches but somehow the authors manage to keep the words in each topic interconnected and not seem out of place.A lot of people have the attitude that they are better than this book . By writing in a simplistic way , it is possible that the authors are responsible for creating that impression in the reader 's mind -LRB- this is simple and irrelevant stuff , no need to write a book about it -RRB- . But this is one of the best books out there on Life . I would definitely recommend that you own a copy of this book and read it cover to cover whenever you have a few minutes to kill . It is very easy reading but fulfilling at the same time . Enjoy !
 I found this book in 1991 . Nothing prepared me for the life-changing power in its pages !!! This book says in plain language what every philosopher , thinker , wise man , and `` guru '' has said from the beginning of time . It is arranged so that you can open up to any page and get benefit . After putting the tools in this book into practice , I began to experience life in a very new and dynamic way ... Reading this book was my moment of `` aha ! '' The ultimate in New Thought and practicality ... Beware though , in these pages is hidden dynamite !!! Your life will change if you work the steps . . I gave 50 copies of this book away !! It works ... I give it 10 stars , but they only are giving me space for 5 ... Get it and ENJOY !!
 Life 101 changed the way I look at myself and my relatioship to my life . I have used it as a text in classes for nearly eight year with teachers and drug abuse counselors . The vast majority of my students are changed by it . True , some just do n't `` get it '' but that is a valid and useful experience also . Some of these students have contacted me later with a whole new outlook . It just takes time . Knowing all the the author has gone through in the last few years lends even more meaning to the book . It is worth the effort to read it .
 I 've received a great boost of enegy and encouragement from delving into the soul of this witty writer . His dealings with omniscient human problems are easy to grasp and can be assimilated in ones own experience . If anything , you 'll experience a work of true compassion laced with invaluable lessons learnt by hard earned experience . McWilliams is an authentic teacher who disseminates what he truly believes . No hypocrisy here . His sharing of his life experience reveals a strong belief in important values such as sharing , loving oneself and meditation . Money is also discussed and treated as it should be - philosophically and honestly . Obviously , beneath the veneer of this well written , work - of - art - self - help book , lies the portrayel of a true lover of humanity .
 I was 13 when my brother handed it to me ... wait - i think i was 13 ! anyways ... I read it ... loved it ... it made life make more sense ... I began to love reading quotes after reading this book . i progressed to the rest of the series ... and loved all of those just as much ... . Now that i am nearly 26 ... i have lost my first copy - the hardback ... but i 've bought over 20 copies for friends and family ... . i recently lent my paperback copy and the rest of the series to my bf 's dad who is having a midlife crisis ... I am about to buy three more copies to send to new friends I 've made ... i alone will keep this book a best seller !
 This book is structured such that on all the even pages there are a short pithy quotes that summarize the textaul body of the book on the odd pages . The book is written in the style of a manual so that you can dip into it at any point with no need to refer to material that came before.The basic thesis of the book is if you want to enjoy life you have to place one hand on the tiller and steer yourself towards the people , places and things that you like . A way to chart your course is taken from Alan Lakein 's `` How to get control of time and your life '' , which is an excellent book . Strategies for dealing with misteps are also covered.The author tries overtly to avoid religion , but a slight Christian undertone runs through the book , probably unintentionally because of the author 's and those he quotes cutltural background .
 I use to ponder on the meaning of life all the time . But no matter how much or how hard I thought about that , I could n't come up with an answer . Everything I did seem meaningless , and I was so empty inside I thought about killing myself many times . Finally during my Jr. year in high school I hit serious-depression . I swear , it was the most painful thing anyone can ever experience . That was the time when I found this book in the library , and for the first time I started to look at life the way a humenbeing should . However , climbing out of depression was `` VERY VERY VERY PAINFUL '' . Even now I get emotional just from thinking about the past . Iam so afraid , that one day I might visit depression again . At that time I forgotten how to talk , react or feel other people . Because my self-esteem escaped my body . Only thing left in that shell was my heart-which I found out later to be the essence of everything . It was the loneliest and darkest hours of my life . Then I found god , and he lead me to this book . Without this book I could of died . God and this book guided me through those tough times . And I hope it will continue to guide me in the future . And yes ! I know the meaning of life now ! Thx Life 101 !
 ... critics of McWilliams writings decry that they are too simplistic and too broadstroking to really offer true solutions . But that is not exactly right . These books are offering solutions , if only to give the reader the confidence to live and to seek creative , positive solutions to some of the more serious problems posed to them in their real lives . The are meant to be inspirational and practical rather than some dried up clinical study with answers if you can follow these steps ... actually that 's the inside joke about this ... This book is typical McWilliams . One page has his `` do n't no body bring me no bad news '' examples , his easy to follow directions and text . The opposing page has a pithy quote from some hi-falootin classical philosopher or -LRB- more likely -RRB- a tv character we grew up with like Mary Richards or Fred Sanford -- in fact in the age of Dr. Phil , I wonder if the McWilliams estate would be so inclined to upgrade this book for a younger generation . -LRB- ... -RRB- but do yourself a favor by having hard copies of the books , too . You will want to carry them around with you a lot .
 I received this book from my ex-wife just after our divorce . At first I thought it was a crule joke . But after reading the life 101 book I realized that she could have given me A great gift . . Like the book states , Not all parts will pertain to you at this time , but it is a wonderful refference for later ... I have purchased at least 15 of these books . and given them all away . . I usually buy one for myself and start rereading it when someone will say something that relates to a chapter in the book and I point it out to them and the next thing you know there goes another book ... at this price it is easy to give them away ... MR BILL
 I have read many books , particularly self-help books , and this is top three . It may even fill the # 1 slot . Whatever issues you are dealing with and whatever approach you take to looking at life , this book covers it in a way that does not offend nor patronize . It is not only sensible and inspiring at the same time -LRB- a rare find -RRB- , the authors have a sense of humor that shows through at precisely the right moments . Although it has around 400 pages in the paperback version , it is very easy to get through , plus every other page contains a quote , not full text , so do not let length deter you . It deals with everything from the parts that body , mind and emotion play in your life , both separately and together , to `` emergency '' situations such as depression , addictions , being overweight and fear , to many major concepts of physical and mental health and happiness . It is not a book you must read from beginning to end , although it certainly would be worth your time . It IS a book that requires you to think and use if it is to help you . My suggestion would be to read it all the way through and then go back to the parts that applied to you and use the exercises.Although it is a self help book , it does not have that feel , which makes it alot more approachable to those who do not go for the Jungian , Freudian or other abstract schools of thought that often dominate the genre .
 A gritty story about a social worker 's dedication to a young boy . Easy and fascinating reading . It was written by my Mom , now three years gone from us . I think you 'll like it .
 Over all , this is a great book , but is it Ultimate ? A Bible ? I 'm always wary of `` Complete Guides '' and `` Bibles '' , as they inevitably fall short of such lofty glory and nod toward Euro-centrism , as does this book -LRB- with honorable mention to Indian spice markets -RRB- . This illustrated ` bible ' has great placement and design , though I expected more comprehensive spice and herb sections , after all the book is 512 pages ! For example , this is n't the type of book I 'd consult to grow herbs and spices , yet there 's a fair amount of info on planning an herb garden -LRB- in and out of doors -RRB- . Pruning this section to make room for more herbs and spices would have been preferable . And with as much attention provide to organizing an herb garden , very little attention was given to the vegetable section , the smallest of all foods , with only 4 -LSB- salad -RSB- recipes in the tiny section are void of wheat -LRB- tortillas -RRB- , grains -LRB- couscous , etc -RRB- or roots . Unfortunately , of those same 4 dishes meat was added to at least two of them.Suffice it to say , the food recipes are heaviest on meat and breads , including the soups and starters section . So at the very least , the book encourages health-conscious cooks to explore creative substitutions.The spiced drinks section is great , albeit requiring alcohol , coffee or sugar in most recipes . The spice mixtures , pastes and chutney/preserves are interesting and worth a try.So I 've given the book 4 stars , because it 's not marketed as a Health and Wellness book , which , it definitely is n't . I do enjoy the writing style , along with the many different recipes and spice profiles . Arguably , my favorite novelty of the book is their recipe for scenting one 's hairbrush !
 Often unheard of poet , Ogden Nash , serves as a reminder that poetry itself does not need to be mushy , polite or romantic . Or for that matter psychological , philisophical or religious . Nash 's poetry , written from the early 20 's to the late 50 's is remark on the social niceties . A critique of the love-hate relationship of men and women . A funny peek into the lives of animals . And silly stories for the sake of being silly . The uniqueness in Nash 's work is not the poetry itself , but his play with words . Its clear he does not take language seriously at all which allows him to mix and maneuver words to create new ones that will create a genuine laugh . Such as
 I do n't really enjoy reading poetry , and I do n't suggest reading volumes of poetry at a time . I do , however , suggest reading this book of Ogden Nash , reading the poems individually instead of as a collection . Some may find his verse stupid , some simple , but I find it charming .
 I love this guy 's wit and his clever creation of words to fit many , many subjects . Nash 's poems are good for many laughs while causing you to think about the joys in life . Nash is a clever guy !
 This was an excellent book if u are in the dumps and want to laugh , I sure did , it pulled me out of my 12 year depression , after i read this book i decided to go after my life long dream of becoming ...
 This is one of the funniest books that I 've encountered in some time . All Harry wants to do is take a little boat trip , maybe do some fishing , and relax . If page one is an indication of the things to come , it 's not good news for Harry . We see a seagull trying to break open a clam shell by dropping it on Harry 's head . He gets caught in a storm and is stranded on an island with a lot of rocks , a scraggly tree , and an egg . As the egg hatches Harry figures it must be a bizzard , but comes to the realization that it 's actually a dragon , a dragon that is continually eyeing Harry going `` Mmmmmmmmmmm '' . The ending is a delightful twist and a valuable lesson is learned -- there are fates far worse than death.Don ' t pass this book up . A good number of titles out there can have the reader laughing on the first page but , ca n't deliver . This one does.Poor Harry !!!
 The story is charming , the drawings disarmingly simple and the conclusion -LRB- semi spoiler alert ? -RRB- - makes this a PERFECT mothers day or fathers day gift . Harry has become a favorite with my three little ones .
 I found this book to be both thought provoking and inspirational . It has truly changed my life - the way I view my self , my relationship with my wife and with others . Though I do not agree with every point the authors make , it challenged me to review my own attitudes and perceptions .
 This is a well written , concise , and helpful book when taken in the extensive context of IELTS . It could also be used as good practice in a variety of other educational settings
 I really enjoyed this book!I could n't put it down after the first page which compares Marshall , `` An average North American Male '' ... `` plump and balding '' , to his caged pet bird - `` Both had lived three fourths of their expected life span and had another fourth of life to go , if they were lucky '' . This sets the tone for the novel which is a thought provoking story written with wit and intelligence.I should note , however , this is not and it is a book about the character Marshall Hollenzer . It is really a book about people - the choices they make and/or the fate bestowed upon them - and journeys - both physical and spiritual.This novel is thought provoking , entertaining , and enlightening.I recommend buying at least two copies - this is the type of book that you will want to share with people you know .
 This author is as aware of conflict and drama as he is of the magic of the rhythm in a sentence , and that makes for some beautiful reading.Egerton 's characters and his story are equally strong and thoughtful , and his unique sense of humour makes for a terrific navigator . The emotions of each character ring true , and each situation seems natural to identify with , no matter how bizarre or dreamlike.This novel is a shiny pebble you want to keep in your pocket , its wisdom executed with style and skill . I highly recommend it for anyone who enjoys having their wet head wrapped in a big , soft , warm towel .
 Both of these issues , among others , are examined in this simple yet complex story about a variety of characters , all of whom we recognize.What lies beneath the skin of the average person ? What do they believe in , and why ? What makes their worlds shatter ? What would make your world shatter?The author never wastes a word , entertwining the characters in unlikely but believable ways . It 's a quick read that lingers with the reader , to make you think about your beliefs , and what you would do for those beliefs.To each individual , the book could be about God , or the meaning of life , or simply how you fit into the world . This makes the book touching on a personal level . I think every reader will find a different way , and reason , to love this book .
 Marshall Hollenzer is Driving tugs at the mind and the heart enveloping three sets of people travelling towards a common understanding of themselves , the world and what it all means . If you need to lose yourself in a wonderful story , this book will provide you with hours of imaginative wisdom.Thank you Owen for writing this book .
 I picked up this book and could not put it down . It kept me up most of two nights . The stories of three very different characters whose lives intertwine in unexpected ways take us on a journey of the discovery of our true human nature , a God at work behind the scenes , and inverted expectations . A nice dose of magical realism in Marshall 's character creates some delightful and poignant moments which are metaphors for how easily we delude ourselves about what we really believe . I highly recommend this book to anyone who loves a good story .
 I was deeply moved by this book . It is funny and touching . The characters leap out from the pages and grab your attention . The writing is clever , the language poetic in parts , with an underlying satirical humor . Lets have more from this excellent author .
 This is a superbly written book . Witty , clever , and thought provoking , I found if hard to put down . It is filled with quirky and interesting characters , prose that flows , and subtle humor that occasionally had me laughing out loud . I can not wait to read the next book by this promising young author .
 Eggerton successfully blends humor and tragedy in this , his debut novel . While weaving three sets of seemingly unrelated characters into one neat package , Eggerton takes the reader on an emotional ride of spiritual discovery . His characters are likeable , and the type that we , as readers , come to care about and share in their ups and downs . Altogether , a great read .
 Tells about Martin 's life as a Dominican , the story of the missing silver coin , of Martin 's mysterious travels and of the rats and mice at the Dominican Monastery . For children ages 10 and up . 13 illustrations
 Although it may be written as a `` child 's book , '' any adult who reads this book should come to know , appreciate , and fall in love with St. Martin de Porres . I have recommended this version of his life 's story to many people over the years . I love it .
 Excellent , simple , easy for even children to follow . . silouettes tell the story > BEAUTIFUL !!! It goes right to the HEART-Message St. Martin de Porres carried w/him wherever he went .
 SOREN AABYE KIERKEGAARD -LRB- 1813-1855 -RRB- `` stepped '' into history as the master in managing the weapon of irony . As a young student he was fascinated by SOCRATES and the German romantic thinkers and writers . This is one of the 4 most important works of him . Some Kierkegaard lovers even call it his magnus opum . In fact this rather early work -LRB- 1841 -RRB- is a dissertation which in particular addresses Socratic irony -LRB- and the German romantics -RRB- . The irony was to him a protest against bourgeoisie and a strong weapon against the speculative philosophy from Ren&eacute; DESCARTES -LRB- 1596-1650 -RRB- - Kierkegaard was the first person to demask the lie of Descartes , i.e. his ` cogito ergo sum ' , `` I think therefore I am '' - up until Wilhelm Friedrich HEGEL -LRB- 1770-1831 -RRB- . In short
 I have n't actually read Cienfuegos - yet . However , I purchased Caribes via the internet purely because I had been recommended the author and did not realize until I received it that it was the second of a series . Today I was looking for the third in the series - Azabache as I simply have to find out what happens to Cienfuegos next ! Caribes is the first spanish book I have read cover to cover and I ca n't wait to get hold of the next . Great characterization . Vasquez - Figueroa certainly has a vivid imagination which constantly surprises you while instilling a sense of history about the conquest of the New World . Please , please please can Amazon get in ALL of the books in this series as well as Tuareg and Yaiza which I have also been highly recommended -LRB- untranslated -RRB-
 Cienfuegos is yet again another fantastic book from this Canarian author.I taught myself Spanish translating a book by Alberto Vazquez Figueroa - Iguana , and as yet have n't managed to put one of his books down . The Yaiza trilogy was completely unmissable -LRB- especially as I was in the Canary Islands when I read them -RRB- , Sicaro , Tierra Virgen , Ebano , Marfil , and as for Tuareg ... WOW!This author has also invented a fully functioning system for purifying salt water into drinking water and deserves recognition beyond the soil of Spain for his achievements , plus support to finance the solution to one of the most acute problems on this planet - drought and the human misery and suffering it causes.As far as I know Plaza and Janes have not translated all of his books into English and I wish they would . Then his work could reach a much larger audience , all of whom would surely benefit from his breathtaking writing , astute observations of the world and its people , the emotional roller coaster he is able to create with his words , and his experience from his time travelling as a journalist.I am translating Tuareg for some friends as they are desperate to read it.I know that one book - Ebano - was turned into a film with Michael Caine -LRB- Ashanti -RRB- but all these books deserve a far wider readership than they currently have.My opinion
 The book CARIBES is the second in a series of six books by Alberto Vasquez-Figueroa . The first book being , CIENFUEGOS I , which was an exceptional book that I could n't put down once I began reading it . The tradition follows with CARIBES , although not as exciting as the first book , this book continues to entertain and makes you laugh , as well as giving you factual knowledge about the discovery of the `` new world . '' Highly recommended . I just wish that Amazon had all six books -LRB- cienfuegos , caribes , montenegro , azabeche , xaragua - and one more that I ca n't remember off hand -RRB- .
 Excelente.Alberto Vazquez-Figueroa es un gran escritor , son muchas sus novelas que llegana la calificacion de 5 estrellas , ya deberian estar pensando en nominarlo para un premio nobelde literatura .
 Este es el primer libro de mis serie maravillosa y contar con todos en Spanish en Kindle es un dream hecho realidad Cienfuegos El Cabrero pura aventura basado en hechos historicos diiiiiiiiiviiiiinooooo Alberto Vazquez Figueroa a mi punto de vista es el novelista mas productivo cuando Lee 's el primer libro terminas queriendo mas yo tengo 50 libros de este author no se lo pierdan Sr. . Alberto ante usted me quito el sombrero esperando el libro que sigue despues de Tierra de Bizontes .
 A FRIEND OF MINE , LET ME READ THE BOOK AND NOW AND DESPERATLY NEED TO HAVE THIS GREAT BOOK IN MY COLLECTION
 Another Winner for Belva . The characters are real and you will both laugh and cry . The story is believable . You will not be able to put it down .
 I 'm an avid reader of Belva Plain 's books , and After The Fire is just another one of her masterpieces . I really do n't understand how anyone who 've read this book can think otherwise .
 I had never even heard of Belva Plain when I saw this novel for sale at our library , but I thought the synopsis was intriguing and boy was I right.Where to begin ? The characters were wonderful -- full of real life emotion and actions and often complex . The writing was also well done -- admittedly the story started off a bit slow for me , but that is because the real drama of the story was yet to come . Once things really got dicey , it was tough to put this book down -LRB- though sadly I had to a few times with everything going on for the holiday weekend -RRB- . In some ways , the story is part mystery , though mainly it is about a woman , Hyacinth , who is coping with a nasty divorce , limited time with her own children , and an inability to really trust people and sometimes even be around them . She lives in daily fear that her ex-husband will expose a secret that she can hardly believe even happened . Eventually another man comes into her life , but as much as she loves him , her inability to trust him and disclose what has happened in her past ultimately comes between them . Of course , there is her ex-husband 's partner , Arnie , who we know is in love with her throughout the entire story , though she does n't feel that she can reciprocate those feelings . Do you see how the story quickly becomes complicated and heart-wrenching at times ? Oh , and as for that ex-husband , Gerald ... boy do you love to hate him , or at least I did . A more condescending , unreasonable , unfaithful jerk you 'll be hard-pressed to find , though he tries so hard to cover it all up with his `` charm . `` When the truth about that tragic secret was finally revealed , I have to admit I was pretty surprised . I suppose I ought to have seen it coming , but I think that in many ways I am as naive as our protagonist , Hyacinth . Plain really did a brilliant job weaving an incredible story that at times seems almost unbelievable , though in reality stranger things have happened . It is rewarding to see Hyacinth 's life start to turn around , though her road is certainly bumpy as she tries to move on from what has happened to her .
 I was hooked from the first page to this novel . It was n't until the last 30 pages that I had an idea of how this might end . I really enjoyed the read . I read alot and really enjoyed this one
 Hyacinth the romantic , young artist who believes in true love and Gerald fresh out of medical school get married . Gerald has big plans for the future and wants the social status that Hyacinth 's family can provide . Hyacinth 's needs true love that she does n't believe she truly deserves.Hyacinth discovers that Gerald is cheating on her . Gerald manipulates Hyacinth into believing that she is emotionally unstable . A fire breaks out in the medical offices and Gerald learns that Hyacinth had been there . He accuses her of starting the fire that cost a fireman his life . And with this blackmail is able to take custody of their children . While grieving for her children and for the comfort and warmth of the home she had made with them Hyacinth recreates her life . The end is victorious and the secret to the mystery surprising . A great book .
 In this story , the picture-perfect marriage dissolves when Hyacinth 's physician-husband , is found to be having an affair . One terrible night she commits an act that she will regret for the rest of her life . An act that gives her husband the ultimate weapon ; blackmail . The price of his silence is uncontested custody of their two children.When her own beautiful , angry mother wants to know why Hyacinth wo n't fight for custody , she can give no anwers . For she alone knows , or believe she knows , what really happened on that fateful night .
 I could hardly put `` After the Fire '' aside once I began reading it ! I feel each emotion which Hyancinth feels - love , joy , anger , hurt , sadness , pain , shame , pride - as her life develops . How sad that this wonderfully talented woman is manipulated by almost everyone she encounters as well as by a horrible secret that is all consuming . This intelligent , attractive , talented woman is naieve , but also trusting . She is entrenched in negative situations and the grief process so many times , I wonder if she can become an emotionally stable , successful and proud person . As I learn to know and love Hyancinth , I know that she not only can but will endure all that comes her way and , most of all , that she is a survivor .
 This is the story of the marriage of Hyacinth and Gerald . Hyacinth is a romantic , nave , young artist who believes in true love and in the integrity of Gerald ; her new husband fresh out of medical school . Gerald has big plans for the future and a need for the society that Hyacinth 's family can provide . Hyacinth 's needs are those of any wide-eyed young girl who has lived in the shadow of a beautiful mother . She needs only the true love that she does n't believe she truly deserves.The reader enters Hyacinth 's world , feels her trust in the man she loves , and lives her heartbreak as the marriage slowly dissolves , taking her children with it in an ugly divorce based on blackmail . We follow Hyacinth as she finds the courage to make her way alone , while grieving for her children and for the comfort and warmth of the home she had made with them . Her intense love for Gerald turns to hate and to a fierce determination to get her children back . In After the Fire , Belva Plain skillfully weaves the tendrils of suspense in a story filled with joy , betrayal , sadness , and ultimate victory !
 I have gone through similar things as Hycinth in the novel did . I was getting angry at her for keeping in this horrible secret and most of all , witholding it from Will . That , to me , was too much . But , in the end , the truth prevailed . It is a sad thing to see children used as pawns and money makers today , but that is the way it is .
 Hyacinth has met the love of her life , Gerald , a medical student who wants to marry her . She is sure that theirs will be a `` happily-ever-after '' marriage . Her mother warns her about things she has observed in Gerald , but Hyacinth , undaunted , proceeds with the wedding . As it turns out , Mother really does know best in this case but Hyacinth has to learn this the hard way . Gerald uses an unfortunate incident against Hyacinth and she loses everything that she loves . Eventually she finds her true niche in life through a man who loves her , but her secret past keeps her from marrying him . This is a good page-turner and one in which you do care about the main character .
 After the Fire , by Belva Plain , is a very good book because it holds your interest and makes you want to keep reading . The plot begins a little slowly as it describes the meeting , dating , and subsequent marriage of Gerald and Hyacinth . The pace picks up , however , once Gerald becomes a successful doctor and their marriage begins to fall apart.When Hyacinth 's jealously places her in Gerald 's office building the night it burns down , deceit , divorce , and blackmail quickly follow . The twists and turns of Hyacinth 's life after her divorce and loss of custody of her children make this book a real page-turner . Belva Plain does an excellent job of describing her characters and making the reader feel their pain . As Hyacinth mopes around the house after Gerald and the kids move to Florida , you want to cry right along with her . When she finally pulls herself together , goes to school , and becomes a successful fashion designer , you want to cheer for her . On the other hand , you want to despise Gerald for being so cruel and keeping the children away from their mother . The reader 's heart also aches for the children who are caught in the middle and can not be told the truth about what is keeping their mother from them . I would definitely recommend this book to all those who enjoy reading suspense and romance novels .
 When Hyacinth meets her future husband -LRB- soon to be a successful doctor -RRB- Gerald , her mother does n't trust him . As time goes by he charms everyone . A fire leads to blackmail , divorce , and the issue of custody . Arnie , the partner to Gerald in their medical practice tries to make everyone happy . But does he have a motive for this . This was an excellent book I could not put down . I loved it .
 Once again , Belva Plain has written a compelling family storythat was hard to put down . I have read all of her novels and enjoyed `` After the Fire '' immensely . The characters are interesting and believable ; and the story combines both tragedy and happiness . A must read for her fans . You wo n't be disappointed .
 This is the story of the marriage of Hyacinth and Gerald . Hyacinth is a romantic , nave , young artist who believes in true love and in the integrity of Gerald ; her new husband fresh out of medical school . Gerald has big plans for the future and a need for the society that Hyacinth 's family can provide . Hyacinth 's needs are those of any wide-eyed young girl who has lived in the shadow of a beautiful mother . She needs only the true love that she does n't believe she truly deserves.The reader enters Hyacinth 's world , feels her trust in the man she loves , and lives her heartbreak as the marriage slowly dissolves , taking her children with it in an ugly divorce based on blackmail . We follow Hyacinth as she finds the courage to make her way alone , while grieving for her children and for the comfort and warmth of the home she had made with them . Her intense love for Gerald turns to hate and to a fierce determination to get her children back . In After the Fire , Belva Plain skillfully weaves the tendrils of suspense in a story filled with joy , betrayal , sadness , and ultimate victory !
 Gerald and Hyacinth are the picture perfect couple . She a beautiful artist , he a brilliant surgeon , and two wonderful children . Their marriage is the envy of all their friends , until ... One night a mysterious phone call prompts Hy to look deeply into her marriage . After confronting her husband about his infidelity , Hy goes into a downward-spiral leaving her acccused of commiting an unthinkable act . An act that will ultimitely leave her husband-less , and child-less . For fear of what Gerald will do with what he knows , Hy must never speak about what happened , not even to her mother Francine , who always hated Gerald anyway . But as time goes by she realizes she must face what happened on the night in question if she is to get her children back . `` After The Fire '' is a page-turning family saga as only Belva Plain could write . The characters well-developed , the plot realistic and thoroughly entertaining.Belva Plain has written another bestseller about a family in crisis that will fly up the bestseller list 's . Nick Gonnella
 Gerald and Hyacinth appeared to have a perfect marriage , blessed with two beautiful children . However , when cracks appeared -LRB- or were the cracks there all along ? -RRB- , there was no stopping the swift breakdown of the marriage and the bitterness that came with it . Gerald had the upper hand in the divorce as he successfully blackmailed Hyacinth into letting him have the custody of both children . Pressured by Gerald , but unable to divulge the secret behind his blackmail to anyone , only when the mystery surrounding the fateful night was solved would Hyacinth be able to get on with her life.The plot was gripping . However , the impressive part was the way the emotional aspects in the book was handled . The sweetness of being in love , the tension between mother and daughter , the bitterness of a marriage breakdown , the pressure and burden of keeping a terrible secret , and the pain of losing loved ones were well-explored . Subtle , but intense at the same time .
 I am well into the book and am enjoying it as I am a fan of Belva Plain . However , no where so far do I find the last name of Hyacinth 's family or Gerald 's family . They are Dr & Mrs Gerald Who ? Am I missing something or was this intentional on the part of the author ?
 I have been reading books of late about the Texas Rangers . They are varied . This one is remarkable . Half the book is about his adventures as a Ranger . The second half is about being captured and living with the Comanches . It is an amazing story . Not great literature and bit dated in its prose , but I thought a wonderful read .
 Nelson Lee 's straightforward account of his life as a Texas Ranger and then an Indian captive is enthralling . He also offers a valid critique of how the US govt was misguided in their approach to the Indian problem . Moreover , he pleads for the govt . to do something about those still in captivity . Fewer people might have gone West had they known what was really going on and the dangers ahead . This first-hand account is highly recommended .
 It was fun reading about a relative.Nelson Lee was my great , great grandfathers brother.It was exciting and sometimes scary to put myself in Nelson Lee 's place . I got a good feel how life must have been during that period . I doubt I could have done as well , if the story is accurate.WORTH READING.Nolen Lee
 I am an avid reader of true Indian/pioneer books . This was new to me in format because only the first story I had read written by an adult captive and a male.Most of the books seem to be about young children or perhaps a young woman . The treatment and thoughts of an adult male were interesting . I kept wondering if I could have gone thru the ordeal . A quick read and makes you appreciate today ! If you like history you will enjoy this true story .
 I have read the book and most of the negative comments as well.As an author and a person that have lived among the Indians , I am familiar with a lot of what Lee has declared . Indian culture , no matter the tribes , has a great deal of weired beleifs , witchcraft included . They like smoking the weed and getting high.I suggest you buy the story , I assure it walks with truth .
 Interesting anecdotes of a white man living among the indians , the hardships and struggles , but it 's obviously a biased tale . Quite a stretch for the reader to believe that a man - Texas Ranger no less - would be unable to `` escape '' before 3 years . Personally I do n't believe it . Anyway , while one reviewer highlights a particular commanche torture to an infant , it 's best to keep everything in perspective and acknowledge the extreme brutality whites displayed against all tribes in the western hemisphere - for example , Sand Creek , Wounded Knee . That said , if you like stories similar to this , try Nat Love 's autobiography .
 The Bruce Lee story is really good ! Linda Lee 's book about her husband , the legendary Bruce Lee is a great biographical story ! Linda Lee shares her private moments and her thoughts about the man she loved so much ! Bruce Lee is the Chinese-American who would eventually become the greatest Martial Artist of all time ! The photos from Linda Lee 's personal collection are great ! Bruce Lee is at his best when pictured on the set of his movies , like the Big Boss , Fist of Fury , Way of the Dragon , Game of Death , and Enter the Dragon ! I do recommend this book because Linda lee is the only person who knew Bruce lee better than anyone because she was his wife ! their is no information on the death of Brandon Lee because this book was published in 1989 . A +
 Bruce Lee books or papers about him and his success are the best basis for every serious training martial artist . BL & his JKD are open minded , only truth development we can join this world .
 I have read this book twice , what a great book ! Anyone intersted in the masters life should definitly get this book . It is written by Mrs. Lee , the only person in the world who knew him best . There are great photos , and great detail about their lives together . I have been a fan for over 10 years , and this one is one of the best biographys I 've ever read about the greatest martial artist , and philosipher who ever lived .
 Bruce Lee was an `` original '' no doubt . . He was an innovative martial artist who created an eclectic style of Gung Fu called Jeet Kune Do , an assimilation of many fighting styles ... Bruce did n't believe in systems . . he always believed that if you could use something to achieve a result use it ! Bruce had many followers and `` famous '' students . . such as Steve McQueen , Kareem Abdul Jabbar , Chuck Norris , Joe Lewis , Mike Stone , James Coburn and many others ... Bruce would be the first to admit that he was first and foremost a martial artist ... He used the movies to bring his `` art '' to the masses and what an impact he made ! His films today are quintessential examples of what a martial arts film should be ! This book by his wife Linda Lee is a beautifully written biography that offers worlds of insight into who Bruce Lee was as a person . . Linda writes lovingly of their relationship and brings a history of Bruce from a baby to his death at the too young age of 32 to you . . Bruce lived his life to the fullest and was not only a great martial artist but a very profound philosopher as well ... This is a wonderful book and highly recommended , not only to fans of Bruce but to anyone seeking inspiration in their lives ...
 Like many Bruce Lee fans , I was dubious when picking up this book , suspecting it would be too sentimental and one-sided , glossing over the `` true facts . '' However , do n't be misled -- this book is GREAT . Easily among the two or three best Bruce Lee biographies , if not the best . Very well written , well organized , great rare photos . Linda does a fantastic job of giving us an idea of who Bruce Lee was , from the singular perspective of the person who truly knew him best . Sure , it glosses over the more controversial topics that have surfaced over the years -LRB- e.g. , alleged drug use , personality problems , the circumstances surrounding his death -RRB- . But you 'll come away with a profound respect for the integrated depth of Bruce 's genius , his commitment to his family , and his profound sense of integrity and character . And you 'll notice that the qualities Linda chooses to highlight are in fact the ones that come out in his art as well as his screen persona . For example , here 's a man who , feeling the weight of racial prejudice against himself , was nonetheless willing to physically fight a fellow Chinese for the right to teach Kung Fu to whites ! That story is well-known , but the way Linda captures it illustrates Bruce 's commitment to principles and his global perspective . Linda does a great job of balancing Bruce Lee as a profound philosopher as well as a uniquely gifted physical specimen . She makes you understand that it was more than simply his physical gifts that made him who he was . Perhaps Karate master Ed Parker said it best
 As a UK housewife with young children I have virtually no martial arts knowledge and read the book out of curiosity . I found a truly real book about an amazing marriage and an amazing couple . I think Linda Lee is as extraodinary as her husband . I am left feeling inspired about my own life and shall pass on little nuggets of knowledge to my own kids . This book is for people interested in fellow human beings and not just martial arts followers . It is testimony in itself that nearly 30 years after his death Bruce Lee has inspired an ordinary British woman .
 A must for any martial artist who professes to be a Bruce Lee enthusiast.This book was also used for the script of `` Dragon
 Bruce Lee . Some things the average reader will not know about this man
 I enjoyed this book thoroughly . I also developed another level of respect for the man . This book develops a clear picture of how confident Bruce was in his abilities as a martial artist and an actor . It also illustrates how much courage and confidence it took to brake away from tradition and take martial arts to another level . Linda Lee does not address some of the controversies of Bruce 's life , but what do you expect.I learned more about the man behind the legend from this book than I have from any other source . I highly recommend The Bruce Lee Story for any and all Bruce Lee fans.Ted Weimann , author of Warrior Speed .
 I wish this book could have been longer and more in-depth , but I still enjoyed it immensely , primarily for the countless pictures from the Lee family albums . Fans who are hungry for sordid details about Lee 's mysterious death may be disappointed , as this was not meant to be a controversial or sensationalistic book . It 's simply Linda Lee 's tribute to her late husband , a man who was extraordinarily gifted in disciplines of both the body and mind . That , in and of itself , makes this a worthwhile read .
 I have read this book twice , what a great book ! Anyone intersted in the masters life should definitly get this book . It is written by his ex-wife , the only person in the world who knew him best . There are great photos , and great detail about their lives together . I have been a fan for over 15 years , and this one is one of the best biographies I 've ever read about the greatest martial artist , and philosipher who ever lived . Highly recommended !
 Not factual ? How can someone say that ! It was written by Linda Lee , Bruce 's wife ! How can it not be factual ? I personally found this book very good . It is an easy read , and it is very informative . This book changed my perception of Bruce . Where I once saw a wonderful martial artist , which I still saw , I now see someone who was of profound mind and good heart . His intentions were great , his mind and philosophies greater , and his legacy shall live on forever . If you are a Bruce Lee fan , three words for you
 First , this is a good book , but it 's not objective -- not surprising in that it 's not only written by his wife Linda Lee , but by `` ghost writer '' and her second husband , Tom Bleecker , who went on to write a couple of `` tell-all '' books after divorcing Linda in 1990 . I 'm sure this book was presented with best intentions and , with the exception of some repetition , it read well and was chock-full of family photos.It 's a good first book on a larger-than-life character like Bruce Lee . It sure blows away anything remotely `` biographical '' that the big screen has presented and most definitely pulls the covers off the fictional Hollywood movie `` Dragon
 I read Sweet Dream Baby a few weeks ago , during a period of much stress & strife , and I loved it because I could get totally lost in it and in Travis ' wonderful voice -LRB- also the great use of popular songs -RRB- . I quickly ordered Sterling Watson 's earlier book from Amazon , but was sorry to find no sequel that would allow me to see if and how Travis and the rest of his seemingly normal -LRB- at first -RRB- , bizarre , sad family navigate the rest of their lives . Fun to read , beautifully written , thought-provoking , disturbing .
 Sterling Watson 's fifth novel , `` Sweet Dream Baby , '' has the feel of a well built , well loved home at a time when most novels with bestseller potential are empty houses . Tom Waits sang that a house without love ai n't nothing but a house where somebody lives . The characters of Watson 's novel do n't simply live in its pages ; they bring those pages to life . Watson possesses a gigantic heart , and his characters are lucky to have him , lucky to be so loved.His twelve-year-old Travis Hollister comes of age in Widow Rock , a backwoods Florida Panhandle town . It 's the 1950s , and wherever teenagers hang out , rock n ' rollers like the Killer , Jerry Lee Lewis , shake nerves and rattle brains . The town elders just do n't get it , and Travis nestles himself under the young wing of his Aunt Delia , a sixteen-year-old ing&eacute;nue setting the cornerstones for a Southern Gothic love-quadrangle -- pentangle if you count the undying paternal love of the Sheriff of Widow Rock , Travis 's Grandpa Hollister.Grandpa Hollister is a character along the inscrutable and rigid lines of Thomas Sutpen in `` Absalom , Absalom ! '' by William Faulkner . And Watson 's portrait of small-town life on the far side of the Hiawassee River has the sultry air of Faulkner 's Yoknapatawpha County , depicted in `` The Sound and the Fury '' and elsewhere . The folks of Widow Rock are no less polite than their Mississippi counterparts ; neither are they any less likeable for their peculiarities . Watson is a Southern writer tipping his hat to Sheriff Bill , but he is also an American writer who has channeled the spirit of a young nation in all its postwar , hip-twisting bravado and its infatuation with love in the midst of the baby boom.I was born in 1976 , and `` Sweet Dream Baby '' made me nostalgic for the youth of my parents , the parking and cruising , drinking malts in juke joints , eating burgers and fries in the backseat of a souped-up street rod . Watson shows us these things again and for the first time through adolescent eyes . His novel is no less adult for the narrator 's immaturity . The opposite is true ; Travis 's age makes for mature audiences because Travis grows up all too fast , comes of age to find himself lost in the kind of love that breaks spirits and psyches along with hearts . `` Sweet Dream Baby '' is more racy than sweet -- the romance tale of a twelve-year-old boy and a sixteen-year-old girl , complete with a surprise ending as beautiful as it is tragic -- an engrossing read bound to interrupt your daily life , leaving your errands undone and your work set aside . When your loved ones want to know what you 've been doing and where you 've been , tell them not to worry . Tell them you were in caring hands .
 This story is replete with seemingly simple descriptions that reflect the observations of any 12-year-old boy
 Sweet Dream Baby is an amazing novel , and its power grows as time passes . I read the novel when it first came out , and it 's still with me . The music , the sight of a swimming hole , even a dusty road can make Travis and Delia appear for me again . What I wanted to know when I put the book down was , does Travis have a chance at a decent life ? And what was up with Delia ? More and more , I want to find out , because I ca n't let these characters go . I hope there will be a sequel .
 Sterling Watson is an author everone needs to get to know.The only problem I had with this book , was that it ended . I want to know what becomes of these so compelling characters . We can only hope that the world can get its hands on a sequel , and soon ! The writing is gorgeous . Sweet Dream Baby is an entirely believable -LRB- yet ultimately very dark -RRB- voyage into the mind of a young boy who slides from youthful , sweetness and innocense down into the murk of an adult world that is too much for him to handle . Travis will just break your heart and you 'll thank Sterling Watson for making it happen .
 Sultry summer nights , passion , music , and a bit of mayhem ... Sterling Watson 's SWEET DREAM BABY is an unforgettable novel by a wonderful writer more people should know about . -LRB- What I want to know is , where is the sequel ? -RRB-
 Sweet Dream Baby is a fantastic book about a young boy trying to understand the puzzles and traumas of his life . I found myself unable to put the book down , and when I had to be pulled away from it , I kept thinking about the characters until I could go back to it again . The voice is incredible
 Sweet Dream Baby by Sterling WatsonOn a sultry summer river , two young people explore small town life in the backwater of Florida . This tapestry of a story mesmerized me with its rich characters and tangled landscapes , its troubled families and brooding mysteries . If you appreciate musical prose and gripping plots , you will relish this haunting book . I ca n't wait for the sequel so I can learn more about Travis and Delia .
 Simply told and deeply affecting . I ca n't wait to read more by this gifted writer .
 I 've only just recently read Sterling Watson 's , `` Sweet Dream Baby '' , and I continue to be mindfull throughout the day of the compelling voice relayed in such an intriguing way via the first person narrative . The narrative voice engages the reader as the child , Travis , captivates us with his moving insight and poignant and powerful observations.All the while there is the delicious development of tension ... apprehension ... melancholy , but finally determined hope for Travis and Delia.In short , I like the many others writing reviews here , ca n't wait for the much anticipated sequel to the fascinating story found within `` Sweet Dream Baby . ''
 I loved this book - very captivating and I found the characters very beleivable . The plot was tense , and the psychology of the book was dead on . It was gritty and real , and VERY hard to put down . I hope it comes on to Kindle soon !
 I wo n't spend time saying what has already been said so well by others . The reviews speak very well for this book and so they should . This book had me from page one and never let up . The only problem I had with this story was the age of Travis . I thought he was a little young for his character . I still give this book five stars and will read it again in the future . I also reccomend LAURA by Larry Watson and THE LAST PICTURE SHOW by Larry McMurtry
 I just finished reading `` Sweet Dream Baby '' and , although I agree by and large with most of the reviews I 've read , I had to ask this question
 I got this book from the library yesterday and read it cover to cover in 24 hours . It is a wonderful coming-of-age book dealing with loss of innocence , and brings back all the physical and emotional feelings that come with puberty . Family dysfunction is dealt with in typical ' 60 's style -- no over-analyzing or self-pity was allowed then !
 Watson has created in Travis a remarkable , e vil character -- but one you care for and want to find out what is happening in his mind . This novel deserves to be read .
 It is important to set the record straight about a work of art . So far , reviewers have praised this novel with contradictory analyses . This is not surprising in a world of readers who ca n't read more than the words , for the vast majority of readers feel a sympathy with and automatically believe a First-Person Narrator , when in actuality , used to its fullest , it tells a story that -LRB- s -RRB- he thinks is one thing and the perceptive reader sees is an entirely differenct story . One reviewer said it has a surprise ending ; another , a predictably melodramatic conclusion.I shall forgo rebutting other comments such as the secondary characters being stock , that the setting is the familiar stew of small town intrigue and Southern Gothic , and that it breaks no new ground , for these are more of the shallow readings endemic to our state of letters these days.What is important about this book is that it reveals the nature of the story-teller-narrator who unwittingly tells a story that is much more than he thinks it is.Some people will wonder why present tense is used . The answer is relatively simple
 SWEET DREAM BABY is n't grand fiction , but it 's an engrossing story with a vivid sense of time and place . The author has pulled off the difficult trick of showing the world through a child 's eyes and yet supplying the reader with adult perceptions . Parts of the plot are predictable , but at the conclusion predictibility flies out the window . The novel may be set in the '50s , but this is not a Leave-it-to-Beaver ending.Anyone with firsthand experience of the fifties may have to stretch their suspension of disbelief regarding certain sexual behaviors by the protagonist 's aunt in relation to her nephew , but the author has traded a bit of unlikeliness for a gimmick that elevates this novel from the usual coming of age story .
 This book provides a great insight into the history and design of type , and quite a bit of the commentary is useful even today . Morison is well known , of course , for the Times New Roman face - and there is a section in the book on that face . But his commentary on the designing of faces like Plantin and Bembo is much more interesting , if you ask me . Also , if you are at all a fan of Eric Gill , you will like the section on Perpetua and Felicity . Anyone interested in the history of type should have this book , that much is certain .
 Typography may be unique among arts in its historical ties to commerce . Type foundries create and sell fonts as a matter of business . Trades like printing and advertising have historically publicized type by using it , and driven the creation of new fonts . Typography is also distinctive in that , for such small field , it has so many large personalities.Stanley Morison is one of those personalities , and one of the people who made 20th century typography what it was . He had a unique insight into the type trade of the first half of that century , as well as a wealth of history about several other centuries of type design and designers.The most strinking feature of this book is the way each chapter about some important typeface is set in that face . Seeing and reading a whole page of body text , set and spaced in the usual way , is fundamentally different from seeing menu of `` quick brown foxes '' or pages of nonsense words . Reading the type is different from looking at letterforms , so this gives real information that specimen books can never provide . -LRB- As a personal matter , I realized just how much I dislike the italics with slope angles different in the capitals than in the lower case . -RRB- Do n't pick this up as a text on typography ; beginners wo n't get much they can use . If you already appreciate that subtle art , if you want to learn more about its history and practice , this is a very enjoyable way to learn .
 F Tennyson Jesse is among the avant-garde , early 20th-century women writers who challenged the status quo of female stasis and restricted lives . Moonraker , a short novel , or novella , differs from her other , fascinating , novels such as A Pin To See The Peepshow -LRB- based on a real murder case -RRB- and The Lacquer Lady , set in early 20th-century Burma , elaborating the real story of a woman 's experience crossing the delicate threshold between English ex-pat lives and the inner world of Burmese women . Moonraker is experimental and ambitious , stepping outside the expected , using themes of cross-dressing and images of piracy to subvert regular female roles . She includes a rare account of black revolution -LRB- Toussaint d'Ouverture 's revolt in Jamaica -RRB- and her interest in unusual images and character present a refreshingly different perspective on feminine realisation . I enjoyed this novella immensely , and despite some dated prose , it offers startling and enlightened feminism couched in a provocative and sensual plot which would be challenging even in the 21st century .
 The previous Amazon post giving a 1-star rating is an aberration and clearly misguided . The particular argument in the book that the poster points out as faulty has to do with showing how a mortgage is n't really the tax shelter most people think it is . The problem in simplifying the concept for the average busy person is that more sophisticated readers -LRB- but clearly not experts -RRB- can misconstrue the intent as being deceptive . I wo n't say much more about the poster other than that they 're partly right if they 're complaining about simple comparisons being potentially misleading , but are 100 % wrong in their understanding of why it was important for the author to keep things short and simple -LRB- H.Gill apparently has a Masters in Education and I suspect knows his audience quite well -RRB- . I read the same section , and immediately realized that the argument could be taken further on my own without the author 's assistance . The author makes it clear he felt he needed to address a common and simple argument one might hear from a layman about mortgage interest rates and taxes . He then delivered a simplified answer in a similar context , and moved on to the actual education that you paid for and that he expands on expertly . After reading the book -LRB- really a large pamphlet , which in actuality is a GOOD thing -RRB- you 'll realize that you have some work to do . However , after designing and adapting your own financial model to your particular situation , I ca n't imagine that you would need anything more than a good spreadsheet , and some discipline to keep it updated . The concepts -LRB- I count three major ones -RRB- are near brilliant in their out of the box thinking and synthesis .
 Mr. Gill has taken a very expensive aspect of many of our current finances and shown a very effective -LRB- yet extremely easy -RRB- way to reduce undesirable debt greatly increasing our speed to financial freedom . Well done Harj Gill !
 If you are a homeowner or thinking of becoming a homeowner , you simply must read this book . The concepts introduced in this book go against what we 've all been traditionally taught about repaying our mortgages . It can also help you pay your mortgage off in record time . It 's a quick and easy read and can potentially save you thousands of dollars in interest and give you years of mortgage free living .
 Wonderfully written and executed . Provides the step by step tutelage to own your home sooner and saving tens of thousands of dollars in the process . A path to Hope and Happiness and a real gift from the Author . It truly is empowering and quickly releases the financial bondage of our mortgages and interest rates .
 For anyone who lives in a home or spends money this book is an eye opener . It gave me a realization of how little I know or pay attention to of the the mechanics of finance as it is and new ways . A truth is that no one will act in your best interests , if that is so , investing in knowledge like this little red book as it mentions gives dreams a new dimension . With a few one liners and wonderful quotes I now know more of the choices I do have in creating financial freedom . Why do n't they teach this at schools ??
 This is the best book I have ever read about mortgages and how money work with them . If anyone is really serious about getting rid of their mortgage as quick as possible this is a must read . It 's too bad that they do n't teach alot of the principles in this book in the school system . It was aa quick read , not hard to understand and very witty .
 Because of the concepts unveiled in Mr. Gill 's book , `` How to Own Your Home Years Sooner ... '' I am able to utilize those concepts and better manage my finances - concepts that are not currently espoused by the U.S. banking industry . Why ? Because the financial institutions will lose money , while the consumer gains . Do n't let this happen to you . Because of these critical financial concepts , contained in Mr. Gill 's book and on his website
 I learned about this in January 2007 . I started using the concepts and the software in February 2008 . I 've paid all my revolving credit off and have started reducing the principal on my primary mortgage . I 'm so grateful for what this has done for me that I 've started holding free , no catch , no strings , no solicitation seminars to teach people the concept . This concept does two things
 This book is a must read for anyone who would like to have their home paid for in less time with less interest . Step by step instructions to help you use the banks money to your advantage .
 I found this book immensley informative . A must read for every home owner . Harj Gill writes the information so it is easy for everyone understand . I can not wait to put this plan in to action
 This book should wake up more people to the opportunity to manage and take control of their mortgage instead of the bank controling you . Good information , outlined well with easiy to understand examples.As and extra bonus it was great to meet the author Harj Gill the other night as he presented his information and also showed how to apply this knowledge to your business too.Look for this book to make a difference in banking here in the U.S.
 totally awesome book will tell you some unbeleivable facts about how to reduce interest payments on any loan . harj is amazing and a great writer and speaker you have to read this book
 I also saw Harj at Millionaire School in 2006 and he was great.One of the previous reviewers called the book deceptive and even pointed out an example from the book : `` The author sets up 2 individuals and claims they are equal . Then he states that one has no mortgage and one does . `` He must not have read the book very carefully . `` Then uses the numbers to show how having no mortgage is better . `` What the book actually used that example for was to show that the tax deduction for mortgage interest paid alone is not worth maintaining a large balance on your mortgage . The tax deduction will help ease the pain , but it will never make up for the money you spent paying interest . A house is definately a great investment but why pay more more money in interest than you have to?This is a revolutionary book . In fact , it 's already revolutionized the Australian banking industry.I 've implemented this system already . I opened a new HELOC account -LRB- no application fee or closing costs required -RRB- . I have not cut down on my expenses or factored in any increases in my income , nor am I refinancing my current mortgage.All told , my investment to make this work was the $ 25 for the book and that was it.How much will I be saving ? $ 236,445 ___________________ The traditional wayInterest rate
 This is definitely a ` must have ' book for anyone who owns a home , wants a home , has a mortgage , has debts , does n't have debts but wants to increase their investments , or , ahhh , did I leave anyone out ? Heck , my mom , with just a bit of cash from selling the family home , could profit from this book even though she does n't now have a mortgage!What I really liked about `` Own Your Home Years Sooner ! '' was the simple , step-by-step explanations of what could have been complicated financial hoo-hah to some of us , myself included . Usually I pass this type of stuff to my ` former banker ' husband . But even I could understand how Harj 's system works and was even able to talk to others about it in a coherent fashion.If you are considering any of those bi-weekly or weekly payment plans and the like , you MUST read this . The author gives a great rundown on these programs and how they work -LRB- or do n't work -RRB- . I read the first edition and talked with the author too and know he has even more helpful chapters planned for us . Be sure to see his website for the latest updates.It 's a quick easy read , but you 'll be referring back to it as the potential of it begins to sink in . You really can own your own home sooner.As I do not yet have a mortgage -LRB- we are looking for a home and mortgage right now -RRB- , there was not a lot of specific advice for first time home buyers . Talking with the author , he really wrote the book for people with mortgages , but with the 80-100 % LTV loans now available in the US , he may have to add yet another chapter to this book for us on the purchasing side.Even without the specific advice , I was able to talk rather intelligently with a mortgage company owner using the lingo I learned in the book and that itself was worth the cost of the book ! Now we also know what to look for in a mortgage as we shop . Get it , read it , apply it . It 's simple really.P.S . If you are a mortgage broker , PLEASE get this book so you can really help your clients ` own their own home sooner ' . I am sure they will thank you by rewarding you with lots of referrals !
 I found this book `` How To Own Your Home Years Sooner '' very clear and easy to read . While reading about numbers can be very dry I found Mr. Gill 's humor added a lot of fun and a few laughs . The concept on how to own your home sooner is brilliant and simple really if you 're willing to keep your focus on your goal . I highly recommend this book to everyone who is paying a mortgage and let each person decide for themselves if it 's right for them . I personally bought two copies and gave them to my children who are both paying on mortgages . Happy reading .
 This is a great book . I had a mortgage broker look at it and he thought it was a good program -- the only drawback he saw to it was that it would take discipline . By the way do n't pay $ 80 for this book from 3rd parties . Go to the author website -LSB- . . -RSB-
 The bank officer crouched below the top of her carrel wall , leaned toward me across the desk and whispered , `` THIS IS BRILLIANT ! '' I 'd just explained Harj Gill 's idea so she could help me with some transfers.I heard Harj speak at Millionaire School -LRB- see T. Harv Eker and Secrets of the Millionaire Mind -RRB- . I bought his book immediately , knowing it would be the best $ 25 I 'd ever spent on wealth creation . If we continue at the pace of the last four months , the remaining 28 years on our dream home in Sedona will be reduced to 5 years and 3 months.How does this create wealth ? Which would you rather have ? Tax-deductible interest payments or high-yield , tax-liable interest earnings ? Duh ! Our $ 240,000 interest savings will be invested in wealth-creation opportunities , such as more properties.In case you 're wondering , No , this is n't about paying twice a month or making an extra payment each year . Those techniques will help , but not as much as Harj 's approach . So , combine what you already know with this step-by-step , easy-to-read guide , and you 'll be a land baron before you know it !
 A great concept but the book does n't show you step-by-step how to implement it ; Instead it just encourages you to purchase the authors subscription-based software . My wife and I have implemented these ideas and found them highly effective . However , they are also highly risky concepts if you do n't have total control over your budget . Otherwise you could end up in even more debt than you began with .
 I was a bit skeptical at first , but now , I think this book is a must read if you want to STOP paying more interest on your mortgage than you have to . What I liked about it is that it takes a potentially complex subject and makes it extremely easy to understand . The book reads as if the author is engaging you in a one-on-one . conversation . By the time you finish reading it you realize that the price of you not implementing this system will cost you tens of thousands of dollars in interest that you never have to pay.I also attended a weekend workshop facilitated by the author and that really brought home the power of this system . I walked away knowing exactly how much time and interest I 'm going to save on my mortgage because we created our own individualized plan . I 'm telling everyone I know to do this because it certainly changed my life . If you get a chance get this book and attend the workshop - they are run by American Mortgage Eliminators . Hope this helps you .
 Never before have I read or even heard of anything like the information that is in this book . It is the most comprehensive , straight-forward and informative book I have read about mortgage reduction . And perhaps the most miraculous thing about this book is that it is not boring!Haha ... and there are some really cool and inspirational quotes . -LRB- for all you quote lovers ... -RRB- There is also great online support for anyone who desires additional coaching and support after reading the book and taking the next step in owning their homes sooner.I did some checking on the Author -LRB- Harj Gill -RRB- before I bought the book and came to realize he has already sold over 150,000 copies of his book in his old home of Australia before moving here to the U.S. a few years ago and creating his U.S. Edition of this book . I also read alot of positive editorials about his mortgage reduction strategies and , after reading the book , I understand why they have been so positive . This book is a must read for anyone -LRB- with common sense -RRB- who wants to take control and build an aggressively growing Asset base ... not to mention , save thousands of dollars in interest .
 The mortgage elimination system is so simple , that it is brilliant . This book and system has opened my eyes to see how trapped in debt I have been , due to the American mortgage system . Now , I have hope to get free of paying interest on my home mortgage and on my business line of credit . I am truly thankful for finding this book !
 New financial products are now in the Australian market which allows easy access to these offset accounts . This man pioneered it here . . Well done
 This is an easy to understand book , not long at all and extremely informative , EVERYONE in America should HAVE to read it and not just if you are going to buy a home but for the insights you will glean from how the banks are bilking us in every borrowing/loan transaction . One question that will really make this very clear is this
 I loved it , its simple ! I recently saw a consultant who wanted $ 3000.00 for helping me and this book explains it all ! Dont be suckered with a consultant , buy the book and keep your three grand in your account . Awesome purchase !!!
 This book covered all the questions i had , unlike another i had purchased earlier . It gives alternative methods and covers all issues in an understandable manner .
 I have recently finished Harj Gill 's book and found it to be very enlightening , easy to understand and full of common sense . I have spoken with Harj multiple times on the phone and can personally attest to his credibility , intelligence and character . This knowledge should be implemented into the curriculum at the high school and college level but I think a few bankers might try and keep that from happening.I have just started the program and am excited to prove to the naysayers how much I will save.I spent over 2 months doing research on this very topic having talked with 10 different vendors with a similar program . If you have common sense and can open your mind from the tunnel that you currently find it in , you may just be able to exercise this principle and save yourself quite a bit of money over the long term and be debt free.If you read this book and have discipline in your list of attributes , you will not be disappointed.Brice BenefielExecutive Recruiter
 Mr. Gill provides you with critical information about the mathematics of your mortgage and your checking account that you literally can not afford to ignore . He explains the power of leveraging your paychecks to reduce interest charges and shows how that technique can then drastically reduce the term of your mortgage . Yes , you do need to have the discipline to create a budget and stick to it , but you really must do that regardless because , as they say , `` failing to plan is planning to fail '' . To simplify the process , he also provides an optional budgeting and payment software package that is thousands less than a similar product marketed by United First Financial .
 An excellent idea for responsible home owners with positive cash flow . I wish I knew about it 10 years ago . But now it 's even better time . If you do n't want to be up side down start the program asap .
 This book is a short read , and easy to follow . Getting started is fairly painless , and following the program is extremely easy . I did n't have to change anything about my lifestyle . Simply just the way I do my banking . The $ 25 book will pay itself a thousand fold over and over again . When I pay off my mortgage I will have saved over $ 90,000 in interest . I will be paying my mortgage about 17 years before its original scheduled date.Harj Gill has opened my eyes , and completely changed the way I handle my finances . I 've been following the system for almost 2 years and have managed to pay off all of my debt with the exception of my mortgage .
 I am excited about the opportunity to put the concepts of this book into action . I was looking at utilizing a firm to purchase a program to assist me in paying off my mortgage early . I have a suspicion that it was going to be quite expensive . The price of the book is probably lot less than what it could be . I am in the banking industry and find the concepts of this book both intriguing and workable . I basically discovered this book because my wife was skeptical about paying off our mortgage early . I believe that this book will qualm her fears and we can look forward to saving thousands of dollars off the interest on our mortgage . I did not rate this book five stars because it does not give you the nuts and bolts of the program .
 Gill exposes the real facts about how you lose with most mortgages ! With a mortgage and home being most people 's biggest investment and asset , you need to have all the facts and options . Instead of being a prisoner to the `` bank '' take control of your life and finances , save thousands in interest costs and build wealth faster . Gill has done a great job of laying out the facts , the steps and the challenges so you can be in control . If you own a home , are buying a home or want more control of your life , get this book today!Harlan Goerger , H. Goerger & Associates , Author `` The Selling Gap ''
 Being a naturally skeptical person , I had my doubts about this book being any different than other money saving genre books . However , I think I have really found myself a gem . Not only am I going to use their Mortgage Elimination Plan to own my home sooner , but I am going to hold on to the concepts in the book for the rest of my life to eliminate debt . This whole thing is completely new and anyone who likes to save money should read it . 5 stars .
 I was first introduced to accelerated mortgage by a couple consultants from UFF -LRB- United First Financial if you do n't know who they are -RRB- . The only problem is that they charged $ 3,500 to sign up for their program . Thankfully I did n't sign up and instead found this book on Amazon which uses the same principles that they described which saved me $ 3,500 ! One of the examples in the book is to sign up for a HELOC -LRB- home equity line of credit -RRB- and use that to start paying down your principle on your mortgage . The book goes through some straight forward examples using these principles to help you get a grasp of the concept.Well , I just signed up for a HELOC -LRB- kinda tough in these times to get approved -RRB- and am now in the process of saving thousands of dollars . I would definitely recommend this $ 25 book to anyone who owns a home and has a mortgage , and I will be passing this book on to friends .
 This book mostly explains how to reduce your mortgage payments , but since I only have car payments for now , I applied the concept to that instead . After doing the math - I 'm now able to pay my loan off in 10 months instead of 3 years , and I 'll be saving over $ 9,700 !!!! This book is worth WAY more than $ 25.00 , it 's saved me thousands ...
 When you understand that banks are interested in making money -- LOTS of it -- for themselves , you 'll understand why this book was written . It helps you keep more of your money while still paying off what you borrowed , only faster.For a conventional mortage , most of the payments in the first few years go primarily to paying the interest on the loan , with very little going to the principal . With most people moving to a new one -LRB- trading up -RRB- every 5-7 years , they wind up paying LOTS of interest with very little to show for it . The banks get VERY rich this way.With this book , you can learn how to move out of that pool of quicksand and stand on solid financial ground . Harj writes clearly and simply without talking down to you . He lays it all out from beginning to end , and everywhere in between.More than worth the INVESTMENT in your life . Definitely read it .
 I have been a home owner for 16 years . I still have not paid off my mortgage . I wish I had known about this book 16 years ago . I would have owned my home by now . Other companies with this concept wanted to charge me $ 3500 to learn this technique . I simply bought this book , and then I used the coupon that was included with it to purchase the software online . The coupon saved me about $ 200 on the software . I am excited to start using the information in this book to own my home sooner . Thank you to Harj Gill for sharing these banking secrets with the rest of the world , so we can all save lots of money in mortgage interest !
 This book starts by giving a fundamental overview of owning your home faster by traditional standards . The book provides a systematic way to pay down principal . I recommend the book to anyone confident in trying a proven system . There is great advice in all areas of home ownership . For example , aspects of insurance and law are covered to provide people with an understanding of how all the areas of owning real property come together to provide safety . The system is new and will be done by millions once financial freedom is realized .
 ... if it is a small mortgage this system is really not of much use . Before you naysayers boo me on this please read on . I have run the numbers doing a simple extra payment plan equal to paying off the HELOC that this book recommends you use . First of all you need to know the theory . The theory is simple . YOu get a HELOC -LRB- you need to have equity in the property you are attempting to eliminate/accelerate . -RRB- If your home was purchased prior to the drop in real estate values then the 10 % , 15 % or 20 % you put down has vanished so you do n't have a way to get a HELOC because the HELOC requires that you have equity in your home . YOu also have to qualify for the HELOC with a financial institution . This would require you to have extra income to be able to pay for your HELOC payments along with your usual mortgage payments . An example you would be you taking out a $ 15,000 HELOC . In the first month of your mortgage you take out $ 10,000 from your HELOC and you throw that at your mortgage along with your first month 's mortgage payment . This reduces your mortgage by the total of the $ 10K plus your monthly payment . You now have reduced your mortgage balance by quite a bit and thereby eliminated a lot of interest you would have to pay . Next you spend the next 6 months replacing that money by making 6 payments of $ 1666.66 -LRB- actually a bit more depending on your interest rate -RRB- per month thereby taking your HELOC balance owed back to zero . You then throw another $ 10,000 again from your HELOC along with that month 's payment at your mortgage again and you do it all over and over until your mortgage is gone . Depending on the size of your mortgage your mortgage will be gone in well under half the 30 years that you were scheduled to pay -LRB- 360 months . -RRB- Remember that you still have to make your usual monthly payments every month . Now if you just happen to have even more extra money then you can throw that money at your mortgage too and that will save you a pile of interest and thereby pay off your mortgage even sooner . The reason you do n't use all of the $ 15,000 HELOC is because you want to be sure you have the $ 5000 available in case of an emergency . Chances are pretty good that between your mortgage and your HELOC that nobody will issue you anymore credit so that $ 5000 is there to take care of any unforeseen event . Now on to why this BOOK 's THEORY is NOT necessarily all that great . If you were to simply pay the $ 1666.66 extra every month rather than doing the HELOC method you would only take 2 months longer than doing it with the HELOC . The interest rate is nor the amount of the mortgage makes a difference . The only difference is in the amount you will save since the extra two months will be 2 times the monthly payment more that you 've paid plus a little interest . Now if you have a large mortgage then your payments are big and that times 2 equals substantial money . If your mortgage is small -LRB- like $ 200K or $ 300K -RRB- then it 's really not even worth the hassle to set up the HELOC . THE DANGER OF THE HELOC is something that people without discipline should not undertake and that is the availability to more money -LRB- more debt . -RRB- If you ca n't resist the temptation to spend then stay away from a HELOC period because if you ca n't pay the bank will take away your home . YOU DO N'T EVER WANT TO LOSE YOUR HOME !!!! TRUST ME , BEEN THERE DONE THAT ! Last but not least ... IT IS incredible how much you will save on a 30 year mortgage . Always remember that if you pay for the full 30 years you will pay nearly three times the amount of your mortgage over that 30 years . So if your mortgage is $ 200K then you will have paid about $ 600K at the end of 30 years . Saving over half that amount is much better . If you pay $ 275,000 then it only cost you $ 75,000 for the ability to make payments . Much better than paying nearly $ 400K for the priviledge of making payments . Who ca n't use an extra $ 325,000 ????? The bigger the mortgage the bigger the savings !
 When I read Mr. Gill 's book , for the first time ever , I realized it was possible to own my home before I 'm old and grey ! The book also opened my eyes to the advantages -LRB- think peace of mind -RRB- of having a strong equity base rather than being leveraged to the hilt and constantly panicked about my debt load . The book is clear , inspiring and a quick read . Above all it is informative . I feel I can now tackle my home loan and pay it off on my terms rather than the bank 's . Boy does that feel empowering ! I 'm telling all my friends about this !
 I am a retired high school math teacher and my wife taught elementary school . After we retired we moved and were not looking forward to paying a mortgage for 30 years . We are so happy we decided to read and try the system described in this book . The amazing thing is not that we will have our mortgage paid off in just 5 years , although thats pretty great , the best part is we are doing it without any change to our life style . We still take the same vacations and get out to play golf like we did before we read `` Own Your Home Years Sooner . '' If you have heard , if it is too good to be true it is n't , then you have probably heard , every rule has an exception . This is the exception to the rule . Please do n't listen to the nay sayers on the web . It really does work ... our home will be paid off in the fall of 2014 . Okay here comes the math teacher in me . You do need to have a 20 % equity position in your house . For example , if your house is worth $ 100,000 you should owe $ 80,000 or less ... if it 's worth $ 200,000 you should owe $ 160,000 or less . If you have a 20 % equity in your home you qualify for a Home Equity Line of Credit -LRB- HELOC -RRB- which is necessary for this program . Let me stop right here and say that if you are the type of person who can not be disciplined about their spending habits this program is not for you . Please stop reading and forget you ever heard about it . Here 's why . We qualified for a $ 75,000 HELOC . That money is for the program and not to be spent on `` stuff '' . If you can do that then get the book . If you ca n't please walk away now.Our son and his wife are language arts teachers . They do not qualify for a HELOC because they do n't have 20 % equity in their home . When they were visiting we sat down and crunched their numbers and found out they could pay their home off in 71/2 years . We found out that the program would work for them but they ca n't start it until they can qualify for a HELOC . I went to the website referred to in the book and found another program that this author has written . It 's a debt elimination program that is for people who do not qualify for a HELOC ... yet . I purchased the program for the two of them which they will be starting soon . Since they have n't started the program yet I do n't feel I can comment on it . If you are interested the website is speedequity.com . I wish you the best .
 I love really clever and funny books , and this one is that . The idea behind the comedy -- that the hero and heroine are quarantined together -- is really cute .
 Paige Hart is a Southerner after my own heart ! She is a lawyer in Macon , Georgia with a large family who love her a lot , but they make all kinds of crazy demands on her . So she 's always in a fix , because she always helps them out . Even though she studied tax law , her family does n't care , they ask her to help them with everything from divorce to shoplifting.Ross Bennett is a decent guy , too . He does n't have a big family , but he does a lot of charity work in the community , and he 's a very good attorney who never takes sleazebags for clients.When these two meet , they are working for opposite clients in a divorce case , and they argue a lot , in funny ways . Then one day they 're around when an explosion goes off at the courthouse , they 're sent to the hospital in an ambulance infected with a `` love bug , '' and end up locked up together for weeks ! Talk about a sexy , funny idea!I thought Paige and Ross were both very likeable people , and the way they fought was funny . I liked the way they had such a sexy relationship , and how all Paige 's relatives butted in . I also liked the way they came to realize that their feelings were n't from the virus , it was true love.I laughed a lot at this book . The situations were really oddball , and I like that a lot .
 Paige detests Ross , the opposing attorney in her cousin 's bizarre divorce battle , where the only disputed property seems to be a poodle . In the middle of an arguement , the courthouse explodes . In a transportation mishap , an ambulence on the way to the CDC picks Ross up , and he and Paige could end up with `` horny monk disease . `` As things heat up in the very small quarantine room , the question on everyone 's mind is
 I really like this heroine . She is sharp , hard-working , and generous to her big family . The hero is a good guy , too . He 's as smart as the heroine , and does a lot of good work in the community . It 's important to me to like and respect romance heroes and heroines -- it makes it more enjoyable when they fall in love , because I 'm rooting for them.I also love really clever and funny books , and this one is that . The idea behind the comedy -- that the hero and heroine are quarantined together -- is really cute , and very sexy.I think the very best part of the book is the beginning , when the hero and heroine are sniping at each other in funny ways , while we the readers know how very much they are attracted to each other . The only other funny writer I know who does witty back-and-forth this well is Jayne Ann Krentz .
 This book is very sexy ! But as exciting as that is in a romance , I really liked even more that what attracts the hero to the heroine , and vice versa , is n't just how good looking they are -LRB- though they are both , of course , gorgeous -RRB- , but that they are sharp , witty , fast-talkers , both of them . I also like that they are also both really decent , caring , generous people.Above all that , what I really loved is that Trish Jensen is a fantastically funny writer ! This book really moves along at a great clip . I could n't put it down . I kept picking it up on my breaks at work and read it straight through until late last night . I 'm going to try and see if she has any other books out . She 's super !
 Funny and sharp dialog , this one is a unique twist on that nasty virus called ` The Love Bug ' . Most people dream of getting it , or passing it on to someone they admire , but in this case , Paige Hart and Ross Bennett , both lawyers on opposite sides of a bitter divorce battle are accidentally infected with it!The culprit ? The Very Rare Tibetan Concupiscence Virus , known as TCV was transmitted when the courthouse they were battling in practically blew up from a bomb and they were exposed to the virus when the ambulance coming to the rescue just happened to be carrying the weird virus on its way ... well , you get the idea , lol ... Anyway , fun soon ensues when they are quarentined together in a hospital room for 2 weeks and the virus begins to show its symptoms ... all raging hormones ... symptomatic to the disease that is n't harmful , unless you consider what two people that hate one another with a passion can manage to do with these unbearable conditions.Trapped with nowhere to go and not much to do except ignore one another or at least try and get along ... Paige is forced to admit she is attracted to the ` Snake Lawyer ' as he is known.But as time wears on , she knows it HAS to be the virus . She hated his guts when she arrived here , now she ... well ... she has this little crush so to speak , on him and its getting worse by the day.Ross on the other hand is coming to appreciate this time to get to know his enemy better . He never realized how pretty she was or how witty she was ... or how stubborn and petty she could be . God he wanted out ! This virus is wreaking havok on his mind and his body ! Talk about permanent ... nevermind.But as time goes on , they start to wonder if its really the virus taking its nasty hold , or something far greater altogether ... the love bug perhaps?Funny with lots of hilarious dialog . The only complaint I had was the fact that most of the book took place in the hospital room and after 250 pages , I longed for them to move on to soemthing else . Worth the read though , a fun pick-me-up ! Tracy Talley ~ @
 This story will make you chuckle the whole way through ! I just picked this up yesterday and finished it today . Very easy and quick read . This is the first story I have read by this author and I was pleasantly surprised . Her writing is witty and engaging , you will enjoy the secondary characters as much as the main ones . The humor is similar to Jennifer Crusie , Patti Berg , and Rachel Gibson . Enjoy !!!!
 Anyone , who regularly goes to the Fulton County , Georgia courthouse will believe that attorneys Paige Hart and Ross Bennett disrespect each other . She feels he is low down snake while he deems her to be shrew . Anyone , especially the two lawyers preferring not to be certified as nuts , would ever suggest that below the surface of disdain Paige and Ross are attracted to one another.However , a disaster strikes when a blast shakes the courthouse . Overtaxed emergency crews rush victims to nearby Atlanta vicinity hospitals , but Paige and Ross were delivered by individuals carrying a special vial for CDC . The duo may have been exposed to Tibetan Concupiscence Virus . Better known as Horny Monk Disease , Ross and Paige are quarantined together in the already overcrowded facility , but begin to find the other oh so alluring . However , both wonder if they suffer from external or internal chemistry as they threaten to combust.STUCK WITH YOU is a delightful romantic romp that refuses to apologize for its humorous look as to whether the lead couple suffers from TLC or TCV . The secondary characters provide even more amusement as Trish Jensen takes a 1930s screwball romantic comedy and turns it into a modern day madcap adventure . The Atlanta area will never look the same for those readers familiar with the steps of the Fulton County Courthouse.Harriet Klausner
 I loved this story ! It 's a very funny , sexy , over the top , full length , contemporary romance . It stars Paige and Ross , two embattled lawyers , who are forced together in a quarantined hospital room , because they may have been exposed to a virus called Horny Monk Disease , and they use this excuse to fight their growing attraction to each other . Their self-absorbed relatives and inane clients are thrown into the mix , including Paige 's brother , Nick , who has a not-so-good history with Dr. Rachel . It all comes together in a very funny and exciting way.Note to Trish
 A quick , light-hearted read that kept my attention from beginning to end . Not the kind of book I usually read , although I 'm glad I took the time to give this one a whirl . Definitely good for a few chuckles .
 Blogger Purchase in February 2012 as a Kindle FreebieI really enjoyed readingStuck With You -- a funny , insouciant tale of two lawyers , a brother , a doctor and a disease . Now while normally I would try to say his is about love and there is nothing more magical . But here is is really about the power of belief . And , if that does n't relate to the paranormal I do n't know what does . Having something like a disease on which you can base behaviors is the basis for a lot of `` magic . '' And , a lot of medicine . The mind is the most powerful source of magic.It 's interesting that a person who is a lawyer could be so prejudiced against an other kind of lawyer based on assumptions such as all divorce lawyers are snakes . And , that the snake in question has the patience to help her come around.The plot is surprisingly complex for a lighthearted romp through the hospital bed sheets . The voice is snarky but not obnoxious . The characters fall out of type . The writing is good , with a few typos , but the sex is well written . I liked the many small details Jensen uses to make the characters and situations human or somewhat believable , like using sports as metaphors for sex , and watching to Three Stooges between visits from members of Paige 's family.This is a a fun and unusual story and I would even buy it if I had n't downloaded the promo.A solid recommend !
 Paige Hart is a tax attorney who hates divorce lawyers . She 's smart , witty , and a bombshell . She handles all of the legal work of the large Hart Clan across all fields of law . Paige is asked by a cousin to help her with her divorce , bring her into contact with the handsome Ross Bennett , the divorce lawyer for her soon to be cousins-ex-husband . The two continually exchange verbal barbs and are trying to one up each other . They ca n't stand to be in each other 's company . And then the unthinkable happens . The two are quarantined together for two weeks ! Will their animosity continue , or will it turn into something else?This book is really enjoyable . Ms.Jensen does a great job at describing medical protocol regarding quarantine . I loved the romantic tension between not only Paige and Ross , but Nick , Paige 's older brother , and Dr.Rachel Turner , the doctor in charge . The book was well written and funny , especially all the sports euphemisms . It 's not very long , but is able to pack in quite a bit of heat , without being vulgar.Trish Jensen has written ten books , and contributed to two anthologies . She did n't initially start off with the dreams of being a writer , but after deciding the corporate world was not for her , took to writing . She lives on a mountain in the Amish country of Pennsylvania and is an animal lover .
 I found this book to be just an all around great read . The plot keeps you hooked and the romance is great , my only problem was with the ending , i would have liked it to be more in depth . I would totally recomand this : -RRB-
 Paige Hart is supposedly a tax attorney , but with her large family and their many miniscule legal problems , she has become an all-encompassing attorney who is currently working on her cousin 's divorce case.The story begins with her and the opposing divorce attorney Ross Bennett lashing out at each other with their comical name calling of each other -- Ross the `` Snake '' and Paige the `` Shrew '' . Of course , from the beginning of the book you can feel that intense attraction they have for each other ; and thereby , attracting the reader that much more.As both are walking out of the courthouse still badgering each other , an explosion erupts that flings Paige into Ross . And before you know it , they are in the hospital quarantined together in the same room . Come to find out , both were transported to the hospital in an ambulance that was carrying bio-hazardous virus material . Now both of them are stuck together for 14 days under confinement until their virus , known as the `` love bug '' , can be monitored and remedied.After days together , their attraction begins to heat up and intensify that much more . During this time , the flirtatious , good-humored harassing , as well as getting-to-know each other , begins to unite them together even more . In fact , all either one can think about is the sexual desires they have for one another , and their fantasies are very vivid . The electrifying current that streams between the two is so forceful that eventually neither one will be able to control themselves . But there is a reasonable explanation for the dreaded erogenous feelings they find so uncontrollable towards each other , which they both believe is the side effects of the `` love bug '' virus . So they go along with it and eventually release each other 's nagging needs and throw themselves into each other 's arms with some heavy-duty passionate kissing and some of the most erogenous touching.But when they are finally cleared and released from the hospital , the anxiety they both feel is justified by the aftereffects of the virus . Until two days after their release , they both realize how miserable they really are without each other . And so the reader will have to read on to find out the outcome of Ross and Paige 's developing connection and those once compelling , passionate feelings they possessed . And the journey will take you through what they must endure before both realize the truth.With an adorable premise and two of the most fun-loving characters , this story makes for one sizzling light-hearted , extremely enjoyable read ... being locked up with the most hated , and yet , the most attractively hot male attorney makes for one intensely satisfying journey . Highly Recommend !
 I loved this book ! It had the perfect blend of humor and romance . In many ways , it remindedme of Jennifer Crusie 's early books or the subtle humor of Susan Elizabeth Phillips . Yes , the book had loads of lol moments , but I was rooting for this couple by the end of the book.Can ' t wait for her next book .
 This was such a clever , fun read ! I loved the situations the two characters got into . By the time I was 1/3 of the way in the book , I could n't put it down . I just had to finish it . I would highly recommend this to someone who loves to laugh and cry as they read !
 Stuck on You is a good romance story . A twist I had n't read before to get get the two lovers together ; quarantined ! Good dialogue between the characters and enough sub-plots to keep the action going without overwhelming a reader . Likeable characters including a large , messed up family , keep the story flowing . Enjoyable twists and turns along the bumpy road to happily ever after . Cute story !
 Had just finished a book and needed something to read before bed . The reviews were solid so I purchased . I laughed the whole way through . Nothing to think about , just enjoy it . If you 're looking for mindless fun , buy this book !
 You get two romances for the price of one with this book . I loved it . I loved how the storyline was n't the same old same old but something unique and different . The horny monk disease ! LOL need I say more .
 This item arrived very quickly . The item arrived exactly as I expected . Thank you very much for the timely fulfillment .
 I have been reading this -LRB- on my Kindle -RRB- while I ride my stationary bike ... makes the time go by faster and I find I will ride a little longer to finish a chapter ... if you want a lighthearted read , I recommend this !!
 I received this book from Netgalley a while back I started it but had a hard time getting into it so I put it aside to try again , and I was pleasantly surprised this time . The book is mainly about Paige and Ross however we do get a little of the relationship between Paige 's brother Nick Hart and his former scorn love Rachel Turner . Paige and Ross are both successful lawyers who are on opposite sides of a case involving Paige 's cousins messy divorce . Paige has even nicknamed Ross the Snake , because she dislikes him so much . As luck would have it the pair is in a bombing and rushed to the emergency room in a ambulance that happened to have a exotic virus the duo might have contracted while on the way.They wake up in the hospital quarantined in beds next to each other for the next fourteen days to see if they have Tibetan Concupiscence Virus . The virus makes people lust after one another , Ross and Paige are no exception to this either they are both instantly feeling the attractions to one another . However Dr. Rachel Turner informs both of them that it 's to early to be feeling symptoms . Over the next fourteen days the pair makes a contract to avoid any kind of lustful behavior that could cause them to do the unspeakable.Nick is dead set on fixing what happened back in college with the woman he loved , but she 's resistant thinking all those years ago he had left her after she helped him pass his biology test . After Nick 's persisting she agree 's to a date and learns that he did n't ditch her after the test that he 'd returned home to help his sister out and when he returned to school and she was gone he was heartbroken.This is a cute story a little heavy on the lusty parts for my taste but the romance of it was cute . I like that we get both sides of the story not just her side . Plus I love the little relationship of Nick and Rachel , everyone needs a little romance in there lives . This book at first was a little hard to get into because of the action right away but the more I got to know the characters the more I wanted to know what happens . It 's a good story with a cute ending . This book is filled with humor , that keeps you smiling through most of the book . I think the characters are well written and you get a good idea who they are . Even though her story was short I loved Rachel over Paige because she was just so sweet .
 i loved this book ! its undoubtedly a must read !! i need a sequel ! im going to be forcing the library fo get this ! it definitely deserves these 5 stars !
 Leave it to Trish Jensen to figure out a way to trap her hero and heroine in a hospital room together , under quarantine , where they have no choice but to work together , live together , and fall in love . This book is a hoot ! Light and breezy and utterly entertaining . Enjoy !
 I really liked this book because it made me laugh and I breezed through it . The premise it totally ridiculous -LRB- some kind of tropical love bug infects two feuding attorneys after they 're involved in a car accident -RRB- , but if you can get past that it 's a fun read . It 's a testament to Trish Jensen 's abilities that this book in which the two main characters spend 99 % of the text in isolation is as captivating as it is .
 Love this n all its craz-ness its was super cute u can just imagine what they would look like in the awkward moments its too funny is a must read
 REVIEWED BY
 I have never read anything by Trish Jensen before , and was really happy I stumbled on this one . Loved the story , was truly different and a joy to read . Are there more ? Because I would love to read them !
 I love this story . Loaned it to my sister and she was just as impressed as I was . Highly recommended .
 This book is a light hearted , funny , and sometimes quirky read . Good to just laugh and relax with . If you like funny romances youll enjoy this book
 Stuck With You
 I really enjoyed this new author ! The hero and heroine seemed pretty evenly matched when it came to wits , and the sex was hot ! Add in their jobs , a strange case with a dog , and medical mishaps , and I thought it was a funny riot ! I was glad there was a HEA !
 Awesome ... . simply awesome . I could n't put this down and laughed , smiled , and even got tears ! A brand new favorite author .
 Great romantic comedy ! If you love books that contain lots of humor and most probably end happily ever after , then this is a must read .
 If you want a funny , sharply written book that you can not put down , then do not miss Trish Jensen 's Stuck With You . I laugh outloud !! She is a tax lawyer - the first lawyer in her hugely extended family - and that she is a ` tax ' lawyer does not seem to register with her family . Currently , she is handling her cousin 's high powered divorce , which means she has to deal with ` the snake ' aka Ross Bennett . Does not matter ` the snake ' is gorgeous - he is still a divorce attorney i.e. a SNAKE !! The only problem , due to being exposed to a ` love virus ' she might not be able to resist the snake since they are locked together for two weeks in the same room in quarantined !! To make matters worse , her doctor was jilted by her brother back in their college days !! Ca n't get worse ?? Well it seems ` the snake 's ' client just dognapped Doodles from her cousin ... her aunt just lifted about half the hospital supplies because she is a klepto ... Do n't Miss this GEM of the Book !! WISE WRITERS AND READERS Book of the Month October 2001
 This book is laugh-out-loud funny , a great read and romantic enough to keep me turning the pages . I could n't put it down !
 I read this book in 2 days because I 'm a sucker for contemporary , humorous romance novels like this ! It was extremely sexy without being overly explicit , and I found myself trying to envision actors who would play these roles in a movie . While it was n't entirely original , it still kept my interest and I ended up really liking the two main characters , especially Ross . I mean , does a guy like him really exist ? He 's the whole package ! Anyway , it 's a great summer read . Keep them coming , Trish !
 Two lawyers are representing opposing sides in a divorce case . The thing that has the bickering couple to a stand still are two things , custody of the dog and later on some conditions on the house . Page is n't even a divorce lawyer as her specialty is tax law , but Jasmine is her cousin so she 's taken on the case for her . Ross is a divorce lawyer who has some conditions on the cases which he takes , he refuses to represent anyone who is a cheater or has been cheated on . I think this would make it harder to find clients , but it does make him a little charming . They are in fact arguing over the case outside the courthouse when an explosion rocks the place . They then later end up waking up in the hospital room which is curiously on a very dark hall for a hospital , not to mention that they are sharing a room and neither has injuries that should have necessarily caused for hospitalization.When finally a doctor shows up in the hospital room , it turns out the ambulance that picked them up may have contanimated them with TVS , some exotic disease that among other things can make you horny . There is no way to know whether they contracted the virus so in the meantime they are to be quarantined together for the next two weeks . They set up a few ground rules and try to get along all the while fight the attraction that 's blossoming between them . It 's not that many days into the quarantine that they give in to their attraction to each other with lots and lots of foreplay . But when the quarantine comes to an end was it really genuine or were the doctors wrong when they say they never contracted the virus after all.There is also a bit of a side story of Nick who years ago slept with Rachel once and did n't contact her the next day . And then shortly after she did n't return to school . I 'm glad the back story was revealed because it both made him look less bad and also the reason she did n't return to school ended up having nothing to do with him . Do he and Rachel get a second chance and do Ross and Page see each other after the quarantine or do they brush it off as nothing , either they really had the virus or an attraction as a result of being alone together for so long in such close quarters . This was a really cute romance and I 'll consider the author again in the future .
 I loved the characters and the plot and the ending ! I finished this book in less than 2 hours because I just could n't put it down ! I would recommend this book to anyone !
 Need a fun `` pick-me upper '' for a quick read - try this one . Paige is a tax lawyer handling a cousin 's divorce case while Ross is a divorce lawyer handling the cousin 's spouse 's side of the case . They ca n't stand each other - until they are forced to spend unlimited time for 2 weeks quarentined together in a hospital due to being exposed to a virus . Virus - The LoveBug ! Lots of passion - due to the virus or could it be love ?
 Spunky with cheeky humour and wits , Trish Jensen 's under-rated gem of a romantic comedy tells of two antagonizing attorneys , Paige Hart and Ross Bennett , who after a court session suffers a bomb blast and are hospitalized , diagnosed with Tibetan Concupiscence Virus that heightened sexual awareness . Their closed proximity forces them to deepen their understanding . Paige 's large and comically larcenous extended family as well as a side romance between the doctor and Paige 's brother provides first-rate entertainment while we are stuck with the oddball couple in their tension-filled and delightfully emotional romance . Trish Jensen delivers dimensional chracterization through punchy dialogues that are fresh , witty and funny .
 Other reviewers have focused on the implausibility of the plot . True , it is about a couple exposed to an aphrodisiac-type virus . It 's clearly mentioned in the product description . However , I found it to be quite entertaining . The dialogue is at times very funny , and the sexual tension is palpable . When they begin playing baseball ... well , things get really interesting ! I also liked Paige 's crazy family , which includes a kleptomaniac aunt . The characters are likable and behave appropriately , considering their backgrounds . It 's not always an easy road to love for these two , but it sure is a lot of fun !
 I absolutely loved this book . Yes , it is a typical romance novel , but that 's why we buy them . I loved the interaction between Paige and Ross . Paige 's family was a little over the top by so hilarious . I would definitely recommend this book .
 I 've found so many books on Kindle that did n't grab me past the first few pages . This one kept me turning them . Yeah , the situation was a bit over the top , and I did n't find the writing that outstanding , but it was entertaining . Paige 's family are a unique clan , and both Ross and Paige are likable characters . There was plenty to like about this book . Of course , if you 're not into romances , then this probably is n't your cup of tea . I gave Stuck With You four stars rather than three because the author held me captive to the end . It was a fun read .
 This book is about two lawyers -LRB- Ross and Paige -RRB- that were hurt when there was a blast . They were taken to the hospital in an ambulance and on their way they could have possibly been exposed to the `` love bug '' virus so they had to be quarantined . They had to be in one room together Paige did not like Ross because he was a divorce lawyer . But because of this `` love bug virus '' they are becoming attracted to each other and they think it is due to the virus but come to find out they never were infected and they find out that they were just really attracted to each other.This book is absolutely hilarious . It made me laugh and I absolutely love this book . If you want to read an awesome book that is funny this is the book for you.Book DescriptionPublication Date
 Giving this one 4.5 stars . What a great read ! I enjoyed this book so much . It was silly , quirky , funny and cute . A great book that I could just get lost in . It did n't require tons of thought , it 's a simple light-hearted story that had me giggling almost non-stop . I also loved Ms. Jensen 's voice so much . I need to get my hands on her backlist pronto!The characters were endearing , believable , and easy to relate to . Paige and Ross were great together , but I have to admit the way Paige treated him at the end kind of made me want to slap her . It did n't last long though ! All was forgiven . There 's also the bonus of the side characters Rachel and Nick 's reunited lovers romance that I -- normally -- would n't care for , but was balanced with the main plot perfectly . So in essence I got two great romances ! Win!Overall , I 'm thrilled with this book . The pacing is great , the writing is excellent , I could n't ask for much more . I loved the snappy one-liners , and the general humor of the story , especially the hospital scenes ! This was a feel-good read from start to finish , and even with a windchill putting temps into the negative digits outside , I was warm and happy inside with this book !
 Please check out readingtsinoy in blogspot.com for more reviewsThe Shrew and The Shark.Lawyer Paige Hart hates no one more than Ross Bennett , the divorce lawyer against whom she is battling in court . Unfortunately a bombing sends them both to the hospital where they are forced to share a room as they are believed to have caught the new virus called Tibetan Concupiscence Virus , more commonly known as the Horny Monk disease . In quarantine both find their attraction for each other growing . The question is , is it the virus or is it true love?Paige is the ideal lawyer who fights tooth and nail for her client , especially if her client is a relative ... . which it always is . A tiger in court , she is otherwise nave out of it . Having been burned in college by a former boyfriend -LRB- who turned out to be a Married boyfriend -RRB- , she has never been with anyone seriously since , believing that men in general can not be trusted , especially Divorce lawyers like Ross . But forced together in quarantine , she could n't be more surprised to find that Ross is the complete opposite of the pompous jerk she always thought him to be . Instead she finds him irresistible in his gentleness , thoughtfulness , kindness and philanthropy . she blames the horny monk disease for her slow change of heart and eventually gives in to her very strong physical attraction to Ross.These two characters sizzle in their hate , lust and love for each other . Added bonus is the sarcasm full of humor and bite . From the very first page you know they would end up in bed , many times over at that . Apart from these two there 's also the supporting characters that gave the book its extra ooommph , specifically Paige 's brother Nick and their -LRB- Ross ' and Paige 's -RRB- doctor Rachel . Theirs is about unrequited love , missed opportunity , delayed closure and hopeful continuation . A thrilling extra story within the main story.Overall a fun book I would recommend to adult readers .
 I enjoyed this book , it is a crazy story but it is fun!Paige Hart is a lawyer who works practically ad honorem for her big and crazy family . Ross Bennett is a divorce lawyer who has no family at all . They can not stand each other . Both are misteriously infected by the love virus and need to stay in the same room of the hospital in quarantine . The plot is crazy , but you will enjoy it !!
 This book was very entertaining and a quick read . The concept of a virus causing people to be `` amorous '' is hilarious , and the interaction of the two lawyers who are infected ... what an imagination ! I 'm glad I read this .
 I have to admit these silly style covers are a wee bit of a turn off , but my better half insisted I read this book and I am glad she did.Trish Jensen is utterly brilliant . She has a sharp , witty way of laughing at the quirkiness in people , but with warmth that is just utterly delightful.From beginning to end , it was one big laugh after another.WHY IS THERE NOT MORE JENSEN !!!!!!??? WE NEED MORE !!!
 This story is n't only about Paige and Ross , it also happens to be about Paige 's brother Nick and an old college fling Rachel , which so happens to be the doctor taking care of Paige and Ross at the hospital.If things could n't get ever weirder just from that sentence alone , hang tight because there is more.Paige and Ross are also opposing counsel for a divorce case and they loathe each other ... well maybe.This was actually a really cute story filled with lots and I do mean LOTS of sexual tension and innuendos.More so , if I am being honest , than I thought there would be . There are also some rather steamy scenes between Paige and Ross both in and out of their stay in the hospital so beware . I kind of wish I would have known that coming into this story.Underneath all that sexual tension though truly is a well written love story that will keep you wanting more and has a very cute ending for both couples , which I really enjoyed . I am so glad we were n't left wondering what happened between all of them . I am glad that we got to see an ending of sorts -LRB- or maybe beginning would be the more appropriate word -RRB- for each couple.This is definitely more adults and not for those that shy away from some heated scenes between the couples -LRB- nothing too graphic but still very much not YA -RRB- .
 This was the first book I read on my Kindle , my daughter had put it on for me to try.I enjoyed the book , lots of twist , but enjoyable . I would read more of Trish Jensen books .
 Nothing in it is a surprise , but it was an interesting book . I love hostility-turned-to-romance stories , so this was right up my alley . They eventually come to respect as well as want one another , which is becoming more and more hard to find . By the end of the book you feel as if they might actually have a future if they can get out of their own way .
 A fun witty romantic comedy . I love Trish Jensen 's romantic and humorous approach with the two couples in this book . She has such a great sense of humor and creates very lovable characters -LRB- oh and the men are HOT ! -RRB- that it brings you that much more into the story.Paige is a tax attorney that loves her family . All infinite amount of them . She loves them so much she 's taken it upon herself to give them her services in other fields of law . It 's not a pleasant situation in any case for her . But she does it because she loves and respects them . One day she is in court helping a cousin with a divorce . She 's walking through the courts speaking with the opposing attorney and is suddenly knocked out by debris from an explosion . She wakes up to find herself in quarantine with no one other than her least favorite divorce lawyer on the planet Ross the shark.Ross is shocked to see the bare bottom of Paige through her hospital gown as she is trying to make her way to the bathroom of their shared hospital room . He can not help but to look . He always did find her attractive . Just unapproachable . He can not believe the opinion she has of him without knowing him , but keeps his lips zipped to avoid any more conflict than necessary . That is until he finds it 's quite fun to be outspoken with her and get her cheeks a flame with embarrassment.Nick Is Paige 's brother and a well known architect . He gets notified about the courthouse explosion and immediately heads to find his little sister . He finds her in quarantine with a male room mate and a very beautiful doctor attending to them.Rachael is the attending physician to Paige and Ross . She is unaware of the fact that Paige 's brother is . . Paige 's brother , until he shows up to visit Paige . Rachael recognizes him instantly and can not believe that he does not recognize her . She 's livid ! They attended college together many years ago and have a past . She is far from ready to confront him on why he 's never contacted her and just disappeared . She also is not going to volunteer information . . Like who she is.Both pairs try to repair the relationships they have once had or desire to have . It 's mainly the males that have their work cut out for them . I love the spunk both females have and the fact they are both fearless -LRB- with the males -RRB- . It 's a fun , romantic and satisfying experience as all unfolds and the truth comes out for all .
 Well the story was definitely not what I had expected . Very , very interesting and definitely not something I have read before or probably will read again . Very unique .
 This was a really fun read . The dialogue was witty and clever . I really enjoyed the progression of the romance . It probably could have been tied up a little sooner . The last 10th of the book kind of drags out the story with storyline that should have been introduced sooner or ended before it was introduced . I do wish more of Nick and Rachel 's storyline had been included , just because I enjoyed their banter and potential . I recommend to any modern romance fan .
 If you are looking for a humorous , contemporary romantic novel ` Stuck With You ' is the book for you . The characters are well developed ; even the secondary ones are very humorous . It had me laughing out loud in parts . Although the plot is a little over the top , it is great fun and very easy to read ; perfect for unwinding after a hard day .
 My Review : If you like fun contemporary romances , then this is a book that you will probably enjoy . This is the story of two lawyers that are on opposite sides of a divorce . As they leave the courthouse , arguing , they are caught up in a bomb blast . Then on their way to the hospital , they are caught up in a bizarre ambulance accident where they are exposed to a virus . A virus that forces them to be quarantined for two weeks . A virus which manifests itself through sexual arousal . Because of the large blast that occurred at the courthouse , all the hospitals are full of injured and these two lawyers are quarantined together because of space issues . Can you see how fun this is already?The basic story line of this book is HIGHLY unlikely and more than a little unbelievable , but you all know , I read for entertainment . If you can ignore that issue , you will completely enjoy this book because it really is fun . The sexual tension is through the roof for these two people who honestly do n't even like each other ... at first . Their injuries from the initial blast are minor so you have a story where two people that are sexually drawn to each other are trapped in one little room 24 hours a day for 2 weeks . The scrabble game had me laughing completely out loud ... that and their daily questionnaire about their symptoms with their doctor . Seriously funny ! They get to know each other really well , but even with that , there are some surprises for them once they get out.Both of these characters were completely like-able . They have their reasons for what they do . They just ca n't see that yet . I loved Paige 's huge family of characters and Ross ' envy of them . The additional sub-romance between their doctor and Paige 's brother Nick was brilliant . I absolutely LOVED their story and thought that it added so much depth to the story.Honestly , this is just a book that was fabulous and fun . If you are looking for a read for a mental escape , this is the perfect read . It was highly entertaining and I loved it !
 Thirty-two-year-old , happily single Paige Hart of Macon , Georgia , is the only lawyer in her huge extended family , including six brothers , two sisters , a retired Army-master-sergeant father , housewife mother , and `` way too many aunts , uncles and cousins . '' In the eight years since she passed the bar exam , Paige 's colorful relatives have foisted endless legal problems on her -- almost none of which have anything to do with her actual training as a tax attorney . The latest example is the extremely messy divorce of her cousin Jasmine , whose wealthy , soon-to-be-ex husband is represented by Ross `` the Snake '' Bennett.As far as Paige is concerned , all divorce attorneys are snakes . And it does n't sway her opinion a bit that Ross is an extremely smart and handsome snake . But when the sexy , opposing counselor flashes a come-hither grin and matches Paige zinger for well-placed zinger , she succumbs to grudging admiration -- and an unsettling rush of exhilaration.Ross has tried hard to ignore the gorgeous looks of honey-blond , cat-eyed Paige since their first meeting , when she strode into his office like an avenging angel and blasted him with her lightning tongue . He ca n't afford to be distracted in this case . Paige is one sharp cookie , and some of the strongest legal competition he 's ever faced.Page and Ross gleefully haggle and brangle , until the morning mobster Boom Boom Carbone sets off an explosion at the courthouse . Though Paige is flung on top of Ross , knocking them both down , their injuries are so minor , they might have gone home with a Band-Aid and an aspirin , if not for the accident -- the ambulance transporting them to the ER bangs into a car , and vials slated for the Center for Disease Control splatter their contents in the patient compartment.Paige is horrified when she 's forced into two-week quarantine in the same room with The Snake . Even worse than that is the reason for it
 This book was great . The `` virus '' was a nice touch . I loved it when they 'd say one thing but mean another . I highly recommend this book .
 Stuck With You was a really charming story about two battling lawyers , Paige and Ross , who are quarantined together for two weeks in a highly improbable -- but very funny -- situation . They both have very likable personalities and the dialogue is snappy and fun to read . There is another romance going on at the same time between Paige 's brother , Nick and Rachel , who is Ross ' and Paige 's doctor , who renew a broken relationship from their pasts . All the characters , both major and minor ones , are three-dimensional and interesting and the imagery was vivid and made me really see and feel the events in the book . Both the writing and editing were very well done and the story flowed well from beginning to end . I really enjoyed reading Stuck With You and it gave me a lot of smiles . I am happy to recommend it to others and I 'm sure they will like it , too .
 I bought this book because it was on sale . It read like a situation comedy . Very entertaining.I 'll probably try another one of Trish Jensen 's books .
 This book taught me how to put together a whole home studio with a computer adn different kinds of keyboards and synthesizers . It was clear , easy to understand and even pretty funny . I definately recommend it to anyone who wants to learn about MIDI , synthesizers , home recording , song writing or film scoring .
 Very comprehensive , can get you up and running in 48 hours . A very thin book that contains the bare essentials as to familiarize yourself with MIDI and the initial steps to set up a working compilation of MIDI products . Explains concepts such as sequencers , samplers , MIDI-IN/OUT/THRU and countless more ... the good part is that even though it holds great amounts of information , the book is orgenized in a way that is easily referenced in the future . It 's easy ... it 's wonderful .
 Who would be better at writing an over view of MIDI than Mr Rona , who was one of the founders of the MIDI Manufacturers ' Association ? i am thoroughly enjoying this book , because it is not too technical for the average reader , and yet it does explain the internal functions of computers and digital machines to the extent of providing a good understanding of the instruments we use . i always find it useful to know a little background information to anything i 'm learning , and there is a -LRB- very -RRB- short history of how MIDI was developed . the book is written in a very lively manner , with some subtle humour found in the illustrations , veyr clear -LRB- almost condescendingly simple -RRB- diagrams . the sections are structures in a logical way , so the whole learning process is very comfortable . i know nothing about computers , and wanted to really understand how MIDI works so that i can properly hook up a few pieces of drum machines/sampler/sequencer / MIDI controller i have , and i find this book very helpful . i highly recommend it for the MIDI newbie .
 This book is thin and concise , I have read many books on MIDI and have found none to be as useful as this and has my full recommendation.I was prompted to write a review due the poor and inaccurate reviews that say it is out dated . Sure maybe buying a book about Microsoft operating system that is 10 years old would be considered out dated but that is far from the case here.I challenge anyone to find a more concise book explaining MIDI anywhere . If you have read another MIDI book better than this , I most likely have read it and disagree with you ! All the info in this book applies to working with MIDI in this year 2005 in any audio work station today or your Akai MPC or whatever.As far as the reviewer that said their pages were stuck together , I am sorry , mine was not like that and you just got a bad copy .
 This is a great book by the long-time contributor to Keyboard Magazine Jeff Rona . It eases the beginner into the basics and thoroughly covers everything you 'll need to know to get started in the whacky and wonderful world of MIDI . It 's a very decent reference book that should be on the shelf of all musicians who would like to take advantage of all the creative possibilities that MIDI offers .
 I am a student at musicians Institute in LA. . I wanted to learn more about MIDI and bought this book.It has old pictures and couple sections are out of date . But if your are able to tell the difference between todays computers used in Music , you 'll be fine > Great explanation . Very easy discription how MIDI messages are sent , how to use them and how to put together a MIDI System > All in all a great book . Helped me a lot
 I like something that gets right down to the point , all the meat and potatoes are here . All your questionsanswered , even those you did n't know you had . Youget a very good grounding in midi , it 's technology , why it works , how it works , and then arms you withhow best to use all this new found knowledge. , so ; you can get this power to give you what you want .
 Lucas , the Duke of Canover , fell in love with Deirdre when he first saw her , but -- not being adept at showing his feelings -- he conspired with her social-climbing father to make her his wife , instead of wooing her . Severely beaten by her father when she tried to refuse , Deirdre was desperate to escape , and did not fight her attraction to his best friend Jonas , who convinced her to run from the altar into his arms and a hasty marriage at Gretna Green.Seven years later , a widowed Deirdre , despising the false values of the ton and valuing her quiet life at the Scottish cottage she and Jonas had shared during their marriage , finds it necessary to return to the London to sponsor her beloved sister-in-law on the Marriage Mart . When she and Lucas meet again after that disastrous wedding-that-never-was , sparks fly between them and rumors abound that Lucas is a blackguard who broke her heart and is determined to get revenge . The truth , however , is that Deirdre discovers that he is not the blackguard she believed him to be . In fact , he is a fine , worthy man who wanted -- and surprisingly still wants -- only to love her the rest of her life . Does she have the courage to forsake the quiet life in the Scottish countryside for marriage to a man she thought she despised for seven years ? Will Lucas make the same mistake of letting her go without a fight?Although I started this book late in the evening and planned only to read a chapter or so , I found myself completely engrossed and could not stop until I had finished it . I will definitely look for more books by this author .
 The widowed Deirdre Macvail has absolutely no desire to leave her lovely Scottish cottage and journey to London for the Season . Certain that the ton remembers her scandalous departure from Society , she is reluctant to face their censure -- and even more reluctant to face the man who precipitated it . Unfortunately , Deirdre promised to bring out her young sister-in-law , so to London they must go . With a stop enroute to attend a party in Edinburgh.Lucas Gower , the Duke of Conovar is a Corinthian , a war hero , and the most eligible catch on the Marriage Mart . He 's also a man whose heart was broken seven years earlier . Deciding that he needs an heir , Lucas determines to look over the marriageable misses and choose a wife.Deirdre 's and Conovar 's first encounter is memorable . Deirdre describes it
 I 'd never read any of Emma Jensen 's books before this one , and I 'll now be searching out more . This is a wonderful book ; Ms Jensen demonstrates some great skills of storytelling , characterisation and emotion in this tale of a widow who has to confront and deal with the man she jilted seven years earlier and who she believes to have been ultimately responsible for her husband 's death . And yet she discovers that the Duke of Conovar is nothing like she imagined . And very soon , because of the cruel gossip which starts to spread about him , she becomes his staunchest defender rather than his enemy.There are some heartwrenching scenes in this book , as well as some dialogue which had me glued to the page . It 's impossible not to be touched by Conovar 's sincerity or Deirdre 's anguish as each finds out that they were mistaken about each other and about other characters whose actions impinged on their lives and destroyed their relationship seven years earlier.I thoroughly recommend this book , and I 'm completely bemused by Susan Johnson 's review , below . Ignore it , go with the other positive reviews on this page . This book deserved any and every award it won !
 Without quite realizing it , I appear to have been picking up several RITA winners among traditional Regencies . One such book was Butler 's The Rakes ' Retreat . Another was this one -LRB- Jensen won another RITA for A Grand Design , before moving on to historicals -RRB- . This is a book hard to describe easily . It had an irresistible first chapter -LRB- from the publisher 's website but a deeply buried section -RRB- where the widowed heroine Deirdre is coaxing and cajoling her spoiled young sister-in-law to get ready for the ball . When she arrives , she has to continue worry about Olivia who has expressed her determination to marry only an earl -LRB- or at least an earl -RRB- . Deirdre is not comfortable with society , and we find out why in the last paragraph of the first chapter - she has jilted a highly eligible suitor at the altar and eloped to marry her late husband . And you can guess what is about to happen - the rejected suitor arrives at the ball in Edinburgh . He is a duke , no less , the man whom Deirdre jilted and humiliated so publicly , and the man who was responsible for her husband 's death.As the book progresses , some of our preconceptions from the first chapter are demolished in rapid succession . Deirdre misses her late husband , but she is * not * `` Deirdre of the Sorrows '' as she has been labelled by the ton . She was not a heartless jilt . She ran away from a marriage into which she had all but been sold by her social-climbing parents . Her fiance was not a duke then , but a second son of a duke . And the man she was to marry was the heir to a baron . Deirdre has a strong sense of her own self-worth , and she ran away from the church in part because she was not asked whether she wanted the marriage , and in part because the groom gave no sign of loving her.So , the Duke is a heartless peer out to marry the prettiest face around , or is he ? That is the idea society now has about him , thanks to rumors spread by a mysterious person or persons . Conover -LRB- the duke -RRB- believes that either Deirdre or her sister-in-law must be responsible but can not blame them entirely . He failed to convince Deirdre of his real love for her then , and he fails to do so now . In fact , revelations about his actions past and present have a way of coming back to haunt him . Not to mention that a nasty spat he and Deirdre have in public backfires on him more than on her . So much for Deirdre 's belief that the ton would take the Duke 's side . Even his friend 's mother Lady Hythe publicly chastises him - more than once.All this explains the title `` His Grace Endures '' -LRB- one of the harder to find Jensen titles -RRB- . For the rest of the book , Conover must confront the effect of his past actions or inactions , and he must also unmask the person who is slandering him . But there are no black villains here . Conover 's enemy , for want of a better word , has his reasons.The book was wonderful , with meditative dialogue by Conover and others , with surprise built upon surprise . There was Galahad , the incontinent monkey and the stiff Earl of Hythe and his prudish mother -LRB- who will appear to greater effect in another Jensen book BEST LAID SCHEMES -RRB- . There is also a reference to the heroine of WHAT CHLOE WANTS.However , the book was ever so slightly lacking in passion . While I could understand Conover 's regrets over the past -LRB- and his constant thoughts of Deirdre helped here -RRB- , I did not get the sense that Deirdre was in love with him , although I realized that she was not indifferent to him of course . What was the hardest was identifying when and how Deirdre had fallen for Conover . Did she love him even as she was eloping - and listening for his voice at every stop ? Did she love him only when another elopement was prevented ? The answer did not strike me.The second problem was the ending . It seemed too abrupt , and not in keeping with either Conovar 's or Deirdre 's characters . This was a minor problem but one that spoiled the book slightly for me along with the other issue I mentioned.Rating 4.2 Recommended
 Una excelente gu&iacute;a para todos aquellos que deseen concer m&aacute;s aobre el vino y su mundo . De forma amena y sencilla explica los principales conceptos y orienta sobre temas b&aacute;sicos como la elecci&oacute;n del vino corecto , principales tipos de vino , c&oacute;mo comprar vino en restaurantes o tiendas , etc. .
 As the title sounds , the author explained very well about the integration issues that companies who are aiming to become World Class Manufacturing companies status should look into . I stongly suggest those professionals who are being involved in the ERP business to read this book . Flow chart diagrams represent the best way to describe the integration processes among functional areas .
 Although I read this book many years ago I recall that it is a well-written and engaging examination of women 's sexuality . The difficulties that many young women face as they mature into fully functioning sexual adults - as mitigated by their upbringings as well as the varied expectations of society and their partners - are nicely illustrated through a series of real life case studies . The author , Dr. Bardon , was a teaching and research member of the faculty of the University of Minnesota from the early 1960s through the late 1990s . Some of the book will undoubtedly be dated , but much of it is just as relevant - ... - today as when it was written in the mid 1970s . As used copies are readily available through Amazon.com I highly recommend picking one up .
 If I were to choose one book on Bible prophecy ~ This is it ! It was written in 1888 by a woman -LRB- Ellen G. White -RRB- who left this world at the age of 85 in 1915 . Even so , it beats anything published today . Although she does not cover everything in this post 1948 generation -LRB- i.e.re - birth of Israel , True Names of the Father and Son , television , and etc. -RRB- , you will only be helped by prayerfully reading this book ! Blessings if you do !
 From the begining of this book , to the very end , you will note that the author has listed key events in history which explain in infinite detail , their relation to biblical events.Everything is very detailed , and if you are searching for answers related to history , government , economics , politics , & future events - this book will explain , and alert you to the future difficulties that we are yet to experience .
 An inspired account of the conflict between Christ and Satan and includes the last day events that God 's church will experience and the second coming of Jesus .
 The sweetest thing known to Lauryn Hill was ' a kiss on a collar bone ' . While a kiss is truly a sweet experience , I 've tasted a richer sweetness when I journeyed to the Motherland through Lord Berkley 's Wife . As I combed the pages to feed my literary sweet tooth , I nourished my insatiable literary appetite with succulent words of luscious fruit , exotic meals , erotic moments , picturesque scenes , and undying love and friendship . I was n't sure if I should eat it , drink it , feel it , or read it . I explored all facets of this novel and enjoyed every morsel -LRB- page -RRB- ! Lord Berkley 's Wife -LRB- LBW -RRB- is an exciting read and romantic journey to the Motherland . It cradles you in its bossom of simple sweetness . LBW is beautifully written , and it is simply beautiful . I thoroughly enjoyed the characters -LRB- Jacques , Margaret , Adjoa , Judith , Jonathan , Lord Bejamin , and their friends -RRB- who bore no inhibitions . They were so real and loving ; readers will fall in love with them too.The author did an excellent job in capturing the rich essence of African culture and blending it with European values . The mixture is titillating and intoxicating . I am grateful the author has shared this history with Americans and others abroad who must read it .
 When I purchased this small hardcover book , I did n't expect very much . I was pleasantly surprised when I read it in one sitting , twice ! You will not want to put this one down.LBW is simple , yet romantic . The story originates in Africa with childhood friends , Jacques and Margaret . Margaret moves to London and weds Lord Berkley . When the childhood friends return to Africa , the storytelling becomes richer . Even when they are separated by continents , decades , and lovers , Jacques and Margaret maintain a sweet friendship.This is a must read that is well-written and culturally enlightening .
 If you wonder how the struggles that you face in network marketing affect your and your spouses life , this book is great . You get a great prospective from a wife that went through the struggles of being at home while her husband was out building their future wealth with network marketing . A great book for anyone who has a negative spouse towards the industry .
 I received the California Heritage cookbook in 1979 as a wedding gift . Inside the book was the following note from our freinds `` if it is true the way to a man 's heart is through his stomach then this cookbook will assure a lasting marriage . '' My husband and I have been married for 21 years and our still very happy . The recipes in this cookbook are relatively easy to make , but give the appearance that hours were spent making the meal . Everyone who has ever experienced a meal I 've made from this cookbook always ask for the recipes . Over the years I have given this cookbook as a wedding gift also .
 I use this book whenever I entertain or am asked to bring an item to a gathering . Nothing is overly complicated ; and every recipe I 've tried is exceptional . Some favorites
 I was first given this cookbook as a gift 15 years ago and it has delighted many a guest whenever I have prepared one of its recipes . It is not a book for those who have only basic culinary skills or those looking for a tabloid 15 minute recipe or `` light '' recipe , but it is for those who enjoy creating culinary delights which your guests while enjoy and rave about .
 I RECEIVED THE CALIFORNIA HERITAGE COOK BOOK AS A SHOWER GIFT IN 1974 . I HAVE USED IT CONSISTANTLY FOR OVER 25 YEARS AND HAVE NEVER FOUND A BAD RECIPE . MY DAUGHTER IS LIVING IN AN APARTMENT WHILE ATTENDING COLLEGE AND ASKED IF SHE COULD HAVE HER FAVORITE COOKBOOK TO TAKE TO SCHOOL ... CALIFORNIA HERITAGE ! I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS COOKBOOK TO ABSOLUTELY ANYONE WHO ENJOYS EATING OR COOKING . I AM NOW SEARCHING FOR TWO ADDITIONAL COPIES .
 I received this cookbook in the hardback edition from a friend back in 1980 . I have used and used it over and over again . There are many favorites that I have used again and again ; the Tahoe Brunch and Lasagne , to name only two . Buy it an see for yourself !!
 The Book offers some traditional &#34; Old California &#34; recipes as well as some creative entries . The Rose Bowl Brunch is a New Years Day Tradtion at Parade Time ! Nice Book .
 Thank you so much for the cookbook . I received it in a timely manner and it was in perfect condition . What a wonderful way to receive a book that was impossible to find before .
 This book gave me a overview of tequila that included the agricultural considerations , cultural heritage , and history of mescal de tequila , not just a guide to making margaritas . It is well written with enough detail to satisfy the curious , yet straightforward enough to allow for the average reader . Exceptionally informative book !
 If you ever wonder how tequila is made , find out what an amazing process it is . Buy this book.Full of incredible rich photographs , that depict the everyday beauty of Mexico .
 I purchased this book at a museum garden in Arizona a year ago and just got around to reading it . I was enthralled . The book has more about the wonders Agave than just tequila but it has enough fun to keep a non-botanist reading . I have never before yearned to go to Jalisco and sample from the various distilleries . I learned a great deal about pulque , aguamil , and the Spanish influences of distillation . I have since tasted several tequilas and mescals and I appreciated them more than ever .
 Nab tis iz e bok . I ' v beeen dwinkinking teakilyafar sum time and I cun say itz the bast dwink tohavb ! Nah I meen et ! I ' b no dares Beer and Wienbat nothfing beets Teequilla , NOFING ! It iz datdwink tht calhmsz da nerves and makez ya feelmo relaxed . Dake it for me thot Ttequila wilbwing good sings to youz and familee and itcan mak ya feeel whandarfol ... YOO HERE VE !
 This book , published also under the title `` Poirot Loses A Client , '' has all the ingredients of an outstanding Christie tale
 In this book Agatha Christie refers to the murderers in Death in the Clouds , the Murder of Roger Ackroyd , Mysterious Affair at Style and the Mystery of the Blue Train , so make sure you have read all of these before you read this one , our your fun will be spoilt!Dumb Witness is one my top ten favourite Agatha Christie novels . Dame Christie has expressed the character of Hastings better here than in any of the other seven novels in which he appears . It is also one of the most amusing.One thing I enjoy about this book is that we are given a fair crack at the whip - everything that Poirot sees we see , there are no last minute envelopes arriving -LRB- which often irritates me -RRB- . His explanation is convincing.Go ahead and read it ! But do n't forget to read the books mentioned above first .
 At first the title intrigued me , but as i got down to reading the book , I found that the title had nothing much to do with the story . But nevertheless , i enjoyed the book . It 's about the murder of an old lady , and the suspects are the relatives after her money . So what 's the title have to do with the book ? Simple . Only one witness was there to this murder ... and the witness is dumb . yep ... we 're talikng about her pet dog here . The irony to the story is that inspite of having a witness , Poirot has to unravel the mystery , with hardly any clues . But poirot being poirot solves the mystery ... making another good book to read . Most of christie 's books are a bit similar , but not exactly same , making it possible to read most of her books without getting bored . While this sounds like one of those typical books , it 's really not . Read it ... then you 'll see .
 If you are a dog lover , you will especially enjoy this novel , which features the canine `` Bob '' -LRB- the dumb witness ? -RRB- . I guessed certain aspects of the mystery but not the murderer . Having said that , I 've only ever guessed whodunit in one of Christie 's novels so far , that being `` A Murder is Announced . '' `` Dumb Witness '' is really quite humorous , with Hastings playing the admiring Watson and Hercule Poirot at his most colorful . If you are a Christie fan , `` Dumb Witness '' will not disappoint .
 First published in 1937 , Ms. Christie 's `` Dumb Witness '' , once again , shows why she is the best of the best in murder mysteries . The book was dedicated to her deceased dog , Peter , and takes pains to have a dog , Bob , be part of the web of intrigue in this Poirot story . It is another crisp , tightly written whodunit that kept me absorbed until the very end . Granted , Ms. Christie has stumbled once in a blue moon such as the Hercule Poirot book entitled `` The Big Four , '' but `` Dumb Witness ' does not fall into this category . Also , I found some of the 1930s ' vernacular to be either interesting or unintentionally funny if it were applied in today 's society . Though I was able to figure out the solution about two-thirds of the way through Hercule Poirot 's 15th murder mystery , it was still a very enjoyable read . Ms. Christie is one of my go-to authors when I need a surefire winner .
 One of the delights of buying a Berkely/Penguin edition of an Agatha Christie novel are the covers . Clues in the case are provided . This is true of `` Dumb Witness '' a fine Christie tale from 1937 . The Plot
 Neither Poirot Loses A Client nor Dumb Witness was actually a good title for the book . Poirot could not lose a client he never had , nor was there a witness , dumb or otherwise.Nonetheless , it was an interesting story - Poirot received a letter more than a month after the writer died , written just days before the demise . The writer had not mentioned the problem except her having suspicions after the incident of the dog 's ball , and need utmost discretion to protect the family name.Upon arrival at the Littlegreen House in Market Basing , Poirot and Hastings learned that the late Ms Arundell changed her will right before her passing and left everything -LRB- except gifts to servants -RRB- to her none-too-brilliant companion Ms Lawson , denying her only relatives , 2 nieces and 1 nephew , even a single penny.Here , we saw Hastings mortified by Poirot 's employment of deceptions in gathering information from various people in Market Basing . A familiar reader would find that odd , would n't a long-time companion of Poirot be familiar with his un-Englishness approach to problem solving?The characters involved were interesting , but not very colourful . One dowdy niece married a charming Greek doctor , practically a scandal in the insular society . Another led a fast life in London , then inexplicably got engaged to a pedantic country doctor who seemed more interested in his research than her . The nephew was generally acknowledged as an incorrigible rascal , charming , but not to be trusted . Last but not least , the suddenly wealthy Ms Lawson who had an unhealthy interest in spiritualism.The sharp-eyed Poirot immediately deduced the truth of the incident of the dog 's ball which prompted Ms Arundell to write the letter . He felt he had enough justification to continue his investigation despite all signs to Ms Arundell dying not to foul play . This was a well-done tale , true to Poirot 's formula - study the murder , and you would find the murderer.There is also an interesting part in the book looking through the eyes of a dog .
 A classic wealthy-relative-murdered-for-her-money plot , witty dialogue between Poirot and Hastings , and a gripping denouement make DUMB WITNESS one of the most quintessential of Agatha Christie 's Hercule Poirot detective novels , along with THE MYSTERIOUS AFFAIR AT STYLES and AFTER THE FUNERAL . Highly recommended .
 SPOILERS TO THE MAX . DO N'T READ THIS IF YOU DO N'T LIKE THEM.This seems to be universally seen as a good Christie mystery but not one of her best . Charles Osborne says as much in his introduction to the Kindle edition . So let 's give it the four stars Christie 's genius deserves and then talk about Christie in general.I read this book first when I was ten years old , and I remember the trouble I had and how the book seemed to swell , collapse and start leaking pages , as if it were just as upset as I was . When you 're ten years old and have the leisure time to read Christie mysteries , you do n't really understand people killing one another over an inheritance.But even now that I 'm older , I 'm a little troubled by people who kill one another over an inheritance THEY DO N'T GET ! Darn ! I killed her but she had changed her will ! Oh , well . I guess I 'll just have to kill someone else . I can commit the perfect murder any time I want to -LRB- if it were n't for that darned Poirot , no one would even suspect there WAS a murder -RRB- but I 'm always so careless about checking how the will reads.Okay . Let that go . When I was ten , I foolishly thought the point of the books really was to figure out who committed the murder . If you read on that basis , you will be bored out of your mind and still not figure out who did it . Or even if you do figure out who did it , that will be because you read one page closely , and God help you if you read the other 200 pages that closely , because clue-hunting is n't worth that much effort and the other 200 pages have no important clues in them at all.No . You read a Christie mystery in order to get character sketches of middle-class Englishmen who live on inherited wealth , mixed in with a few `` paid companions '' and similar lowlifes . In this book we have an abused spouse , painted as thoroughly as anyone could wish , who turns out ... NOT TO BE ABUSED ! In other words , Christie has her cake and eats it too , in the meantime preaching -LRB- softly -RRB- a rather ugly sermon
 believe me ... i ca n't utter more ... you will satisfy with this book and yell to the high pitch ... agatha christie once again shows her critical thinking in this book with more psychological side ... she performs the best ... in addition , my truly favorite fiction detective . . hercule poirot ... has taken the tasks ...
 Dumb Witness is a great story . It talks about a dog who has seen a murder at his house . Poirot investigates the case , with the help of `` Messier Bob '' , his dumb witness
 A very good book ! A must read
 Every so often I need to re-read one of Christie 's works and thus restore my faith in an orderly universe . A universe that contains well-written books , with carefully described characters , and enough suspense to read through to the end .
 This book well worth a read.Agatha Christie at her best.I loved the involvement of the dog and the sly humour pertaing to the characters.The murder outcome unexpected and characters absorbing and varied.This book full of colour , interest and valid characters.A really good read .
 Any fan of Agatha Christie 's Hercule Poirot will be spellbound by this book . It 's Agatha at her best . I am a big fan of the old-fashioned whodunits where there are no forensics to point the way . Poirot has only those marvelous little grey cells to work with and that 's all he needs ! This book is an all-over good read .
 `` Dumb Witness '' is a slower moving , more relaxing type of mystery -- no intense drama or tension but just a well-written tragedy .
 I am a Poirot fan , so I enjoyed this mystery as I expected . The little dog in the story is precious and adds a new element to the plot . I do n't remember an animal being featured this way in another Christie book . While I was reading , I kept thinking that the plot reminded me of another Christie book but could n't remember which one . I thought I had guessed the killer but I was wrong . Which makes me like it more !
 Typical Agatha Christie novel . `` Typical '' here meaning classic . This book is definitely a page-turner , with many great characters as well as great clues and a great setting . Highly recommended . Mysteries do n't get much better than this .
 Beware ... this is no adventurous , running-by-the-seat-of-your-pants mystery . It travels slowly and with caution , yet is nontheless sinister , with all the undertones of greed , evil and black thoughts one book could have.Poirot receives a cryptic letter from a deceased old woman , who obviously suspected her death to be close at hand -- and anything but natural . It is only the stubborn Poirot who believes it to really be a murder , while everyone else looks at a very natural death as just that . The tension builds as there are no lack of suspects and WILLING murderers -- the question is , who would actually go through with it and at the same time had the ability to make the murder appear natural to every single person -- doctor and all?Because there are so few characters , the ending is not such a shock since at least for me , since I had suspected the murderer anyway . However , it is interesting to listen as Poirot explains how/why the murder was committed . I was actual ! ! ly surprised during some of his explanation of the impossible -- or seemingly impossible.I would recommend this book . It held a rather gentle grasp of me , forcing me to read the whole thing in a day . The other good aspect of this mystery was a few obvious clues laid down in the path . These were extremely valuable clues , and whether Agatha intended them to be so obvious or not they were none the less there . Most anyone should pick these clues up . And if you are lucky , and have a good grasp of poisonous substances , you might just solve the entire thing .
 The ` silent witness ' in this case is Miss Emily , not Bob ; he could n't speak in court . Agatha Christie dedicated this book to her most faithful friend and dearest companion . This book was also titled `` Poirot Loses a Client '' , misleading since Emily did not personally talk to Poirot.The death of Miss Emily Arundell was not a surprise , she had been in delicate health . Chapter 1 tells of the events in the preceding weeks . Emily 's nieces and nephew came for a visit . One asked for a loan , but Emily refused . Do old people know what it is to live ? These young ones have run through their inheritance . -LSB- Why do those who squander money think they know better than those who save money ? Is it just a psychological problem ? -RSB- Charles shows his personality at the bureau drawer -LRB- Chapter 2 -RRB- . The children of the wealthy are unhappy in their work . What if they inherited a large sum of money ? -LSB- Does an elderly relative with money attract relations like chum attracts sharks ? -RSB- At night Emily stumbled and fell down the staircase -LRB- Chapter 3 -RRB- . How could this happen ? A few days later Emily wrote a letter to Hercule Poirot -LRB- Chapter 4 -RRB- . Emily asked Poirot for his counsel on her condition . But it did n't go out until 2 months after Emily 's death -LRB- Chapter 5 -RRB- ! Poirot and Hastings visit and learn of Emily 's will
 The Dumb Witness of the title is a dog named Bob . A dog who loves his mistress and possibly is the only witness to her murder . If it was a murder ... Hastings and Poirot work together , trade quips and get on one another 's nerves as they work through a neat collection of suspects . This is n't high art , but it is quaint and well crafted . I recommend it .
 I have only read a few of Agatha Christie 's novels
 I will readily admit to being a rabid fan of John Browning 's Model 0f 1911 pistol . That usually means anything I find to read about the model I do , though the majority of it is just rehashing the same information . This books does n't provide any real insight into the model or design that has n't already been publish in a dozen other books . But what the author does is give a good overview of the weapon and some models , uses and experiences he has had with it himself . Patrick Sweeney is a gunsmith , competitor and writer and it shows . His writing is easy to read and understand without being overly simple . The book works well for casual reading or reference . That said I would recommend a glance through a copy at a local book store before buying for most people . For a very good book about the history and linage of the wonderful M1911 pistol I recommend a look at Patrick 's newest book , 1911 The First Hundred Years .
 I have read gun reviews by Mr. Sweeney many times and always found them to be well done . Now I know why . Sweeney 's knowledge is experience based . What impressed me as I read was just how much and how varied his experience is . Much of the book is framed within a real-life factual story and so the reader can be confident that the material is not from a regurgitated theory . I have a lot of respect for the author , enjoyed the book and learned .
 Valuable information on the 1911 is contained in this book . If you are new to the 1911 you need this book . It would always be best to buy the book , before making your first purchase on the 1911 , I wish I had . Many different models are reviewed .
 Read more than the table of contents ! Some people have obviously rated this book without reading it . The Author explains why some guns are included in the test and others are left out -LRB- in 2 Places in the book -RRB- . The author also talks about and praises his personal `` Colt '' 1911 's . So you Rampant Pony fans should not feel left out . This book is obviously not ground breaking as there have been many books about the 1911 , but it is very informative -LRB- gunsmithing , tactical course , competitions , & reloading -RRB- . It provides an indepth comparison of the wide variety of the modern makes of the 1911 .
 Buy this to learn more about your 1911 pistol . I really followed some things written here and presto ! , My gun worked better . -LRB- with the help of my gunsmith -RRB- Knowing your pistol can save your life and money . And knowing your pistol means that it is safer to handle and carry .
 A really good backgrounder for studying and learning more about the iconic .45 automatic by Browning . A much better price point than that which is available through Gun Digest .
 sent to Japan to a grandon in the Navy . . so did not really review the product but it look like it would serve his purpose .
 An excellent addition to the library of any Model 1911 owner . The book deals with the history , shooting and maintenance of this iconic firearm .
 This book is one of the most comprehensive books on the 1911 . If you want to know anything about the 1911 , this book -LRB- along with Vol . 2 -RRB- is the best source of information .
 Dated yet still relevant.Covers a lot of simple stuff concerning the M1911 . Mostly field stripping , slight history , and reviews of a lot of different 1911 's .
 This is an interesting and well-written book , with lots of good photos . It did n't dwell as much on the old original 1911 A1 as I had hoped . Of course , there is SO much stuff out there on the 1911 , that I guess Sweeney had to do something different to get readership.I appreciated the summary of so many custom variants on the 1911 . I was n't aware of most of them . And the reviews covered a depth of insight that I could never get from a few minutes at the range with these weapons . I did feel that there were too many times Sweeney talked about taking the gun to your personal gunsmith for tuning . I guess that not many of us have direct access to `` our own gunsmith '' or to the resources to be able to afford such a luxury . Or to firing tens of thousands of ball ammo and then switching to custom loads to fully check out a weapon.All in all , this was a great book for the price .
 This was purchased as a Christmas gift . Excellent tutorial and very entertaining . The detailed discriptions and the pictures were informative . I spoke with the recipient of the gift after Christmas and he agreed . I really appreciate Amazon 's speedy service .
 The `` Gun Digest Book of the 1911 '' by Patrick Sweeney is must reading for any fan of 1911 model pistol . Sweeney 's style is enjoyably readable , and the information provided is both informative and entertaining . If you appreciate John Browning 's masterpiece pistol and want to gain a better understanding of how it works and what can be done to make it work just a little better , you have to read this book .
 The book was bought as a gift for my brother . He likes it and we were very pleased with speed of delivery and service .
 I 'm an always learning watercolorist and this book is great inspiration for letting more passion flow into my everyday and my art . the book arrived in ` very good ' condition , as requested . Nolde 's landscapes and flowers are unparalleled in their joy for color and sense of spontaneous energy and expression . i 'm really glad i did the market buy and let Amazon find the book over a few months .
 Psychopathic predator preys on naive , desperate , young woman searching for the boyfriend who deserted her and her unborn child . At first I thought that was pretty much going to be the gist of Felicia 's Journey , with perhaps some literary embellishments thrown in to dress it up . After a couple of chapters I began to be drawn in by the way the author was steadily revealing more and more about the two main characters by sharing with us their thoughts and memories . About halfway through I realized I was hooked and that this book was much subtler and deeper than I had first thought . It becomes a steadily more intense study of obsession , delusion , and self-deception , not only of predator but also prey . One aspect of the novel that added interest for me was its depiction of the manners and culture of the English and Irish . In her native Ireland Felicia receives no help or sympathy from anyone , including her family . In England she is constantly subjected to rudeness , contempt or indifference at the hands of salesclerks , policemen and other functionaries whose job it should be to render assistance . The entire environment seems to be alien and hostile . Practically the only kindness shown to Felicia is by street people and the predator , Mr. Hilditch , who despite his sinister intentions , actually shows a certain amount of genuine concern for Felicia 's predicament . Though I found the developing story fascinating in its continuing revelation of deeper facets of character , I was prepared for it to end either in a very negative , unsatisfying way , or a positive , unbelievable way . I will only say that I thought the ending was somewhat surprising and unconventional , but some may still find it unsatisfying . More than just a suspense story , this seemed to me also a meditation on the different manifestations or expressions of humanity ; the extremes of good and evil , and the mixtures in between ; the shattering surprises that may come with self-revelation ; and how an awful and austere state of grace can come as a result of loss and suffering . I would have rated it five stars except it seemed to me that in a few places there was a very subtle lack of credibility . But I liked the style of writing , and certainly recommend the book , although it reveals a phase of life not too pleasant to contemplate .
 William Trevor 's FELICIA 's JOURNEY is a short novel that delivers a great deal . The title character , Felicia , is a teenager from Ireland to whom life has not been kind . When we first meet her she 's been laid off from a job in a canning factory , and is keeping house for her not particularly caring widowed father , two older brother and her ancient great grandmother . We learn Felicia has always been considered gawky and has not had much male attention leaving her prime to be seduced by Johnny , a young man from her home town who has immigrated to England but is home on a brief visit to his bitter mother . Not surprisingly Johnny leaves town and Felicia discovers herself pregnant . Desperate but still believing Johnny cares for her Felicia steals money from her great grandmother for fare and other necessities and takes a ferry to England to search for her seducer . It soon becomes obvious to the reader and eventually to Felicia that Johnny has lied to her on several levels . Felicia soon is befriended by the other major character in the novel , Mr. Hilditch , and the suspense/thriller aspect of the novel begins . Horrible as some of the things Mr. Hilditch has done are he is not a character we are without sympathy for especially after we discover some horrors in his own past . Some may say Felicia is somewhat of a blank but we know so much about her family circumstances and training in Ireland that we can pretty much guess what she is thinking and feeling without being explicitly told . This is a dark but expertly crafted read with an unexpected but still unhappy end for the heroine .
 This is an intriguing book of psychological suspense for which its author was the recipient of the 1994 Whitbread Award . Written by a master storyteller , it tells the story of two people whose lives interconnect , only to have repercussions for both in the most unexpected ways.Felicia is a seventeen year old motherless and naive Irish girl , who has become intimate with an Irish boy named Johnny . Of course , the expected ensues , and after Johnny has left Ireland and returned to England where he ostensibly works , Felicia is left holding the bag . Her disapproving father suspects Johnny of actually being in the British Army and , thus , a traitor to his own . He also has a few choice words for his daughter , now that she is in the family way , and none of it is flattering . So , Felicia leaves her rural village and her family and goes off in search of Johnny , having nothing more than the vaguest of ideas where he might be.She crosses the Irish Sea and arrives in the English Midlands in the industrial city of Birmingham , as she believes Johnny to be working in a lawn mower factory there . In her search for Johnny , she runs into the portly catering manager for one of the local factories . His name is Joseph Ambrose Hilditch , and he is outwardly a jovial and agreeable man , well-liked by his co-workers and meticulous about his culinary repasts . He lives in solitary splendor in the large house in which he grew up . The house is cluttered with collectibles but well - kept , although decorated in the style of a bygone era . Mr. Hilditch is , indeed , a collector , but his collection is initially far beyond Felicia 's imaginings . In fact , Mr. Hilditch has a darker side to him , which is not immediately discernible by the unwary.When Felicia first meets Mr. Hilditch , it is to ask for information , but something about her catches Mr. Hilditch 's fancy , and he finds himself keeping Felicia in his crosshairs . When Felicia seemingly unexpectedly runs into Mr. Hilditch again , he directs her to lodgings , and so it begins . As Mr. Hilditch insinuates himself ever so slowly into her life , weaving a fantasy about his own life that is sure to put her mind at ease about him . Felicia begins finding herself ensnared by this ostensibly kind and ever so helpful , avuncular man , and she initially fails to see the darkness that lies at the core of his being.The author begins the book with Felicia 's journey to England in search of her lover . Using flashbacks throughout the story , the author fills in Felicia 's background and describes the events that have brought her to the point of making this journey . When Mr. Hilditch is introduced to the reader , the author begins to take the reader into the recesses of his mind , allowing the reader to see what Felicia initially fails to see , the duplicity and cunning that is masked by his overt geniality . Like a spider to the fly , Mr. Hilditch begins laying his trap , and so Felicia 's journey thrusts her into the belly of the beast.With his carefully cadenced prose , the author explores the darker corners of the human psyche , and in the mind of Mr. Hilditch , it is dark , indeed . As his carefully constructed psychological house of cards begins to fall , there are unspeakable revelations as to what lies at the heart of Mr. Hilditch 's predilection , and it is not pretty . The author , in taking the reader into the recesses of the mind of each of the two protagonists , tries to explain how it is that each of these two flawed human beings were able initially to achieve a connection with another , only to find ostensible betrayal . What is decidedly different is the way that they each cope with that betrayal.There is no happily-ever-after ending to this story , which culminates with a conclusion that is quite bleak , robbing the reader of some satisfaction . Fans of Ruth Rendell , however , will very much appreciate the psychological cat and mouse game that is played throughout and will enjoy the author 's foray into this genre . As always , the author pens a novel that provides much food for thought on many levels , and the use of the word journey in the title of the book has a much broader meaning within the context of the story . In reading this book , fans will enjoy the elegant , spare prose that they have come to expect from this enormously talented author .
 William Trevor is a master storyteller -- he gives the reader just enough information to know where the story is -LRB- probably -RRB- going , but not so much that he holds the reader 's hand throughout . FELICIA 'S JOURNEY is filmic , Hitchcockian
 I must admit that I read this book after having seen Atom Egoyan 's stunning film version -- and I had to struggle to keep from being overwhelmed by it.Fortunately , Trevor 's work also sticks in the mind . It is an elegant dance between a self-satisfied gourmand who has a taste for young women whose lives are disordered , luring them into his web ever so slowly and cutting off their lives . Felicia is different from the others in one important respect
 This is an extremely well written thriller that left me in a slight daze by the time I was finished . A great aspect of this book is that the ending is totally unpredictable .
 Clean , spare , perfect prose and flawless psychological portraits . Trevor is one of the great literary writers
 This is an intriguing book of psychological suspense for which its author was the recipient of the 1994 Whitbread Award . Written by a master storyteller , it tells the story of two people whose lives interconnect , only to have repercussions for both in the most unexpected ways.Felicia is a seventeen year old motherless and naive Irish girl , who has become intimate with an Irish boy named Johnny . Of course , the expected ensues , and after Johnny has left Ireland and returned to England where he ostensibly works , Felicia is left holding the bag . Her disapproving father suspects Johnny of actually being in the British Army and , thus , a traitor to his own . He also has a few choice words for his daughter , now that she is in the family way , and none of it is flattering . So , Felicia leaves her rural village and her family and goes off in search of Johnny , having nothing more than the vaguest of ideas where he might be.She crosses the Irish Sea and arrives in the English Midlands in the industrial city of Birmingham , as she believes Johnny to be working in a lawn mower factory there . In her search for Johnny , she runs into the portly catering manager for one of the local factories . His name is Joseph Ambrose Hilditch , and he is outwardly a jovial and agreeable man , well-liked by his co-workers and meticulous about his culinary repasts . He lives in solitary splendor in the large house in which he grew up . The house is cluttered with collectibles but well - kept , although decorated in the style of a bygone era . Mr. Hilditch is , indeed , a collector , but his collection is initially far beyond Felicia 's imaginings . In fact , Mr. Hilditch has a darker side to him , which is not immediately discernible by the unwary.When Felicia first meets Mr. Hilditch , it is to ask for information , but something about her catches Mr. Hilditch 's fancy , and he finds himself keeping Felicia in his crosshairs . When Felicia seemingly unexpectedly runs into Mr. Hilditch again , he directs her to lodgings , and so it begins . As Mr. Hilditch insinuates himself ever so slowly into her life , weaving a fantasy about his own life that is sure to put her mind at ease about him . Felicia begins finding herself ensnared by this ostensibly kind and ever so helpful , avuncular man , and she initially fails to see the darkness that lies at the core of his being.The author begins the book with Felicia 's journey to England in search of her lover . Using flashbacks throughout the story , the author fills in Felicia 's background and describes the events that have brought her to the point of making this journey . When Mr. Hilditch is introduced to the reader , the author begins to take the reader into the recesses of his mind , allowing the reader to see what Felicia initially fails to see , the duplicity and cunning that is masked by his overt geniality . Like a spider to the fly , Mr. Hilditch begins laying his trap , and so Felicia 's journey thrusts her into the belly of the beast.With his carefully cadenced prose , the author explores the darker corners of the human psyche , and in the mind of Mr. Hilditch , it is dark , indeed . As his carefully constructed psychological house of cards begins to fall , there are unspeakable revelations as to what lies at the heart of Mr. Hilditch 's predilection , and it is not pretty . The author , in taking the reader into the recesses of the mind of each of the two protagonists , tries to explain how it is that each of these two flawed human beings were able initially to achieve a connection with another , only to find ostensible betrayal . What is decidedly different is the way that they each cope with that betrayal.There is no happily-ever-after ending to this story , which culminates with a conclusion that is quite bleak , robbing the reader of some satisfaction . Fans of Ruth Rendell , however , will very much appreciate the psychological cat and mouse game that is played throughout and will enjoy the author 's foray into this genre . As always , the author pens a novel that provides much food for thought on many levels , and the use of the word journey in the title of the book has a much broader meaning within the context of the story . In reading this book , fans will enjoy the elegant , spare prose that they have come to expect from this enormously talented author .
 This book deatails the travels of Felicia , a young Irish girl , who finds herself pregnant by a rake and travels to England to find him . We know from the beginning that she is on a fruitless task - she has been used , abused and discarded . On her search , she is ` befriended ' by a creepy man who portends trouble and worse for Felicia . The book is peopled by religious fanatics , homeless eccentridw who come alive during the night and it is always surprising to recognize the naivity and innocence of Felicia . Despite the horrors and depravity that the book allude to , Trevor never gets into the bloody details that an author such as Stephen King savors . The same monstrosities are here but they are alluded to and left to our imagination , our ability to call forth our own personal monsters and give them literary life .
 With elements of Faulkner 's Light in August , young Irish Felicia sets out on a journey to find the father of the baby growing inside her . With the same determination as Faulkner 's young woman , she seems convinced the father loves her and did not mean to leave without giving her his address . She soon falls into the clutches of Hilditch , whose dark past is eventually revealed . Rich with imagery of flowers and food , the novel shows Hilditch to be a character who wants to consume everything he can to try to fill the void of his empty life . The novel turns out to be more than a twisted detective type novel as it reveals itself to be an allegory for the relations between the patriarchal , dominating England and the poorer , more desperate Ireland . Felicia 's own great grandmother becomes a symbol of Irish pride as she , like the legend of her husband who was a revolutionary , seems to outlive everyone else . Furthermore , it is an interesting and often truthful story about a single pregnant woman making a journey to England for the possibility of an abortion or a way to make money since abortions are illegal in Ireland and jobs are scarce . Written only two years after the X case , where a fourteen year old Irish girl involved the world in her need for an abortion , this novel has more than one major relevancy to today 's politics .
 Brilliant Book . This is not about some creepy serial killer or the Bad jack the ripper versus poor girls book . The book has two central characters , both of them with some glaring weaknesses . Felicia with her naive trust and stubborn belief makes one feel that she deserves all that she is getting . But as the book progresses , her character gets better and better with the end leaving you gasping . At the other end , Hilditch 's character is very nicely sketched too . As one reviewer said , here is an `` evil '' without being Wilful.Don ' t miss it . The prose is exquisite , the suspense is chilling , the ending . . welll . . read it.-Raj
 He must be one of the greatest contemporary writers we have . William Trevor is one I most of all have admired for his short stories and essays , but with Felicia ` s Journey he has written a novel with such energy , tension and a well-crafted plot , that it must surely be regarded as one of the absolutely best books of the 1990s . Every time I look back on Felicia ` s Journey I happen to think of Charles Dickens at his best . This book belongs in every literature lovers bookshelf , next to Trevor ` s collected short stories .
 There are only two real characters in this drama , narrated in Trevor 's usual spare , sparse style that puts you into the heart of things . There 's Felicia , a somewhat plain teenage girl from a depressed industrial town in the Irish Republic . She 's the product of a convent school , but only on suffrance because her father tends the convent 's gardens . She 's inexperienced and naive and when Johnny Lysaght comes along and turns her head , her subsequent pregnancy is no surprise . And there 's Mr. Hilditch , a fifty-something catering manager at a factory in the English Midlands , who lives by himself and fancies young girls , though he 's very careful `` not to shop near home , '' as he thinks of it . Felicia runs away from home in search of the absent Johnny , but she finds it 's not easy even to survive , much less to locate an errant Irishman , in England . She 's a bit suspicious of Hilditch when he tries to help her out , but he arranges things to reduce her options , and Felicia is suddenly in very great danger indeed . Trevor does a terrific job getting inside the head of a pleasant , mild-mannered psychopath , allowing the reader to gradually understand what makes him tick . He won the Whitbread Prize -LRB- again -RRB- for this novel and he deserved it .
 There 's a strong Hitchcock feel to this novel , as well as `` Beauty and the Beast '' . One ca n't help but be impressed by William Trevor 's delicate handling of his characters , and his superb build-up of suspense . Weaving them together , and constantly holding back information , he depicts a depth portrait of humanity that is at once devastating and real . He questions whether evil people are intrinsically that way , or whether they are shaped by consequence , and emotion . William Trevor is a master in his prose , and the brilliance of the tension never ceases to revolve around the novel .
 William Trevor 's true genius lies within the short story , however , in Felicia 's Journey he proves the versatility of his skills . Barely eighteen , the young Irish girl named Felicia discovers she is pregnant after a summer romance with Johnny , a young man from England . Johnny returns to England not knowing of Felicia 's condition , and he fails to leave her a way to contact him when he goes . To Johnny the romance with Felicia was a fling , but to Felicia it was real love . Shunned by her family and distraught over how to handle the pregnancy , Felicia takes off to England alone in search of Johnny hoping that he will help her . Lost , frightened , and without money in England , Felicia is befriended by Mr. Hilditch , an overweight man in his fifties who offers to help her . The naive Felicia makes an unknowingly grave mistake by trusting Mr. Hilditch . Although he seems gentle and genuinely concerned , Mr. Hilditch is really a man suffering from psychosis who sees Felicia in a disturbing light.The events that unfold as the `` friendship '' develops are chilling . Trevor , a master at displaying human behavior , does a fine job at taking the reader into the delusional mind of Mr. Hilditch . Felicia 's vulnerabilities and blinded trust will make you want to shake some sense into her . The story provides plenty of twists and a surprising end . Once again , Trevor 's rhythmic prose will move you , but this time in a dark and shocking manner .
 Book looks great everything that was promised and arrived in great time too . Thanks ! Will enjoy reading it and sharing
 I 've only just started reading this -LRB- 20 % in -RRB- , but already I know it 's a book in which I 'm going to savour every word . Buy this book - it should be under `` crime '' - it is amazingly underplayed . Reminds me of `` The Talented Mr Ripley '' at times , but it 's even better . That 's saying a lot .
 There was a young lass of innocenceWho met a man of malevolenceHe tried to solicitateWe feared she 'd felicitateDespite his creepy concupiscence-Phil Wilmore
 This novel investigates the mystery of the forgotten ones of our modern society , those that wander the streets , seemingly lost . We encounter them in our cities daily and criticize their lack of ability to fit into society . Yet , as William Trevor explores in his novel Felicia 's Journey , it is society that is unable to fit into or around these people 's lives . In this way , the novel , usually described as Hitchcockian , is also reminiscent of Kafka . Trevor , like Kafka , puts society under a microscope and studies how its inability for flexibility creates outcasts of individuals who previously had a seemingly ` normal ' life . This story follows the journey of two characters , whose paths intersect , Felicia and Mr. Hilditch . When Felicia finds herself pregnant , she sets out on a journey that takes her from her home in Ireland to a town in England looking for the father of her baby . She soon encounters Mr. Hilditch , who the reader senses has a mystery of his own which must be uncovered as the plot advances . While he is seemingly a regular caring older man who holds a successful job and maintains an appearance of normality in his life , the crossing of paths of these two characters soon uncovers his hidden life . With the oppositional circumstances of the two characters-Felicia is homeless and friendless in England , and Mr. Hilditch has always lived in the same town and home in which he was raised-Trevor investigates and juxtaposes the circumstances within society that lead to the loss of direction , and even the disheartening loss of soul . Trevor writes a truly thought-provoking novel that illustrates the delicacy of the journey of life .
 I 'll start by admitting that I think William Trevor has few if any equals among contemporary writers -- especially considering his works as a whole . He also appears to just keep getting better and better , and ` Felicia 's journey ' is a great example of that growth.Trevor 's writing is simply luminous -- I can think of no better word to decribe it . His characters all come alive in ways that are extremely rare in modern fiction -- as the reader gets deeper and deeper into the novel , the characters are almost grown before our eyes . We know them before we realize it -- but only at the pace that Trevor controls . His powers of decription are so well-honed and subtle that reading his work is almost like seeing things with our own eyes.In ` Felicia 's journey ' , without having any of the characters ' emotions or thoughts rammed down our throats , we are intimately aware of their feelings . We can without question feel the uncertainty and trepidation with which Felicia lives her life -- more one step at a time than one day at a time . Her initial reluctance to allow Mr. Hillditch to help her is incredibly real to us . As for Hillditch himself , the evil contained in his character is revealed like peeling the layers of an onion -LRB- and I 'm not giving anything more away here than the book jacket ... no spoilers -RRB- . The novel is much more satisfying than the film made of it by Canadian director Atom Egoyan . There are aspects of the story here that the film leaves unexplored , and a richness here that is probably untranslatable to the screen , except in the hands of a master director.If you enjoy tasting the work of an author who is a master at his craft , William Trevor is your cup of tea -- and his short stories are , if possible , even more amazing than his novels . This book is a modern masterpiece , without pretentions or avant-garde experimentaion -- it 's simply incredible writing .
 This is one of those books you do n't want to put down , once you realize there may be more going on than you , at first , thought . Both Mr Hilditch and Felicia are pathetic characters , demanding sympathy , but which one survives their encounter may come as a surprise I wo n't reveal here . Very , very much like Ruth Rendell 's psychological thrillers when she writes as Barbara Vine , so there are more books of the kind , like ` Gallowglass ' -LRB- my favourite -RRB- , and ' A Dark-Adapted Eye ' . If you liked ` Felicia 's Journey ' , you 'll find many more excellent thrillers ; just look up Ms Rendell or her close friend , Ms Vine .
 William Trevor 's Felicia 's Journey is beautiful and compelling ; It has all the page-turning suspense one finds in a `` Silence of the Lambs '' or Stephen King-type thriller about a weird psycho , but it is written as beautifully as any literary novel . There is humor and compassion in Trevor 's vision of the lonely perp , and and almost Faulkner-like combination of exasperating simple-mindedness and emotional cunning in the victim . To come to an understanding of the human condition is a matter of survival in this novel for Felicia ; and a weapon in the hands of Hilditch .
 Trevor does an execptional job of captivating the reader and telling the story from the two main characters -LRB- Felicia and Hilditch -RRB- . One can not help but feel sad after reading this novel . All involved appear to be victims at various times and on various levels . Felicia , the victim of death -LRB- her mothers -RRB- and a jilted lover and Hilditch . Hilditch a victim of his mother and his need for `` friendship '' . Trevor will keep you reading and feeling throughout the book . Do not expect to feel good after reading this novel . A great book for a book group discussion .
 In this superb book , Trevor does what he has done in some of his other novels , especially `` Other People 's Worlds . '' Trevor takes the basic elements of what could easily have been a simple thriller , a piece of genre fiction , and elevates it to something much more adult . He should be on the short list for the Nobel Prize .
 I found this book to be a bit difficult to read because of the author 's habit of jumping from past to present with no warning at all . I did however find the book to be very exciting and have not been able to get it out of my mind since I finished it.I would recommend this book to anyone who likes a suspence and is looking for a change of pace . My only recommendation is to read it slowly to keep from getting confused !
 Felicia 's journey is an excellent novel . The background to both characters is well developed . Mr. Hilditch in particular becomes more sinister due to his overwhelmingly ordinary appearance . The intimations of his unusual childhood merely suggest that he may be more disturbed than his manner presumes . Mr. Hilditch 's interactions with strangers in the presence of Felicia provide the most chilling insight into the purpose of his friendship with her . It is for this reason alone that the film fails so miserably . No reference is made at all to these brief conversations . As for Felicia herself , it must be said that her character is a little limp . There are few convent girls left in Ireland who show such naivety . However she does grow more likeable , but not enough to demonstrate why she should affect Mr. Hilditch so much .
 When I discovered what the story was going to be , I wanted to stop reading -- I do not like to be in worlds I do not like . However , I could not stop reading . The language , the way Trevor mixes images like a shuffling deck of cards . The two page description of the abortion was brilliant.I felt I knew Felicia and thus was so disappointed at her ending . The shred of hope put out with the description of her father and his change of heart made me hope for Felicia . Could n't a shred of hope have been woven into Felicia 's coda so that you just knew she would pull out in the time ahead ; the Prodigal Daughter would finally go home.I was really disappointed by the summary dismissal of Felicia and began to think it was more the story of Hilditch as his story was resolved whereas Felicia was simply left in a depressing , downward slide .
 '' Felicia 's Journey '' is a departure for the Irish author in that the plot is driven by suspense more than character.Felicia 's character is pretty much unformed . A small town motherless Irish girl , just out of school and newly unemployed , she 's trapped in a round of housekeeping and caring for her hundred-year-old great-grandmother . The old lady is famous as the widow of a hero , killed in the `` Troubles '' a month after their wedding.An ordinary girl , with no particular talents or ambitions , Felicia 's keenest awareness is of her lack of prospects . Not that she plans to do anything about it . But then a young man , older than herself and back on a visit from his job in England , flatters her with his ardent attentions . And leaves her pregnant , having `` forgotten '' to give her his address in the muddle of leavetaking.After several months without a word -LRB- but he does n't have her address either -RRB- , Felicia takes her great-grandmother 's savings and runs off to England , looking for the factory where he told her he worked.The first night , she wakes , and thinks of returning . `` If she goes back now she 'll wake up again in that bedroom . There 'll be another dawn breaking on the same despair , the weariness of getting up when the bell chimes six , another day beginning . The cramped stairs will again be cleaned on Tuesdays , the old woman 's sheets cleaned at the weekend . If she goes back now her father 's eyes will still accuse , her brothers will threaten revenge . There will be Connie Jo 's regret that she married into a family anticipating a shameful birth . There will be interested glances , or hard looks , on the street ... Only being together , only their love , can bring redemption
 A nowadays story about the chance that separates the living from the dead
 He must be one of the greatest contemporary writers we have . William Trevor is one I most of all have admired for his short stories and essays , but with Felicia ` s Journey he has written a novel with such energy , tension and a well-crafted plot , that it must surely be regarded as one of the absolutely best books of the 1990s . Every time I look back on Felicia ` s Journey I happen to think of Charles Dickens at his best . This book belongs in every literature lovers bookshelf , next to Trevor ` s collected short stories .
 The most disturbing novels about murderers are the ones where the reader inhabits the killer 's mind and comes to know and , in a sense , understand him . Such is the case with ` Felicia 's Journey ' , a novel that treads a very fine line between sympathy and disgust for both main characters , Felicia , a young girl looking for the father of her unborn child and Mr. Hilditch , a refined and courteous catering manager , who sets about to befriend her . Her initial innocence and snivelling about her condition , though understandable , is grating , while the friendly and gentle Mr. Hilditch , although we -LRB- and Felicia -RRB- should know better , is the more interesting and thoughtful character . What 's at once troubling and fascinating about the novel is this general lack of sympathy for Felicia and the feeling that Hilditch just ` ca n't be that bad . ' I 'm sure Trevor has constructed the narrative this way in order to unsettle the reader , and it works . I ca n't divulge one of the most intriguing aspects of the novel , other than to say , growing self-awareness is not always a good thing . I 'm reminded of Hannibal Lecter , another likable bad boy . However , Lecter is great fantasy while Mr. Hilditch is the much more realistic and believable character . You know he 's living just around the corner . This novel is beautifully written and unusual in every sense . I can guarantee the next novel you pick up will read like lead . Best to wait a while , and let Mr. Hilditch swirl around in your head like a fine wine gone vinegar .
 Here he is again , that commander of luminous prose William Trevor . With this , his 13th novel , the master has some surprises in store as his unparalleled accounting weaves a psychological thriller.Felicia , whose appearance is deemed `` nun like '' is the only daughter of an impoverished Irish gardener . She leaves the home where she cooks , cleans and tends to an elderly grandmother to find the boy she loves , Johnny . Knowing only that he works in a lawn mower factory somewhere in the English Midlands , she embarks on her fateful journey.Unable to locate the factory , let alone Johnny , she is befriended by Mr. Hilditch , a portly catering manager with a penchant for pop tunes from the 50s , a portrait gallery of strangers decorating his walls , and a black past . Mr. Hilditch follows her , assures her dependence upon him by stealing her money , and eventually takes her into his home.Trevor 's brilliant narrative skills are showcased as he weaves the story with flashbacks , revelations of his characters ' thoughts , and displays of their dreams . As always , he is articulate and compassionate , bringing his shuddery thriller to the zenith of a conclusion .
 This is an intriguing book of psychological suspense for which its author was the recipient of the 1994 Whitbread Award . Written by a master storyteller , it tells the story of two people whose lives interconnect , only to have repercussions for both in the most unexpected ways.Felicia is a seventeen year old motherless and naive Irish girl , who has become intimate with an Irish boy named Johnny . Of course , the expected ensues , and after Johnny has left Ireland and returned to England where he ostensibly works , Felicia is left holding the bag . Her disapproving father suspects Johnny of actually being in the British Army and , thus , a traitor to his own . He also has a few choice words for his daughter , now that she is in the family way , and none of it is flattering . So , Felicia leaves her rural village and her family and goes off in search of Johnny , having nothing more than the vaguest of ideas where he might be.She crosses the Irish Sea and arrives in the English Midlands in the industrial city of Birmingham , as she believes Johnny to be working in a lawn mower factory there . In her search for Johnny , she runs into the portly catering manager for one of the local factories . His name is Joseph Ambrose Hilditch , and he is outwardly a jovial and agreeable man , well-liked by his co-workers and meticulous about his culinary repasts . He lives in solitary splendor in the large house in which he grew up . The house is cluttered with collectibles but well - kept , although decorated in the style of a bygone era . Mr. Hilditch is , indeed , a collector , but his collection is initially far beyond Felicia 's imaginings . In fact , Mr. Hilditch has a darker side to him , which is not immediately discernible by the unwary.When Felicia first meets Mr. Hilditch , it is to ask for information , but something about her catches Mr. Hilditch 's fancy , and he finds himself keeping Felicia in his crosshairs . When Felicia seemingly unexpectedly runs into Mr. Hilditch again , he directs her to lodgings , and so it begins . As Mr. Hilditch insinuates himself ever so slowly into her life , weaving a fantasy about his own life that is sure to put her mind at ease about him . Felicia begins finding herself ensnared by this ostensibly kind and ever so helpful , avuncular man , and she initially fails to see the darkness that lies at the core of his being.The author begins the book with Felicia 's journey to England in search of her lover . Using flashbacks throughout the story , the author fills in Felicia 's background and describes the events that have brought her to the point of making this journey . When Mr. Hilditch is introduced to the reader , the author begins to take the reader into the recesses of his mind , allowing the reader to see what Felicia initially fails to see , the duplicity and cunning that is masked by his overt geniality . Like a spider to the fly , Mr. Hilditch begins laying his trap , and so Felicia 's journey thrusts her into the belly of the beast.With his carefully cadenced prose , the author explores the darker corners of the human psyche , and in the mind of Mr. Hilditch , it is dark , indeed . As his carefully constructed psychological house of cards begins to fall , there are unspeakable revelations as to what lies at the heart of Mr. Hilditch 's predilection , and it is not pretty . The author , in taking the reader into the recesses of the mind of each of the two protagonists , tries to explain how it is that each of these two flawed human beings were able initially to achieve a connection with another , only to find ostensible betrayal . What is decidedly different is the way that they each cope with that betrayal.There is no happily-ever-after ending to this story , which culminates with a conclusion that is quite bleak , robbing the reader of some satisfaction . Fans of Ruth Rendell , however , will very much appreciate the psychological cat and mouse game that is played throughout and will enjoy the author 's foray into this genre . As always , the author pens a novel that provides much food for thought on many levels , and the use of the word journey in the title of the book has a much broader meaning within the context of the story . In reading this book , fans will enjoy the elegant , spare prose that they have come to expect from this enormously talented author .
 I 'll start by admitting that I think William Trevor has few if any equals among contemporary writers -- especially considering his works as a whole . He also appears to just keep getting better and better , and ` Felicia 's journey ' is a great example of that growth.Trevor 's writing is simply luminous -- I can think of no better word to decribe it . His characters all come alive in ways that are extremely rare in modern fiction -- as the reader gets deeper and deeper into the novel , the characters are almost grown before our eyes . We know them before we realize it -- but only at the pace that Trevor controls . His powers of decription are so well-honed and subtle that reading his work is almost like seeing things with our own eyes.In ` Felicia 's journey ' , without having any of the characters ' emotions or thoughts rammed down our throats , we are intimately aware of their feelings . We can without question feel the uncertainty and trepidation with which Felicia lives her life -- more one step at a time than one day at a time . Her initial reluctance to allow Mr. Hillditch to help her is incredibly real to us . As for Hillditch himself , the evil contained in his character is revealed like peeling the layers of an onion -LRB- and I 'm not giving anything more away here than the book jacket ... no spoilers -RRB- . The novel is much more satisfying than the film made of it by Canadian director Atom Egoyan . There are aspects of the story here that the film leaves unexplored , and a richness here that is probably untranslatable to the screen , except in the hands of a master director.If you enjoy tasting the work of an author who is a master at his craft , William Trevor is your cup of tea -- and his short stories are , if possible , even more amazing than his novels . This book is a modern masterpiece , without pretentions or avant-garde experimentaion -- it 's simply increible writing .
 I was new to William Trevor 's work before I bought this book . I was intrigued by the back-cover synopsis , and was encouraged to buy it by my husband , who had read Trevor before and admired his work . Fans of suspense/mystery/crime novels who like their writing smart and literary will really enjoy this book . In a mere 212 pages , Trevor weaves a chilling psychodrama between two intriguing main characters
 Irish immigration is a topic that has been dealt with to great lengths in contemporary fiction , but by presenting the subject within the detective genre Trevor manages to treat the idea of alienation from a fresh angle . The character of Felicia is on one level a modern extension of the traditional female symbol of Ireland . The story of Ireland in the twentieth century is one of leaving , and Felicia 's quest for acceptance , for love away from Ireland is indicative of this history . Yet the character of Mr. Hilditch can not be simply accepted as representative of Britain with respect to Ireland . Mr. Hilditch is a study in the idea of the facade . His house , his lifestyle , and even the way that he structures his thoughts are not what they originally seem . Similarly , Felicia 's own vision of what she expected to happen in England was remarkably different from reality.Trevor 's narrative style is divided between the perspectives of Felicia and Mr. Hilditch . I study Irish history , and specifically Irish nationalism , so while reading this novel I was constantly looking for hidden political messages or references to traditional Irish iconography or depictions of the Anglo-Irish dynamic . I found the task daunting , largely because a reduction of the novel to a ` dependent Ireland - dominant Britain ' outline seemed deceptively simple , which is yet another reason why I noted that Trevor 's novel looks at the situation from a fresh angle . Ultimately , I think that this novel works best simply as a compelling , well-written mystery novel . To attempt to read too much politics into the narrative is to undermine the elegance of Felicia 's innocence or desperation of Mr. Hilditch 's pathetic attempts to recreate something that never existed in the first place . This novel should be taken at face value , and as such it functions as a hypnotic and often disturbing mystery .
 This book is brilliantly written . And it focuses on the character it 's meant to focus on ... regardless of the title . What it did for me , -LRB- which so few books do -RRB- is let me do the work . It let me play psychologist and investigator . It let me analyze the characters . It let me decide who was pitiable , and why , and who was sinister , and why . It let me see the conception , so to speak , of a `` lost '' soul . Ever wonder . . truly wonder ... how the depraved got that way ? Or those that reject society and end up rooting through bins for sustenance ? What events led to it ? It also struck me that how and what one ate , in the book , signified almost how they viewed life and people , whether they were a rejector or a hoarder . Mr. Hilditch , a hoarder , with a house full of objects from his past and other people 's pasts , also a hoarder of young girl 's souls , kept a stocked cupboard , and ate with great gusto . And Felicia , all her belongings fitting in a couple bags , eats hardly at all , -LRB- sp . -RRB- and ends up rooting through rubbish bins after `` rejecting '' her unborn child and basically the whole of society .
 What Alfred Hitchcock did for the disturbed individual incinema , William Trevor does in literature . Although thesubject of the book is basically lurid and troubling , it becomes a springboard for a work of true beauty and com passion in the hands of one of the true masters of the English language . Only William Trevor could write about a character so despicable and get us , the reader , to feel compassion for him . The book is a real pageturner in the Stephen King tradition , yet it is a moving , compelling experience . Treat yourself to this gem of a novel .
 Dishah 's triangle of light is the best of His three books . Reading triangle of light , brought together a much better understanding of his theory and his `` hypothesis . '' Regarding , the prime colors of light not being Red , Yellow , blue but red , green and violet.In Dinshah 's book , healing triangle of light page 134 '' my system had 12 colors in all arranged on the mogen david , forming in themselves a complete circle ; as a circle has 360 degrees . Each color was separated from it 's neighbor by just 30 degree.Red being the commencement of the spectrum of white light . started at 0 degrees ; it is the first primary ; the secondary , green was at 120 degrees and the third primary , violet was at 240 degrees . the first secondary yellow , came at 60 degrees ; the second secondary , blue was at 180 degrees . The third secondary magenta was at 300 degrees . The first Tertiary commenced at 30 degrees . the second Tertiary Lemon was at 90 degrees . The third tertiary turquoise was at 150 degrees ; the Fourth tertary indigo was at 210 degree . The fifth Tertiary purple was at 270 degrees ; the sixth Tertiary scarlet was at 330 degrees . This completed the circle of attuned color wave `` After reading this part of the Dinshah 's book and that he gives credit to other researchers in the visible light spectro field . such as
 Prof. Craig looks at China through a teacher 's eye . Students occupy most of his attention in this brief account of his five months of teaching at China Youth University for Political Sciences in Beijing China . Taking a study leave from his position as Associate Director of Admissions and Adjunct Professor of Philosophy at Governors State University , Illinois , involved an enormous amount of time and energy in student contact . Fortunately , Prof. Craig has lots of energy fueled by lots of Chinese food.Rarely without the company of students , Craig managed to see some of the usual tourist sites -LRB- The Great Wall , The Summer Palace , and hiking at Phoenix Peak near Beijing -RRB- but often opted for such things as neighborhood walks , theater , restaurants , the Beijing Auto Show and the `` English corner , '' a spot at People 's University where every Friday night hundreds of people gather to speak and listen to English . He warmly commends the intelligence and sensitivity of the Chinese people.For me this was a fast , informative visit to a small fraction of China and a better appreciation of an important part of the world 's great diversity .
 this insightful work expands greatly upon already existing media studies maxims put forth by authors such as ben bagdikian and michael moore . it hones the point that the people must be able to make informed decisions in order to rule a democratic society , thus naturally prompts the question
 I have been studying Arabic here in Cairo for 3 years now and this software has been a tremendous help . Whenever I need to know the correct pronunciation of a word , I can simply click on it and hear an Egyptian say the word as many times as needed . It even lets me compare the way I say the word to the native speaker 's pronunciation . This is an audio-dictionary for your computer , which is a must-have when learning a new language ! There are several other functions that have been very useful as well - such as the study sheets , the grammar guide , the quiz tool , etc. . If you are studying Modern Standard Arabic -LRB- `` Fusha '' -RRB- , I know you will benefit from this software . There is another good MSA one called `` Modern Standard Arabic Verb Clinic '' , by the same company , but I 'm not sure is Amazon sells it . -LRB- There is also another one called `` Egyptian Arabic Vocab Clinic '' if you need to learn the spoken Arabic of Egypt . -RRB- - Richard -LRB- Julie 's husband -RRB-
 Amazon needs to fix its info for this product - it 's not an audio CD . It 's a great package of software that has helped me bulk up my vocabulary and get a better pronuncation in modern standard arabic . I learned arabic grammar a while back , but found that its hard to communicate without a growing base of vocabulary to use . THis program is helping me do that . Love the clear audio recordings !
 Learning arabic on your own is a challenge . I chose to supplement the Kitaab fi tacallum al-arabiya series with MSA Vocab Clinic to get up to speed a little faster . It gives good pronounciation help , and the word lists makes bus rides a lot more fun ...
 This is a nice tool for beginners and intermediate level learners of MSA , but if you 've been studying for a while you will find this a bit frustrating . The 4000 words utilized are good , but they wo n't take you to the next level . The lists are good , but it would be nice to be able to make your own . A section of Arabic proverbs would be very useful as well , as knowing them makes a real difference when dealing with native speakers . I would pay $ 25 for this , but no more .
 This one was for my brother . He was satisfied withthe order as received .
 I first read this book 40 years ago . It still excites me . Excellent . One to read if you like climbing , or even if you do n't .
 This may be a ` crib ' but it is possible to learn a great deal from it . It is not only about the two plays , but also contains a short biography of Sartre , and summaries and analyses of his major works , the novel `` Nausea '' and his major philosophical work `` Being and Nothingness '' . It also contains a summary of the essay on ` Existensialism ' one of his most influential works.It does not however as it was published in 1983 contain the latest revelations about Sartre 's life and work . At the time it was written my sense is Sartre 's reputation was more unimpeached than it is today . This guide stresses how much of a ` humanist ' Sartre was , and how he always focused on the human situation , and how deeply his writing is involved in the social problems of mankind.But Sartre 's gung - ho Communist Anarchism is seen by many today as less than commendable . And his personal life shown to be far more contemptible and exploitative than was previously thought.In any case this work which rightly see Sartre more as writer than philosopher provides an excellent introduction to his overall accomplishment .
 Sartre 's `` No Exit '' not only provides a version of Hell that is the complete polar opposite of Dante 's vision but he succeeds in making it seem scarier ... and funnier . The fact that these three strangers start attacking each other like small children causes the reader -LRB- and viewer if watching a produced version -RRB- to secretly chuckle . One always wonders though as to whether they would fall into the same trap that these three do were they in the same predicament .
 its a book what can i say except the pages are there it was readable and not bent torn or damaged .
 Basque Americans are one of the least known ethnic groups in the United States despite a long residence in the western part of the country . _ Mother 's Table , Father 's Chair _ is one of the first studies to discuss Basque American women and their cultural roles within the American Basque culture . Basque sheepherders and others found ethnic communion and support in Basque boarding houses and hotels that were usually run by women . These Basque men who stayed in America often brought over their families , or married women from the old country who then migrated . Many Basque women migrated on their own . As new generations of native Basque Americans were born , women often became the principle carriers and preservers of cultural traditions , as well as primary agents of Americanization , as they sought and encouraged their children to seek the educational and material benefits of the United States . Jacqueline Thursby interviewed Basque American women across the West , observed and participated in cultural activities and events , and did supplemental research in the Basque country of Spain and France in preparation for this seminal overview of the culture of Basque American woemn . Thursby admirably clarifies the role of women in the transformation of Basques into Basque Americans . _ Mother 's Table , Father 's Chair _ will be of immense interest to students of ethnography , basque culture , women 's studies , and Western American studies .
 Prior to reading this book , I did not realize that Basques have been such an important ethnic group in America 's West . Thursby 's book provides a fine overview of Basque settlement in the United States , and she uses this historical context to provide understanding of important forms of folklore in present day Basque cultural expressions . The major portion of the book is an overview of genres and forms of folk culture from areas with large populations of Basques . She provides special attention to the importance of women 's contributions to the preservation and adaptation of this ethnic group 's folklore , and she concludes her study with a thought-provoking and well presented analysis of the group 's traditional culture . Many of her insights are useful for comparing and contrasting Basque traditional culture with the folklore of other ethnic groups in other regions , and Thursby 's writing style is accessible and interesting .
 Compiled and edited by William F. Buckiley , Jr. , the Treasury Of Classic Children 's Literature is an anthology of enduring stories for young folk , painstakingly selected and compiled by William F. Buckley , Jr. for their lasting appeal across the generations . Works by Jack London , Lewis Carroll , Rudyard Kipling , Mark Twain , Thorton W. Burgess , Palmer Cox , and others , are embellished with black-and-white illustrations in this timeless and memorable anthology which is a welcome and recommended addition to school and community library Children 's Literature anthology collections .
 Searching for a read-aloud book that you might share with your children , you would score a consensus winner with this compendium of rich , highly captivating tales . The two selections from Jack London , `` In Yeddo Bay '' and `` To Repel Boarders '' were springboards for our youngsters beyond this book and on to `` The Call of The Wild '' and `` White Fang . '' Similarly , short fables from Louisa May Alcott and Lewis Carroll opened our ears to continue with more famous , longer works by those authors . Rudyard Kipling 's `` Rikki-Tikki-Tavi '' and Mowgli 's Brothers '' , `` Tommy and the Meadowmice '' by Thornton W. Burgess , `` Juggerjook '' by L. Frank Baum , creater of Oz , and `` The Voyage of the Northern Light '' by John Townsend Trowbridge each held my kids ' attention as we read them aloud at dinner or at bedtime . The inestimable Mark Twain weighs in with a novella `` Tom Sawyer Abroad '' that is a perfect followup to a summertime reading of `` The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn . '' There is plenty of selection here for everyone to be happy . Give your kids the gift of colorful , imaginative literature ... then read it aloud with them.If Mr. Buckley 's politics or his pomposity is a bother , worry not about it here ... he pens a pithy pre-amble , and among the classics also includes a modern-day computer adventure entitled `` The Temptation of Wilfred Malachey . '' Just plain fun !
 This collection of 38 stories selected and compiled by Bill Buckley is drawn mostly from the old St. Nicholas Magazine for children . The stories are of varied length -LRB- less than 10 pp . to more than 50 -RRB- . Although the authors and stories are of excellent quality -LRB- Kipling , Baum , Twain , Burgess , London , etc. -RRB- , I would have liked some more variety .
 Fook offers a much needed critique to the field of social work . I was so inspired to see that this well thought out analysis was available . There is not enough of this . I wish it was used as a text in my MSW program !
 I had been looking for this book for years . I read it as a child and wanted to have it . Thank you so much for a great vintage copy !
 Country of Exiles is a fascinating book , though I 'm not sure Leach 's arguments add up . He identifies and analyzes certain aspects of our society , but I 'm not sure these aspects are central to the rootlessness that is undeniably a central tenet of our modern-day living . Tourism and casinos as the cause of this shiftless life ? I do n't think so ... but his notes and observations on both of these is informative and fascinating . -LRB- I particularly liked his endnotes -- half as long as the text , citing every single source ; very reassuring . -RRB- I want to be critical of this book , but I recognize that there 's something there in what he 's written . I just finished reading it , and already I want to skim through it again and reread certain passages -- which means that this is one book that provokes one into thinking , which ca n't be all bad .
 According to Leach , corporations , academia and government have all worked to disengage Americans from their places of nurture so that Americans and indeed the whole world will travel , consume , and search continually for new things and experiences to buy . Upon reflection , I ask myself how Professor Leach convinced me that one-size-fits-all containers -LRB- for trains and trucks -RRB- supports his thesis .
 What could be more delightfully English than the country house ? The many-roomed manors surrounded by lush gardens and populated with liveried footmen . From Pemberly to Chatsworth , from Manderly to Blenheim , the English country house has captivated American audiences as we wander from room to room in the ones now owned by the National Trust imagining what it must have been like to live in one of these palaces.Many books have been written on the English country house , but most are fawning photographic journeys into the picturesque , or architectural studies . This is by far the best comprehensive social history of the country house
 Jensen continues to survey and summarise research studies on the impact of music and applies his gift in making them accessible to educators . He points out the common fallacy of considering music as a `` right-brained '' activity . Music affects many different parts of the brain . Only timbre activated the right hemisphere . Music enhances cognition , emotional intelligence , boosts peformance , heightens motivation . Reading , perception , motor skills , hearing , behavior and muscle strength are all influenced by music . Music also affects the immune system , stress , relaxation , blood flow and memory systems . You get wider coverage than Ch . 17 of the author 's `` Brained-based Learning '' . You get many different recommendations for choosing appropriate musical pieces . Overall , this is a valuable challenge and resource for educators . One regret is that , compared to the cheaper and most informative `` Owner 's Manual for the Brain '' -LRB- P. J. Howard , 831pp . -RRB- , I 'm puzzled why this slim book should be so costly .
 Jenson has updated much information in this quickly-read book . Anyone unfamiliar with his works will find this helpful ; veterans of the topic will find new , useful `` ammunition . '' Especially refreshing is the unbiased approach to the Mozart effect studies ; a convincing view to show administrators because of its balanced presentation .
 Music with the Brain in Mind is a short book full of great information . Each idea is well documented with research . Many ideas are given for use of music and brain research at school , in the studio , and at home . This book makes me want to read more by Eric Jensen .
 This is an easily accessible book . It is written in a way that educates without being too academic . Along with scientific explanations of brain functions integrated with the effects of music are practical applications of various exercises . This book is a helpful addition to my professional library of early childhood education .
 I 'm a music teacher , and this book has , made , me understand so much more about music and the connections that it reinforces not only in the brain , but in life as a whole . A MUST-READ for any musician , and music educator .
 Recieved item on time , right when we were told it would arrive . Book in very good condition .
 Excellent book with lots of pictures and philosophy of karate . The spiritual side of karate is explored as well .
 This is the most informative series on Goju Ryu in print . Absolutely a must for all goju-ryu karate-ka .
 It was a very good book . It explains in full detail the history of Goju-ryu karate . It also has step by step instructions for katas with black and white pictures . Almost every page has a picture . This book also has a glossary with the Japanese terms translated from Japanese to English and English to Japanese with the phoenetic pronunciation . Motoo Yamakura is a very good martial arts writer .
 Always loved fiddler on the roof . This book was just a natural for me and I enjoyed it very much .
 A wonderful collection of Jewish jokes , sayings , proverbs , stories . A humor that shows how the Jewish people can laugh at their own traditiions as well as the traditions of other peoples , all in a friendly , respectful manner . It is funny , clever , wise . A delightful celebration of the Jewish `` humor , wit and wisdom '' as the title says it . Topol 's own illustrations are wonderful .
 Corrin Strong has n't just clawed his way to respectability ... he 's actually achieved a god-like status in Livingston County , NY -LRB- better know as the Other Hollywood -RRB- . If the irrate ramblings of a deranged mind is your thing ... then look elsewhere because you wo n't find anything here than a well crafted exploration of all things Corrin.Family tales , hometown triumphs and grand scale commentaries on every topic under the sun make `` Writing For Myself '' one of the top 10 books -LRB- written in Livingston County -RRB- ever !
 Surprisingly , Mr. Strong 's book did n't tick me off for the most part . The book is filled with a sampling of his columns -LRB- up to 2002 -RRB- from his weekly newspaper ` The Lake & Valley Clarion ' in Geneseo , NY.The chapter on his parents is heartwarming ; while other excerpts such as those found in `` Midnight Ramblings '' , are just plain funny . Of particular humorous interest , the Epilogue 's `` The End of an Error ? '' is taken from the paper 's annual April Fool 's Day edition , `` The Blarion . `` All in all , it 's a good read .
 This book is the most accurate that I have read concerning the earlier years of Billy , Starting with the arrival of his mother in New York City , fleeing the Irish Potato famine . I would recommend reading this important book along with the Billy book writen by Robert Utley , `` Billy the Kid , A Short and Violent Life . ''
 A simple premise ... a wealthy American businessman 's only granddaugter dies of a cocaine overdose . He decides that he 's going to kill everyone who had anything to do with it , starting with her boyfriend and ending with the head of the Columbian drug cartel . Along the way yachts are wrecked and burned , secret love affairs are revealed , priests are consulted , and plenty of smartass dialogue is emitted . Buckley obviously knows what really rich people are really like , and in addition to having a great plot and memorable charactes , it 's full of consistently interesting observations . A good book
 Wet Work is one of Buckley 's earlier works . I personally prefer his later works , but that is me . I 'm still a sucker for anything Buckley writes . At first I thought the dialog was somewhat confusing , but as I read on the characters took over and the story became even funnier.In my opinion the ending was one of his best . Wet Work as a whole was n't Buckley 's best , but it was still worth my time to read it.The slower than usual start was the reason for four stars -LRB- 4.5 , but I 'm not rounding -RRB- .
 A powerful , arrogant New Orleans planter believes `` Miss L. Delaney `` is responsible for his uncle 's death . He plots to humiliate the schemer called Lavinia Delaney . Instead , he confuses his uncle 's lover with her refined cousin , Laurel Delaney . Laurel tries to help Lavinia , only to land in trouble herself with the recklessrogue bent on revenge . Sensuous , charming Tony Duvalier will stop at nothing until he makes `` Miss L. Delaney '' pay for her mistakes . This story whisks readers into a world of glittering steamboats , jasmine-scented breezes , and Southern-style seduction beneath shimmering moonlight . Lynette Vinet weaves a magical spell of fiery passion as bright and hot as a MIDNIGHT FLAME .
 Because of its extensive bibliography and excellent index , this biography of William Procter , Jr. , serves well as an introduction to the origins of professional pharmacy in the USA.For more information about the book and its topic , contact the American Institute of the History of Pharmacy -LRB- AIHP -RRB- .
 A graceful and clear translation of the Holy Bible , the NRSV maintains fidelity to the original Greek and Hebrew texts while producing an edition equally at home when read from the lectern at church or on the couch at home . The translators have carefully reviewed words which refer to men only , and , when appropriate , translated them to include all the faithful . For example , when the Apostle Paul addresses the `` brothers '' , the NRSV substitutes `` friends '' or `` brothers and sisters . '' They never tamper with masculine references to God . It is their contention that this slight modification actually makes their translation more accurate . For example , when St. Paul says , `` Brothers , I do not want you to be ignorant concerning the resurrection , '' this version reminds us that the sisters should also not be ignorant . The complete version with the Apocryphal / Deuterocanonical books contains the fullest collection of books received as sacred Scripture by any historical branch of the Christian Church . By including such difficult-to-find books as 3 Maccabees and Psalm 151 , they have produced the only easily obtainable Bible for the whole Church .
 I purchased ISBN :0195283600 . This particular edition differs a bit from other reviews I 've read -- no portraits , etc.It 's an Oxford , so if it were possible for me to have gotten an NRSV with the Apocrypha in genuine black leather from someone else , I 'd have done it gladly . Oxford generally cuts corners in the Bible-making process.Because it will be a secondary Bible for me , I 'm not terribly peeved about Jesus ' words NOT being red , there being no concordance , and there being no dictionary of any kind . The leather is nice but a bit stiff . The spine , however , is sewn and very flexable -- a major plus for a long-lasting Bible.I like the fairly handy size very much . Bibles are gennerally made way too big . The paper is very quality and the font selection and paragraph-style page layout is very nice as well.Reguarding the translation itself
 It 's hard to find superlatives enough to describe this edition . Everything about it is both useful and beautiful.A pocket Bible with the Apocrypha is rare enough to begin with , but -- in addition to the usual Catholic Deuterocanonicals and Protestant Apocrypha -- this little book manages to include everything in the Greek and Slavonic canons . It will fatten your pocket a little , but it 's worth the extra bulk to have the extra books , especially if you 're interested in the history of Christian thought.The binding makes pocket Bibles from American publishers look crude . The type , even in the footnotes , is remarkably legible . There are just enough helps in the back to be useful without bulking up the book unnecessarily.The Anglicized Edition is not substantially different from the American edition of the NRSV . If you 're a pastor , lector , or writer who needs to use the NRSV in the exact form that 's approved for the liturgy in your church , you might not want to rely on this edition . I do n't think most other readers will notice the difference .
 I am very picky about the typography in my Bibles -- and for its small size this beautiful little Bible is very easy to read . I have the Burgundy Leather Bound edition which is beautifully bound and finished . This is the aforementioned `` anglicised '' version -- I do want to counter the review above by saying that I do n't find the differences troublesome at all . There are very few discrepancies between this and my `` regular '' NRSV ...
 This NRSV Bible is actually in green , imitation leather with Anglicized text .
 It seems a little big for a pocket Bible but a very nice Bible . Also has a place marker in it .
 Take the Bible to the streets in a good size for briefcase or bag or really big pocket . It is the NRSV , one of the most popular translations out there . This is my main Bible for my work in the church .
 For those looking for a portable , inexpensive edition of the NSRV , look no further . Although the size of the volume is slighter larger than most of its kind , its sturdy construction makes it a suitable choice for travelers or commuters . The binding is a dark olive leatherflex with gold lettering.The type is small , but still easy to read . Please take note that this is the Anglicized version , so there are slight differences in spelling and usage . However , most readers should not find that a problem .
 Black bonded leather , with Apocrypha , strap flap closur
 Black Berkshire leather with Apocryph
 I enjoyed reading this book and received it in Excellent condition . I am thinking about getting the entire collection .
 Right off the bat I need to acknowledge that this vintage book is indeed an odd title about an even more eccentric area of interest . The number of collectors of Boston & Sandwich Glass could probably all be fit on the tip of a needle . I 'm one of those `` odd '' collectors so bear with me because if you are reading this ... you are probably one too.This book is an almost painfully detailed history of the region as well as the factory itself . My copy of this book was printed in 1966 and I think it may be the most RECENT of the handful of related books . The ultra-serious collector of Sandwich Glass worships the name of Ruth Webb-Lee and probably owns a copy of her books : Sandwich Glass
 It is necessary to learn to
 This book will take you to another uncomfortable space where your believes and ideas of spirituality will change . Change is necessary if you want to know .
 My dad read it to me in my youth and now I read it to my children . Wonderful teachings ! And so true !!
 Actually it is one of the best book of the world . Krishnamurti was not the actual writer of this book . it was written by Anny , his so called mother . Must read .
 The book is worthwhile for all to read , regardless of religious denomination or spiritual leaning.To my understanding it was not so much written by Krishnamurti as it was transcribed from a memory . He ` wrote ' it in the afterglow of an instructional meeting with a master . He received these very concise instructions for Right Living from the master while on a higher plane of consciousness . Pure consciousness . His body was in a sleep state and his consciousness left the body.Regarding whether it is a fake or not , or who really wrote it is , in the end , immaterial -- it does n't really matter . It is an exceptional spiritual text no matter who wrote it.What K later became is not who he was at this stage -LRB- 13 yo -RRB- He was a pupil LEARNING about these things . He was not yet a teacher himself . That would not fully occur until 1926 , after his brother Nitya died . In the shadow of that suffering he became the teacher.CW Leadbeater corrected some of his english as K was not yet fluent , hence the arguments over who wrote it.I guess in all honesty you could say his master wrote it or composed this teaching . Again , K just transcribed it.Some people have issues with how this book lays out very step by step instructions , which in later life K rejected as being too rigid and concrete . A good piece of advice would be to start reading his late works , such asMeeting Life
 I would buy again from this seller who proved to go above and beyond what I expected . Without going into detail I will say that this a dealer who has earned my respect and prolific business .
 What an awesome opportunity this little treasure of a book is - Krishnamurti 's words will ring true in your heart and resonate with you for a long time to come . All seekers will appreciate what this book has to offer them on the path to greater insight and wisdom .
 Very few books are able to even approach the truth . This book IS the truth . Besides Alcylone , only James Allen is able to capture the state of goodness in words so succintly . This is a life changing book that everyone should read . It provokes much deep thinking , and hopefully , an existence more aligned with God and the truth .
 This is a delightful little book of wisdom . It is a great read for anyone searching for greater spirituality in their life . It is not really a book of any particular religion or Denomination . It is just a bit of guidance from a great master . Krishnamurti does not try to convert anyone . He merely nudges people to seek aims greater than themselves . I find it a quick read that can also be read over again numerous times . In fact , I suggest it be read through once quickly and then referred to sporadically to absorb all the wisdom . It is a spiritual reference book that holds value over time .
 This book is by far a beautiful guide to life and if there is only one book you could read , and carry with you everywhere you go , and reread again and again , this is it . For those of us who knock , and those of us , who beleive in the Beauty of the Absolute . Those of us , who wish to make a change ...
 Is one of the greatest books I 've ever read . Follow the words of the master
 This little book was written by Alcyone -LRB- Jiddu Krishnamurti -RRB- when he was a young disciple of an eastern master . It contains the essence of the spiritual path in brief . Millions of words have been written about the inner path to enlightenment , but they all seem superfluous compared to the living and vital spiritual principles contained in this short book . Krishnamurti emphasizes putting spiritual principles into action and explains that utmost sincerity with oneself is absolutely necessary . He explains the Four Qualifications for the spiritual path
 This little book was written by Alcyone -LRB- Krishnamurti -RRB- when he was a boy in physical years , but very old in the inner sense of knowledge , wisdom and love . The book demonstrates that true discipleship is not a `` physical trait '' and that it pertains to the soul , or the inner wealth of the person . The words are distilled from `` impressions '' received by the boy from his spiritual Teacher or Master , and the purity of understanding is what shines through , as there is no worldly sophistication required of true understanding . As such , the book may be equally useful for adults , children or young teenagers who are struggling with illusive complexities of the world , yet may already be `` disciples '' in the inner sense . There is simplicity of language . There is no pretence . Only wisdom touched with love in a balanced , natural , enlightened way .
 There are as many different paths to Enlightenment as there are travelers seeking it . The four objectives of THIS path are
 22 years ago a friend of mine lend me a copy of this book . It was my inspiration for many years to come . It has been out of print from time to time . I 'm happy to see that it 's back on print . I used to buy several copies and give them to friends . Every time I read it , I found something new , something that I did n't see before . It 's small and beautifully written full of inspiration.Krishnamurti left the theosophical society and started writing on his own . It seams to me that he did n't want to be `` follow '' -LRB- as in following a Master -RRB- ; for those who think he did n't write this book , they should research on Krishnamurti 's beginnings before making strong statements on his life and work .
 The author was about 13 years when he wrote this book on the basis of inspiration from the Master . The spiritual path has been explained so beautifully and so simply with the minimum of language as has tempted many to memorize the entire book.If every one read this book peace would reign in the world.Its a pity that the book is out of Print . I can supply the book from India as it is available easily at a mominal price . Contact if interested at `` navinkumar46@hotmail.com&quot;
 I first read this book in 1984/85 while in high school and I have bought copies for several friends in the last 15 years . I plan on giving this book as a gift to everyone for Xmas with a basket of white and yellow candles . I read this book at least 2 times a year for inspiration and guidance . Next to the Bible , this book is a masterpiece unparalleled .
 Sentimental Imperialists is a great book . The three specialists who wrote this explore in depth the development of America and the past , present , and future of the American-East Asian relationship.It was an assigned text for one of my university Asian history courses back in the 1980s , but I have returned to it over the years to reread many a time . It has some brilliant insights into the nature of America.I would highly recommend this to anyone interested in Asian-American relations and/or Pacific history , including all the various military endeavors . Everything is covered in here , especially the psychology of the nation behind some of the most dramatic military and political events that helped shape the world . The insights into America are deep , illuminating , and many times startling .
 I really love this book . One of the ladies in my old Knitting Circle picked it up for me when the Toes Up Sock pattern stopped making sense . -LRB- I 'd been working on this sock for weeks too . Within a couple of days I had my very first ever sock created . A second sock soon followed . Oh . . they 're not perfect , but I wear them all the time . There 's something oddly fullfilling about wearing a pair of socks you made yourself.I taught one of my coworkers how to make socks out of this book . She 'd never crocheted anything more complicated than a simple double crochet scarf , and she went on to make a pair for every member of her family as a holiday gift.The instructions are very well illustrated where needed , -LRB- such as the turning of the heel -RRB- and very clearly written . They 're so simple that now I am able to make my own variations becuase I know when I get to certain points , -LRB- heels , toes -RRB- I can go right back to the basic sock and everything will come together just fine.I love this book .
 The patterns are quite straightforward and easy to follow . I successfully made my first pair of socks using the pattern in the book . There are patterns for worsted weight and for sport weight yarns , with variations on the cuffs or details .
 This was one of the very first things I crocheted . The gusset was a little confusing until I realized the gusset illustration was in the beginning of the booklet . My socks came out great and my mom is already asking for a second pair , so I 'll probably try a different style .
 I have been searching for sock patterns , and there are several nice patterns in this book . They are easy to understand , and the end product is quite nice . I will add that there is a lot of repetition , and basically only a few patterns with some variations on the cuffs . But it seems that most patterns for sock yarn involve knitting , and finding crochet patterns can be quite a challenge . This book certainly fills that void .
 very easy designs and easy to follow verry cute patterns i ended up giving it to a friend to help her get started on crochet !! sharing hobbies is a wonderful thing : -RRB-
 Joy . It 's a great fruit of the spirit . Unfortunately , many people mistake happiness for joy and thereby have no understanding of what joy really is . This small book contains various quotations and scripture passage that enliven , explain , and illuminate what joy is . An excellent book to give to someone as a gift .
 `` Right '' , you 're thinking , `` who ever heard of a ` perfect ' grammar book in any language !? '' Well , if you 've studied French , or taught it as I did for 33 years , you know that the grammar gets a lot harder as the course level increases . You need a simple , well-organized and comprehensive source to fall back on . This is it . I was lucky enough to be introduced to it in college , back in the 1800 's , and was delighted to discover it is still in print when looking for something to help a nephew majoring in French . Check it out ! C'est parfait !
 My mother had read another Dorothy Canfield Fisher novel as a girl and loved it . When I found this , I bought it for us both . It 's a very interesting story , but I find Ms. Fisher 's style to be somewhat pedantic and tedious . Her syntax is of another age , and it makes reading the book rather time consuming . I like the characters and the plot , however , and am eager to see how things turn out for Sylvia and her family . I would recommend the book only to those who like old-fashioned stories and who know something of Ms. Fisher 's educational philosophy . The casual reader may not have the patience to wade through it .
 A comprehensive history of Radio Corporation of America , from its formation in 1919 to its pending merger with General Electric in 1986 . The CED VideoDisc system is only briefly discussed towards the end of the book , but this book puts it in the perspective of the corporation as a whole .
 This book is based on a BBC documentary of the same name . The book is written so that any history freak can read and enjoy it . Many , Many pictures and maps make it more understandable . Some of the pictures are even re-enactments and are very interesting to look at .
 This is a great overview of the part of Mongolian history that most intrigues westerners , the years of the great Khans . It is a very accessible book that does n't require any prior knowledge on the part of the reader , and hopefully inspires them to look deeper into the people and the nation of Mongolia.In the west we 've all heard of Ghengis Khan , and we have our preconceptions of `` barbarian '' cultures or the terrible hordes of Mongol warriors ; the reality behind the myths and legends is well worth knowing . I first encountered the `` Storm from the East '' video series on TLC and it has since re-played -LCB- but rarely -RCB- on THC . The film or video is only on offer to educational institutions at a very high price , so the most a layman can hope for is a quality tape from TV - or - this book.The book follows the video script almost verbatum , with many of the same maps , diagrams and stills from the live footage shot in Mongolia . It 's a wonderful substitute , and an easy to digest history lesson.The relationship of the medieval Mongolian nation to China and the western European nations is fascinating , and thanks to `` Storm from the East '' it is easily understood . The book is written with a gentle sense of humor , but does not belittle nor aggrandize the Mongolian people or the historical Khans .
 An excellent book for all interested in the rise and fall of the Mongol Empire . Written in an exciting and lively way , the reader is left thirsty for more , even though the book itself is factually complete without inundating the interested layman with boring , left-alone facts and dates .
 I love the occasional suprises in life ; you know the very unexpected which enriches you forever.When I bought this book I really was n't interested in Ghengis Khan but I thought maybe I could find out more about the group . Well , the book ws written beautifully which madefollowing the sory and timeline very easy.I found the author had a scholastic approach to the subject which is what I sought and had the ability to incorporate mady other aspects tpo the Khans which gave me the unusual perspective that I always desire . You know the knowledge that lets you lord over others who happen to feel they are experts and expect that noone else knows . Thats my kind of fun.Anyway , the book incorporates the necessary maps and some beautiful artwork that really enhances the book . Unfortunately , I mark up all of my good book with underlines , exclamation points and many many stars for futile future referenceThe only criticism I can offer is that beside his references to many of the major cities that he invaded and then re-constructed there was no mention of the modern names of these places which requers me to search them out on the internet.If you are a history lover and want a dry but fascinating look at this period , BUY THIS BOOK!I fmr
 This is a great history book on the great Mongol Empire . It clears up a lot misunderstandings and superstitions about the supposedly horrible Mongol barbarians and gives a reliable account of their rule in this time period . It covers Temujin 's -LRB- aka Genghis Khan -RRB- beginnings to the end of his forebears rule . It has pictures from the past and of re-enactments of Mongol cavalry - you will rarely find this elsewhere . The Mongol Empire was a militaristic nation , so this book lacks on the military strategy and warfare of the Mongols . Only the basics are covered .
 I loved this book , but when I got `` Making Memory Books and Journals by Hand '' I was surprised to find `` Making Journals by Hand '' is actually included in that text in full
 Do you have tons of unadorned journals that you have made ? Have you ever wondered what to put in them ? If so , this is the book for you . It is packed with fresh ideas for decorating all those blank journals.The book starts out teaching the basics of creating books . This includes making a spiral bound book , and rebinding a store-bought journal or vintage book . The instruction here tends to be a bit incomplete for a true beginner . If you want to make a journal from scratch , buying a true bookbinding book is highly recommended.There are great ideas on variety of journal styles including daily , travel , recipe , garden , artists ' sketchbook and triptychs . Each one has a different and easy-to-create binding . The instructions are step-by-step and accompanied by photos.Where this book really excels is in turning your book into an artistic masterpiece . There are lots of creative project ideas and techniques that I have not seen used in this way before . Some include wax resist , image transfer , plaster paper , emulsion lifts , and creating carved stamps.The examples though the book and in the gallery are stunning . The resource and book list is very helpful . It 's nice that it also includes a list with email address of all the artists in the book . If you want to turn you journal into a true work of art , this is the book to get .
 Making Journals By Hand by Jason Thompson - 125 pages , over-size paperback Published by Rockport PublishersFrom the publishers of Making Memory Books by Hand also comes this wonderful book - Making Journals by Hand - which enables you to leap tall mental buildings in a single bound and become SUPER-CREATIVE & ARTISTIC PERSON !!! I 'm not exaggerating -LRB- at least , I do n't think I am -RRB- . Lists of supplies needed and suppliers , detailed instruction for creating journals from scratch or for reusing old hardback books or spiral notebooks , lots of photos of fascinating and unusual journals , reasons to keep your own as well as theme ideas -LRB- recipe , travel , garden , and nature to name a few -RRB- , curious ways to fill them -LRB- Remember the wax resist technique from grade school ? It 's in here , simple to use with wonderful results . -RRB- that are not complicated , how to choose lasting supplies and care for the finished product -LRB- Did you know newspaper clippings will cause acid free paper to degrade over time ? See page 11 . -RRB- a constant flow of tips and ` jump starters ' and ... well , it made me want to start a journal just for the journal ideas I was getting while looking through and reading the book ! Good , good book .
 A beautiful book . I love everything about it
 Making Journals By Hand has a slightly deceptive title ; the book really inspires you to become more involved in your journals by incorporating visual elements or trying new techniques.The examples are gorgeous . I love being able to look at -LRB- or is it into ? -RRB- other people 's journals , and this book allows me to do just that . There are travel journals and pregnancy journals and nature journals - but these are n't merely text entries - they are journals with lavish layers of collage & illustration . The projects are interesting and really make you want to get up out of your chair and into your work space to try out these techniques . I think beginners will come away with a sense of what is possible and more advanced visual journalers will come away with inspiration & maybe a little jumpstart !
 Making Journals By Hand is an excellent introduction to artistic techniques that can enhance an artistic journal , not to mention directions for actually making the journals in which you might use these techniques . This is a very unique book because so few how-to books give information about ways to make your journal more artful . The techniques described lend themselves well to edgier , more artistic journaling , rather than cookie-cutter scrapbooking . I was especially excited to see explanations of emulsion lifts and image transfers . As a fan of the journals of Dan Eldon and Sabrina Ward Harrison , I felt that I could make journal entries more in keeping with those styles by using the ideas in this book . Plus there are many inspirational photos of artfully done journals by artists such as Teesha and Tracey Moore . All in all , this book was a great find and I would highly recommend it .
 The title of this book is slightly misleading ... I think it 's more about creating the visual aspect of a journal 's pages than binding a journal by hand . That 's not to say that there are n't any instructions at all for creating your own from scratch , just that the projects presented are on the simple side and not what someone looking for a bookbinding manual would necessarily be looking for.Now , if you are looking for a book that will inspire you to keep a true visual journal , then you can do no better than to purchase this book ! The photographs are beautiful and the amount of creativity contained in these pages is awesome.There are many instructions included for designing the pages of your journal that would put this type of record-keeping in the league of scrapbooking . If you want to make a memorable legacy for yourself and generations to come , then you will want to put the ideas in `` Making Journals By Hand '' to use .
 Most books that I rave about , I expect people to request at the public library . And , in most cases , that 's fine.However , now & then someone puts together a book that I refer to often for inspiration , affirmation , and the pure artistic energy it provides ; `` Making Journals by Hand '' is one of the latter . -LRB- Other books on that short list including SARK 's earliest books , and Natalie Goldberg 's `` Living Color '' . -RRB- `` Making Journals by Hand '' has superb , simple , and detailed directions for even the most complex and professional journals . However , what charms me are the ideas that involve simple techniques and found materials ... the kinds of things that are kicking around my house anyway . -LRB- You know , that box of stuff in the closet that 's being saved because , `` someday this might be useful , '' ... ? * LOL * -RRB- Sure , make certain your public library owns this book . But then , get your own copy . You 'll want it on your bookshelf , and -- more often -- open , at your elbow , while you work on the many glorious and original projects in the book !
 I have spent hundreds of dollars of my hard earned money on Amazon.com 's art books this year . This is easily the best book out of all the books I have bought . The layout is excellent , the photographic quality is wonderful , and the choices of the pieces is well thought-out . Beginners can get many ideas from this book , and all of us more advanced Somerst Studio Magazine types will find lots of inspiration . A lot of books can be checked out of the local library , but this is one you 'll definitely want to own !
 I am so impressed by this book . The photos are absolutely gorgeous and show a sophistication not often seen in how-to books . They convey a journaling ` mood ' and draw you in to explore every detail . The works showcased are thoughtful , inspiring , and truly beautiful.The how-to sections are straight forward and user friendly . In response to those who found this area lacking I ask ; Why make a simple process complicated ? It never occured to me that this book should be about bookbinding , yet there are many resources offered for those whose journalling takes them in that direction . How many times have I been given a beautiful blank book and felt intimidated by its empty pages ? It always seemed so boring to give a rundown of my day , but to do a yoga or garden journal ? This has inspired me to begin a journal about my experiences in learning the Japanese language . For beginners this book shows journalling as doable and for the more experienced it is a source of reinvigorating inspiration.This book is filled with so many ideas and suggestions to get you going and it 's clear that the author truly loves this art/written form . I think people will be inspired by looking at the artists ' works and will feel encouraged to do their own when they turn to the instructional section and see how easy it is . This is a most treasured book to me and I highly , highly recommend it .
 Hand-Made Journals , it would be perfect ! I agree with other reviewers who see this more as an inspiration for those who keep visual journals , than a guide to actually making books to use as journals . That said , this is a stunningly beautiful and inspiring book . A wide variety of styles and media are shown in the photographed journals . It left me longing to pick up and read the journals that were included .
 A journal is more than what is between the covers . You can express yourself just as much with the exterior of your journal as you do inside your journal.I did n't just love this book , I adored it ! It is filled with ideas , images and inspirations . A journal is one of the most personal items a person can have . After reading this book it seems like a natural progression to make it even more personal by making it a piece of art . This leads me to my next comment . This book is not just for people who journal . It would be a great selection for anyone who loves paper arts such as scrapbooking , collage , or book making . If you love the magazine Somerset Studios you 'll love this book !
 I am very excited to be included in this inspirational book . I constantly pour over the pages - the artwork and ideas are overwhelming . My brain is on overload . I have already incorporated many of the examples and brilliantly creative ideas into my own work . It is by far my favorite book and a journey I often take , completely losing myself and all track of time . If you are interested in this process , I also suggest viewing copies of the published journals of Dan Eldon , Peter Beard , Sabrina Ward Harrison , Frida Kahlo , and William Burroughs . My life is a series of visual journals . My emphasis being on expression and not product . I also seek that out in the world and that is why this collection of others ' visual journals is so amazing
 I 've had this book for a couple of months now and find it an excellent source of inspiration . I have other books that I love on bookbinding and those -LRB- like Cover to Cover -RRB- will be more helpful to people looking for information on how to bind books . This book is more about the possibilities of journal keeping and creative ways to record your thoughts , travels , etc. . This is more a book about `` content '' than on how to make the book itself . The illustrations are wonderful ! I think this book makes a perfect companion to your bookbinding instruction books .
 This luscious book peeks into the art journals of many talented artists , giving step-by-step instructions on basic techniques for compiling and binding journals that mix image and word . Because the contributors are all highly talented artists , this book should have been more intimidating to my non-artist self than it was . Instead , it is encouraging and freeing , and the author provides short helpful tips on the process of writing a journal along with illustration and decoration . I read the book in two addictive sittings and am looking forward to spending more time with it , and with the books and websites listed in the bibliography , even if I never try any of the techniques . Thank you , Jason , for a generous , empowering , and visually stunning book .
 This book is so inspiring ! The artwork is just wonderful-there is artwork by Teesha & Tracy Moore , Lori Kay Ludwig , among others . It has step by step projects on Triptychs and books with linear pages , image transfers , emulsion lifts , rebinding vintage books and other types of binding . it has tips on Journaling and the artwork is just amazing !
 This book is terrific ! Accessible enough to not scare you off -LRB- some projects are simple things like garden journals -RRB- but encouraging you to extend yourself .
 This book is beautiful ... almost every page is inspiring and exciting . The artwork is interesting and varied . I definitely recommend it for anyone who is looking for new ideas with regard to creative journaling .
 I found this book to be extremely useful . The techniques were all new to me . The one that I am going to try first is the wax resist . I am a little worried about the other techniques that use solvents - I do n't know where to buy them , and I do n't want anything unnatural that is going to hurt my body . Overall , this is a lovely book . One department that does need a little bit of expansion is making the journal itself . However , I already have a blank journal that I bought from a bookstore beginning with Bor -LRB- they offer great blank journals CHEAP -RRB- and I am just going to use the techniques . Cheers !!
 I have read this book over and over and still I keep going back to it for inspiration for my journal projects . It 's wonderful to see what other artists have done , and to have the instructions for the processes they used right there as a reference . If I could have only one book for making , decorating and filling handmade journals , this would definitely be it !
 `` Making Journals By Hand '' is a highly inspirational , original book . Lots of interesting anecdotes and ideas for putting together your own personalized journals , diaries , and albums . I thought many of the different artist 's journals were simply magnificent , and are a true inspiration if you want to undertake a project like this . I thought this was a really great read , and will give you a real creative `` charge . '' It even includes cool stuff like how to carve your own cork and eraser stamps . Awesome book , highly recommended !!
 I am fascinated with the examples provided in this book ! The side notes and little tips were inspiring as well . However , the directions for making the journals leaves me with more questions than answers . The `` Projects '' really can not be completed without further detailed instructions . I continue to use the book as a visual reference quite often .
 This book is an inspiration to anyone who has thought about starting a journal but needs help to get going . Seeing the beautiful pictures of other 's work was , at first , intimidating , however , I decided tolook at it as inspiring , and not let it make me feel like I could not do that . So far so good ! I got some wonderful news recently that added to my desire to get my thoughts on paper . Thanks to Mr. Thompson and Rockport Publishing .
 I waited a long time for this to be republished in England . It begins just as the other two did , ` once upon a time ' , but Bella is actually speaking the words . I was looking forward to this book , not only for the story and the wrapping up of Alice 's and Megan 's tales , but also to discover Bella 's mind.Bella is the most flamboyant and rebellious of the trio
 The third and final installment of the Egerton Hall series , _ Pictures of the Night _ , is a retelling of the Snow White story . Our heroine this time is Bella , the most flamboyant , rebellious , and wild of the three girls . This is the only one of the books not told in a diary format , which I found to be an excellent touch , since I could never see Bella sitting down long enough to write a journal.Wanting to get away from her jealous stepmother , who is upset because her hairdresser thinks Bella is prettier , Bella crashes at the house of a band , the Magnificent Seven , with whom she sometimes sings . They get a gig in Paris , and Bella runs off with them for the summer , telling her father and stepmother that she 's staying with a friend 's aunt . She finds ecstasy on stage , and two very different kinds of love , but always there is a whiff of fear in the air . For Bella is constantly meeting strange women , women who remind her of her stepmother , who rave of her beauty and then give her gifts which always somehow result in Bella becoming ill . Then she returns to Egerton for the fall term , and she and her friends discuss their future plans , and Bella does a lot of soul-searching . And the band is getting ready to play one last big show -- and this time her stepmother will be in the audience.Bella can be obnoxious , shallow , and callous , but I accept that , because making her `` sweetness and light '' would n't be true to the Bella we saw in the first two books . My only gripe is that Miss van der Leyden does not appear in this book . Dear Ms. Geras
 I loved this book ! I read the first Egerton hall book , the Tower room when i was bored one day and i could n't but then down untill i read this one . Bella is just me I love her and the ending is sooo Sweet BUY BORROW OR STEAL THIS BOOK , AND THE TOWER ROOM AND WATCHING THE ROSES AS THEY ARE MUST READ
 Bringing Yoga to the office is the object of this neat , compact workbook , Desktop Yoga . If you 've got five minutes in your day to devote to Lusk 's simple and effective exercises , your work day will seem like less of a burden . Great for relieving stress ! A must-have !
 The cover blurb on this book says it all
 I think this book should be in every office drawer , especially for those of us who sit at computers all day long . This book really does what the title says , you can perfom many yoga poses in your office no matter what you 're wearing.This short book covers breathing techniques , proper posture , quick yoga poses that can be done anywhere at any time . If you 're always feeling tired and stiff at work , pick up this book and try a few of the suggestions . I take a 10 minute `` yoga time out '' every hour and I find that I 'm less sluggish and less stressed .
 This is a wonderful resource that helps me get through every day at work . My headaches and neckaches are better since I started using the yoga stretches and breathing techniques . It has taught me how to powernap to revive me from feeling exhausted , and has given me lots of tips on how to cope with change , handle stress , and enjoy life more . A lot of helpful information is packed into the useful book . Thank you very much .
 Desktop Yoga is a wonderful self-help book that is practical and useful . It gave me easy-to-follow things to do to relieve my aches and pains from spending too much time on the computer . Learning to take power naps from her book have given me the boost I needed to get through a long day . Go ahead , treat yourself to this book . It will pay off !
 Provides many yoga-based stretching exercises that are great for people who spend a lot of time working at a desk or some other sort of sedentary occupation .
 I like this book because it gives you quick exercises you can do at your desk . Sometimes I use them when I begin to feel pain . I look in the book and go to the section that contains the area that hurts and just slowly do a couple of sets . Then I relax and in about 10 minutes I do them again . After a while I can feel some relief . I have fibromyalgia and chronic fatigue so sometimes by body hurts everywhere . I will do some of the exercises in my car on the way to work or I will go into my car at lunch and rest with my ipod playing some relaxing music or guided imagery . Usually helps enough so I can finish my day .
 As a mother of three and a a daycare provider I highly recommend this `` get up and build '' book . The ideas for fort building will spark your childs imagination and they 'll go back time and again to look for ideas for indoor and outdoor forts . This book can save a mom on a snow day - as long as you do n't mind what will be created !
 We got a copy of this book from the library . When it was time to return it my son begged for his own copy . Great book .
 My review may seem a bit rambling & repetitive but its an early morning for me while the kids are still sleeping . Just take in consideration , I encourage you to GET THIS BOOK ! SPEND TIME with your kid -LCB- s -RCB- utilizing it before they become older and you missed out on all the fun you could of had with them . making those memories that last a lifetime of smiles . Now grab your coffee/tea for why I personally find this book to be of a dying breed . Much love to the Author & publishers for sharing the Kids guide to building forts < 3 . Despite what a reviewer has wrote about `` safety '' no where in this book does it say to hand it over to the kid and leave them to do it ALONE . This book is perfect for the adult to SHADOW but in no way means for them to let the kid hit the local junkyard after receiving their Tet shot ... Yes , it 's true if you live in the city or some close together suburban neighborhood , the kids may have a hard time finding the common resources for building these things BUT there is NO reason why as a PARENT/ADULT you can not get involved in the hunt . Instead of finding a way to entertain your kid without you `` having '' to be involved , man/woman up and play with your kids !! This book is full of great inspiration & motivation for kids & their parents to spend time together . If the kid has never experienced this way of play then surely you know not to hand them the wheel without some supervision . If you do not have tree branches , pruning 's around in your yard then ask around the neighborhood when you see trees being cut.Ask Grandma/pa or other relatives & friends . Ask a local tree cutting service if you can have branches from trees they are cutting nearby -LCB- instead of these things being put through their chipper machine -RCB- . The writer encourages resourcefulness , imagination , problem solving & common sense . Kids learn through playing and this book will do just that . From figuring out on their own what can be used -LCB- this is where you the parent/adult can take the time to look the book over with them & discuss what they would like to build from the authors pages -RCB- all the way to how the items they found will fit/work out with what they envision . There are no measurements , per say , it 's all about collecting the items needed and putting it all together which is powered within their minds by problem solving . Great pictures and illustrations for guidance but this is not a blueprint style of book . This style of learning is one of the most lacked & must have skills our children NEED to learn . Many thanks needs to go to the author for putting this book out there for encouraging kids to use skills much needed in their adult lives . Resourceful problem solving . The adult can shadow , being their mind of reason with suggestions and encouragement but do not become so deeply involved the kids are not the main players . Build your own fort ! : -RRB- Although I did not buy this book -LCB- yet ! & surely will as a permanent piece of the kids home library -RCB- , I picked a copy up at the public library for some winter dreaming by the fire with my kids . My son & I looked it over , searching for which one he would like to build in the Spring with his sisters . We discussed where they might find such items for the fort designs he liked . He was won over by the stick/tree branch debri square fort , using a wattle weave for the walls . Kids learn that weave in school with paper projects so he knew by relating to the school project , how to wattle the walls . In this day & age where kids are rarely with the power of resourceful imagination due to the whole `` sanitary & safety '' hype , I was frustrated by lack of variety in books that do encourage & SPARK a kid to use their brains for resourceful problem solving with outdoor fun . This book provides that spark PLUS is a great way to get adults OUT OF THE HOUSE and playing with their kids . As a kid my brothers & I were left to roam the woods and neighborhood without supervision -LCB- it was the 80 's ! -RCB- , unlike children now who are locked behind fences & indoors with factory made electronic devices sapping up their childhood . Get over what the neighbors will think about you collecting & having tree branches laying around in the yard or collecting them.The bonus to their fort building is now what to put inside of it ! A table made from a log ? Planting some Mint or penny-royal around the edges to help keep bugs at bay ? How about coming up with a club sign or sewing up a Fort flag ?! This book can be the beginning to many great fun filled days . A domino effect , bubbling up the sparkle of imagination and happy times .
 I found this book very informative . Being new to making floorcloths it gave me all the information I needed . It did n't just skim over the subject but dealt with it in depth .
 Lots of ideas in this book . Now a favorite . Received in excellent condition well within the time limit .
 This book showed many different floor clothes . Great for starting a class . It gave the kids many different ideas .
 I enjoyed this book , and even bought it instead of borrowing from the library . But for a faithful Xanth fan , it is a little disappointing . The earlier books were gems . The middle ones were fun . But lately the quality of the plot -LRB- not the writing -RRB- has gone down . There is still hope for Xanth , though ; I read a few Tamora Pierce books like Wolf Speaker and The Woman Who Rides Like A Man which did n't live up to my expectations of her , then WHAM ! she retaliates with Emperor Mage and Lioness Rampant . Do n't despair , friends
 Once again the master has done it , romance , comedy , -LRB- lots and lots of puns -RRB- a bit of danger , and anything a person could ever want in a good book . In a world shaped suspiciously like Florida , magic rules and pigs actually can fly ; anything is possible . In this newest Xanth saga , Breanna , a not so-average mundane girl is given the adventure of her life with the promise of more to come . She is smart , sassy , beautiful , and willing to grasp the chance of a life-time . And our dear friend Jenny Elf is back , and just wait till you find out what happens to her . I stayed up all night reading this book and lost lots of potential beauty sleep . A pure delight to any Xanth fans , a must have for any collection . I have my copy , do you have yours ?
 received used book purchase 1 day early , very happy about that . book was in great shape . book purchased for gift and recipient was very happy with it .
 This book is quite captivating . The story is quite romantic as it is humorous . All I can say is Piers Anthony 's books are enchanting romantic and adventurous . My first Xanth Novel was Demons do n't dream . The Xanth Novels are excellent because the stories are quite refreshing . Each one better than its predecessor . Enjoy this one as well as `` Harpy Thyme '' and `` Gargoyle 's Giest '' ! Also check out Wielding a Red Sword a novel or the reincarnation series . Piers Anthony 's books are superior to Manga . Grow out of the Manga stage and give Piers Anthony a try !
 I 've yet to read a Piers Anthony book that I did n't like but this one surpasses them all . Breeanne was a great and very original charecter and I think I 'm in love with Justen Tree . Definately a must read .
 This was the first Xanth novel I ever read , but it was easy enough to get into . I was n't too confused by reference to other Xanth novels as they were minimal and were not much focused on . Some of the jokes were rather funny , and the plot had enough humorous twists in it -LRB- and a couple of cool surprises ! -RRB- to keep me well-entertained . It was a rather enjoyable book , though I definitely like Incarnations of Immortality better . overall 3.5 / 5 stars .
 Xanth is so good that when something happens in another book that reminds you of a similar situation in Xanth , it 's the best part of that book while it 's just another part of a Xanth novel . The best part of a Xanth novel is ... the whole book . I started reading Xanth in January , and now in December I am eagerly awaiting Xanth 23 . They are light in terms of content and easy to read ; you only have to read them once .
 Zombie Lover is one of the best of the recent Xanth novels . I really liked Faun and Games , so I enjoyed Ida 's many moons . I also like that Bink , Dor , and Dolph were main characters .
 First of all , I am HUGE fan of Piers Anthony and Xanth . That said , I still liked this book better than the last few writings , because it 's inventive and you an realate to the characters . Anthony goes back to a straight human main character , which is good , and I thought the idea of a black person in Xanth was a good idea . One of my favorite parts was how Anthony brings back Dolph , Dor , and Bink as major characters . Another good thing was Jenny Elf 's romance . It 's good to see her settle down . But my favorite part of the book had to be the Breanna 's hatred of the Adult Conspiracy . The Conspiracy has been my least favorite part of the seires . Clio mentioned in the Epilog that something big was going to happen in the next book . Could it be the abolishing of the Conspiracy ? Only time will tell .
 I 've been a fan of Piers Anthony for a while . This knewest addition to the Xanth series will please and delight old and knew Xanth fans everywhere The book is about a young girl from the black wave who accidentially stirs up the zombies . With the help of some famous Xanthians . This is the story of how Breanna got into an adventurefilled with plenty of puns .
 Now look , I know Piers Anthony is a great author . I 've read his Incarnation of Immortality series , all the Xanth books , the Mode books , and the Apprentice Adept series . But this , I have to say , is the best of the bunch . What do you get when you cross a young black Mundane with a magical talent , a 130 year old man who was transformed into a tree , three kings , and a mess of zombies ? Believe it or not , one of the best surprises to come into Xanth in years , thanks to the devious plotting of Good Magician Humphrey , Clio the Muse , and everybody 's favorite elf , Jenny of the World of Two Moons . For all of us raised on fairy tales , this one beats them all .
 I love Xanth ... I read this book and found it as intriguing as the first one ... `` A Spell For Chameleon '' . . Everytime I get a new Xanth novel I start at the first novel and do n't stop till I get to the latest copy ... . I love the idea that the Zombies fianlly got a chance to be the main characters to a certain extent ... they deserve it ... LOL.This book will get you hooked on Xanth like `` A Spell For Chameleon '' did for me ... . I started reading Xanth when I got called for duty for Desert Storm ... Keep Up The Great Work Mr. Anthony and I am waiting for Xone of Contention to come out in Paperback to start all over again from volume 1 of the Xanth Series ...
 I have just finished this novel , and must say that it is very complex , yet sets up countless options for the future of Xanth ! This book is a story of love , hate , prejudice , potential adultery , and a complete denial and rejection of the Adult Conspiracy ! If you love the Xanth novels , you MUST read this book !
 I loved this book so much that I am now buying it as birthday gifts for all my friends . It truly upholds the comedy that is Xanth ; and the sheer genius that is Mr.Anthony . I read my first Xanth novel on whim of bordem , and now am hooked , but this is , by far , the most apealing book to date , thank you , Mr. Anthony , fot creating a world as grand as this , and letting us visit it .
 When I read any of the books from the xanth series I forget to sleep I just stay up and read till it is done I love these books I just finished this one for the 2nd time different style then most of his previous books but still a great one to read ! Read em all you will love them !
 a maiden of the black wave is being pursued by a zombie . The story is nothing short of hilarious and romantic .
 This book was another wonderful addition to the Xanth series . As with all of the Xanth books , it was a book that I could not stop reading . The book was interesting from beginning to end . To experience yet another adventure with the well known characters was a real treat , and gets better with each book .
 I love Xanth ... I read this book and found it as intriguing as the first one ... `` A Spell For Chameleon '' . . Everytime I get a new Xanth novel I start at the first novel and do n't stop till I get to the latest copy ... . I love the idea that the Zombies fianlly got a chance to be the main characters to a certain extent ... they deserve it ... LOL.This book will get you hooked on Xanth like `` A Spell For Chameleon '' did for me ... . I started reading Xanth when I got called for duty for Desert Storm ... Keep Up The Great Work Mr. Anthony and I am waiting for Xone of Contention to come out in Paperback to start all over again from volume 1 of the Xanth Series ...
 This book is just yet another great showing of Anthony and his spectacular land of Xanth ... only question i have left after reading this book ... is what will he think of next ?
 This book shows that Piers Anthony has not lost his touch . Some may not think he is a good writer , but to them , I say , `` Go blow a stinkhorn . ''
 This is a great Xanth novel ! I really like that Justin Tree finally got to be a main charater . I am also happy that we got to ` see ' more of Ida 's moons . Over all , this book is one of my favourite novels by Piers Anthony !
 This book describes itself as something between a dictionary and a philosophy textbook . In a textbook , the definitions would go on and on for pages . In a dictionary , there are often only one or two sentences . In this format , every term , person etc. . gets one page , which comes out to roughly 300 - 400 words each . In the definitions , there is often a definition a paragraph in length , then arguments for the concept and then criticisms that have been offered against the concept . Often , there is an illustration of the theory , which may be of assistance to people who are new to the subject . This is a useful ready reference book for someone wondering what some of the major ideas have been in the past 2500 years of Western philosophy.Some of the different concepts and persons covered are : EmpiricismEthicsKarl JaspersContinental PhilosophyArgument ad hominemAbsolutismMaterialismPhilosophy of EducationRationalismRene D&eacute;scartesJohn LockePantheismMeaningExistentialismNaturalismFree WillDeductionEgoismMetaphysicsObjectivismMy criticism of the book is that if occasionally explains a term via an analogy or scenario but then fails to provide a clear definition of the term itself . However , only a handful of the entries are like this.In ethics , I think I would affirm Absolutism and Objectivism which are defined as
 Nice , handy , and lightweight philosophy dictonary .
 This is a wonderfully thorough and easily understandable book . And while lots of the information was familiar , it really helped to have so many aspects collected in one place . `` Granny Barb '' seems to cover all of the key areas one would want to know about leukemia .
 Dear Readers , This book was written to ensure that there was information available that we could relate to and understand . I `` m glad to know that others are finding what they need in the book . We also invite you to join us on one of the free hematological cancer support lists at the Association of Cancer Online Resources -LRB- ACOR -RRB- . Thank you for reading and for purchasing this book . I do hope it meets your needs .
 I just started reading this book so this review is not based on a thorough reading . However , it is written by a non-physician who is a leukemia patient , for leukemia patients . It addresses the questions one asks when first diagnosed with leukemia and has good reference material as well . I 'm sure I 'll be more positive about this work after I 've perused it more .
 Barbara Lackritz has written the most comprehensive and well-documented resource on adult leukemias . I wish I had been given access to this information upon diagnosis four years ago , and have bought copies for friends and family , and am recommending it to my physicians . A lot of information about adult leukemias is now available online , but GrannyBarb 's book is the essential resource for discovering where to go , who to see , how to cope , and what these diseases mean . Patients , family , and attending physicians can all benefit from this marvelous work by a victorious CLL patient that has been reviewed by the top hematologists/oncologists and other technical experts .
 Whether you 're the patient -LRB- like I was -RRB- or family , friend or caregiver to one , its one of the first things most people do when diagnosed with leukemia . You look for more information . You 'll find lots of books about cancer . But very few specifically about adult leukemia . GrannyBarb has certainly put it all together for us . And you can benefit by as much or as little as you choose to use . There is no other book like this one . I 've looked . I only wish it were written five years sooner . It would have saved this CML survivor a lot of wasted time and energy searching for factual information , authoritatively written in patient-speak -- the language we need in order to understand better to recover quicker .
 Written from the viewpoint of a Leukemia survivor , this is a very comprehensive and readable guide that not only tells you everything you need to know about this disease , but also is chock-full of resources available elsewhere . The author has filled this book with the answer to virtually every question someone could have . While readable and intended for the non-medical person , the book will meet anyone 's needs who desire to learn about the technical aspects of the disease from the chemistry of the blood to treatment options . This book is a must for anyone who has been diagnosed with Leukemia , or who has a loved one with the disease . It would also be helpful for someone who is involved with care of leukemia patients .
 This book will be a great help to me in trying to absorb all the information I have been getting from the CLL support list . I looked all over for a book like this after being diagnosed in Dec. 1998 but could n't find one.It is full of easy to understand and very helpful information on every situation that might arise with the disease .
 When my husband was diagnosed with leukemia I searched high and low to arm myself with knowledge . This comprehensive guide is a good first step . Grannybarb and Art 's website is also excellent and filled with first hand accounts of the journey to recovery . Best wishes for good health .
 First , a note
 I have a friend who has a family history of this disease . He wanted the most current information so I ordered it for him and he found it very valuable.Doc
 This book has been so helpful . My best friends daughter was diagnosed 2 years ago and this book has helped me help them a lot . Thank you .
 This is a wonderfully thorough and easily understandable book . And while lots of the information was familiar , it really helped to have so many aspects collected in one place . `` Granny Barb '' seems to cover all of the key areas one would want to know about leukemia .
 I found this childrens book a sheer delight . Highly recommended for the young reader for its captivating suspense and unexpected conclusion.The pen and ink illustrations are some of the best , and Leslie Morrill is highly collectible in my view.Try it .
 Andy is a nine-year old boy whose parents leave him alone at night . He lives in the Northwest United States and has heard of the legends of Bigfoot . One night , he sees large tracks in the snow and thinks Bigfoot left them . On another night he sees a large furry creatures chased by dogs . No one believes him , thinking that he is just a boy whose imagination runs wild when he is alone.However , on a later night he sees a large furry animal outside the window . It is a bear that has an injured leg . While he is safe in the house , he knows that his mother will be coming home soon and the bear may attack her . Therefore , he decides to capture the bear in the garage . He opens the garage door and uses a trail of bacon to entice the bear into the garage . Once he gets it in there , he closes the door , trapping it inside . He then alerts his parents and a vet comes with a tranquilizer gun . The bear is subdued and taken some distance away before it is freed.This is an odd story in the sense that a fundamental element is that such a young boy is left alone late at night . Furthermore , the nearest house is some distance away , so he is truly alone . Nevertheless , it is a story of courage under pressure , Andy show courage when it is needed , possibly saving his mother and the bear from greater harm .
 I also read this book when it was first available last year as an e-book , and I definitely found it inspiring . Body image + sexuality are inextricably linked , and I found Miss Dodd 's personal accounts of her struggles to be fascinating and ultimately inspirational . Buy this book for your teenage daughter !
 Hi ! I read this book when it first came out as an e-book and loved it . I related to so much what Melissa had to say about the way we feel about our bodies , clothes , other women , and especially FOOD!This new print version is even better . There are excerpts from other women , and the new structure is great.I recommend it for all women , but especially girls and women who have gone through eating disorders and the body image hatred that Melissa talks about . Good job , Melissa !
 I just want to say thank you to those of you who have posted reviews on here . After reading them I feel ready to read this inspiring book . I have been overweight all my life , and battled with self esteem issues for the majority of my adolescence . I must say to the people who have self-esteem issues who are not overweight , or have n't had an eating disorder ... even though you find it hard to find something that reaches out to you , there are some good books that deal strictly with self-esteem and confidence issues . You must look within yourself to find out what it truly is that upsets you about yourself ... is it your body , or is it that you feel inadequate in another way ? Perhaps when you do that , you will realize that you are not unhappy with your body , but rather with another aspect of your life/personality . For the women who have weight issues , feel unattractive -- we have many issues facing us . We have been labeled for the majority of our lives , and our issues have always been hidden ... trying to avoid attention and finally we have resources that can help us deal with the emotional damage our weight and self confidence issues have caused.I 'm looking forward to reading this book . I hope that it can help me heal my emotional pain caused by weight , food , and feeling unattractive .
 There are very few books that I recommend to other readers , because I assume that everyone has their own tastes and their interests -- especially in the area of `` self-help . '' But , this book covers such a far reaching subject , and I think just about every woman I know could benefit from it . This woman talks about body image in regards to sex , dressing , jobs , long term success , even friendships.It really is inspirational , and it changed the way I looked at my waist , hips , thighs , butt , you name it !
 This drawing textbook is a great deal . It has over 200 art lessons and meets the high school fine arts requirement . For the price , you ca n't get a better deal .
 This is a great little booklet in general but it should be priced for approximately $ 10 or less . What 's with the crazy pricing ?
 I love to draw and have done so most of my life and yet have known so many who say `` I ca n't even draw a straight line '' . I have found this book to be a great and simple manual to teach out of . I have personally known both adults and children who found the artist within from using the Drawing Textbook . This book gave me a way to explain some concepts simply that I did n't have the words for . To be able to do , but not be able to understand HOW has been the chasm around drawing101 . This book is your bridge over that chasm . It is great to teach out of , but I doubt a child would want to pick up this book on his or her own , to learn out of that is n't talented to begin with . The feel of it seems more mature than that.For those who can draw well , this book was not made for you . It was made for beginners and those who look at drawing as something `` talented '' people do . It is made for teachers like me who need words to describe things they know how to do . If you fall into one of those categories , I really do not think you 'll be disappointed .
 I have found Drawing Textbook to be a wonderful little book to go through . It really makes you solid in being able to draw real to life basics . At 222 exercises that progressively get harder , it is quite a thorough course . Makes you confidant in drawing !
 We actually have two copies because someone is always using one . We have six kids and our third is now using doing the whole program . The naturally artistic kids have enjoyed it and so have those of us -LRB- me ! -RRB- who are all thumbs . We highly recommend the course . Fun , easy to follow , and instructive . This course is part of our basic curriculum .
 I have taught art to children for many years and this humble little book is one of the most helpful tools I have used for teaching basic drawing . It takes a child from drawing `` flat '' to drawing with perspective , but very painlessly . I used to bring it out at the very beginning of lessons to warm up with . We called them our `` goofy drawings '' and the kids loved them the best of all . Yes , it 's more of a booklet than a textbook , but it takes time to work through it ... as a side resource it usually takes me a school year to get through it with my students . I also have given this book as a gift to older people who have wanted to learn to draw but have never had lessons , etc. , and it benefits them immensely . It also has benefited even advanced students ...
 I took a class from Bruce McIntyre in 1968 or maybe 1969 . I enjoyed it so much and buying this drawing book brought back memories of what I had learned then . He makes drawing much easier than I thought it was but showing easy things to use to make the picture come to life . A friend borrowed my books from the class and I never got them back when I moved so I was elated to get the Drawing Textbook from Amazon . YEA !!!
 I was happy with the book on how to draw but it is for an older child . I 'm sure our granddaughter will be able to do the drawing , just not the reading . We will need to help her .
 The author argues that everyone can learn to draw in a way that enables him to express his ideas in pictures , just as he can learn to express ideas in words through writing . It takes no special talent , and only a very tiny minority will be unable to acquire this skill.Conventional art education says that art is used solely to `` express yourself , '' without ever learning the basis of art - drawing . This is as silly -LRB- and frustrating , and ultimately , discouraging -RRB- as giving a child a violin and telling him to express himself through music . We can be taught the fundamentals of drawing just as we can be taught the fundamentals of music , and while most of us will never achieve mastery or beauty , we can at least achieve proficiency , and have a new , lifelong skill . This simple , inexpensive text delivers on its promises!My 5th grade daughter and I have used this text and now can communicate readily via pictures for art , math , engineering -LRB- me -RRB- , structural design , etc. . I 've used these skills to renovate my master bathroom !
 Drawing Textbook by Bruce McIntyre is required for an art class I 'm in . I like how it laid out and easy to follow away from class . I love that I was able to find it on amazon.com so I could get my own copy . It helps that I do n't have to try to follow along with several others at the same time .
 My girlfriend , who is also an artist got this book , based on a blogger 's recommendation . It 's not even geared towards artists , but towards those in the education field . It is a great tool for those artists that need to ` get back to basics ' . It 's small , has day by day exercises . A wonderful tool .
 This book is just want I wanted . It starts with simple drawings , there is an example and some brief text pointers . The drawings get more complex as you learn how to draw in 3-D . Most drawing books I saw have a lot of text , and few examples . This book is the opposite . There are six simple drawings in each lesson , and you can see yourself improving . The author recommends doing each drawing several times , so it might not be the best for someone who hates review . I enjoy trying to do a better job than I did before , so I actually like that aspect . I 'm thinking about getting a second copy for the kids to use - I do n't want to share mine !
 I absolutely love this book ! I have already reread it once or twice since I purchased it . I do n't usually laugh out loud , but did when reading some of Sybil 's history with Tarquin . I found the heroine wonderfully engaging -- intelligent , witty , warm and normal looking ! And Tarquin -- tall , dark , handsome and just enough aloof to be totally attractive to me . I loved the development of these two characters . Unlike the second Hong Kong reviewer , if you read carefully -LRB- and please do n't skim this book ! -RRB- , you will find hints of Tarquin 's enlightenment and recognition of his true feelings for Sybil sprinkled throughout the story . I would recommend this book highly -- it is definitely a keeper .
 After reading many regency novels - this one has it all ; its entertaining and witty - no skimming please ; if you do you may miss the wit in the language and the subtle nuances in the plot ; our heroine is not stupid miss but one who is calm and able to repond to all manners of challenges ; for once , the male is the one who is put in a difficult light - but made more human and lovable ; a must read for jaded readers who are tired of simple plots and boring language
 If you love seeing stuffed shirt heroes get their comeuppance , this is the book for you . Tarquin thinks he can pick his bride just as carefully as he might select the menu for an event . Naturally , nothing goes as he plans.Sibly is the unexpected guest -- the guest he really does n't want -- and of course , the woman he really needs in his life . It does n't take Tarquin long to figure out he would be crazy to marry any of his `` perfect '' brides , no matter how much planning went into their selection . It takes him a little longer to admit that the best choice has been in front of him all along.The would-be brides add much of the humor -- but the funniest moments come from Tarquin 's reactions to the chaos.Though this is a farce , do n't let that keep you away . There are also lots of passages of subtle humor . Now that I think about it , I might reread this shortly ... Anne M. Marble Reviewer , All About Romance
 As complex and intriguing as a romance novel can be , Best Laid Schemes is my favorite regency to date . Not only are the episodes hilarious and the story touching , Emma Jensen has seemed to convey a sense of lighthearted suspense as we race to the end to see who 's causing everything to go so wrong for Tarquin 's party . She has also created a heartfelt believability through the development of the characters . We feel drawn to the intelligent , loving , self-sacrificing Sybil , the incurably romantic and hair-brained Lady Leverham , the fun loving Julian , and even the practical , responsible Tarquin . We are annoyed by the `` Three Graces '' and their parents . Overall , though , it was the side-splitting comedy that had me laughing hysterically the first time i read it that made me really love and enjoy it as well as giving Best Laid Schemes the title of my favorite Regency Novel of all time .
 Well develope charecters . Tarquin and Sybil were impefect and funny rendering them a bit more believable and touching . Witty writing . I love it when the greater body of a book is devoted to developing the relationship . . makes it more satisfying when things fall into place at the end .
 Tarquin Rome is a stiff , somewhat pompous and boring Earl who has finally decided to take a wife . In typical fashion , he approaches the matter scientifically and methodically eliminating all possibilities until his choice is finally reduced to ` three graces ' . Life is good , but suddenly , he discovers that his mother has decided to invite Sibyl Cameron to his bride-choosing house party . Tarquin has always had a problem with Sibyl . Basically , everything she does or says ends up embarrassing him.But Sibyl is no longer a mischievous child in pigtails wreaking havoc in his life , she has grown into a beautiful woman whom he finds himself strangely attracted to . The story is wonderfully funny , the monkey alone will have you up in whoops , so make sure you read this book privately if you do n't want people to eye you oddly!Emma Jensen is a wonderful writer and she draws her characters with wonderful accuracy and detail . This is one book you 'll want to keep since you 'll probably enjoy reading it again and again .
 I was delighted when I started to read this book and realised that it featured a minor character from ` His Grace Endures , ' another Jensen book I enjoyed . Some other characters from that earlier book also appear here -LRB- eg Lady Leverham -RRB- , and others are referred to.This is a very funny book , somewhat in contrast to ` His Grace Endures ' which , while it had its amusing moments , was more heartwrenching . Jensen in this book reveals a light touch and a gift for putting her characters in ridiculous situations ; her narrative also has some very amusing touches to it , particularly some of Tarquin 's introspection.I think the second reviewer from Hong Kong missed the point of this book
 These characters are wonderful ! The `` unromantic '' heroine who is a disappointment to her family because she is too logical and the stoic to a fault hero who falls apart -LRB- and on the floor -RRB- as his carefully ordered world falls apart . The secondary characters are perfect along with the botton chewing monkey and the obnoxious beagles . The ending is magic and ties the whole story together . If you only read one Emma Jensen regency , this must be it .
 Whoever thought that something so funny and amusing could also be so romantic ? The book had me laughing out loud in several instances . The characters were loveable and real . I would highly recommend this to readers of regency romance who have a well developed sense of humor and enjoys a good laugh !
 Emma Jensen has written an excellent , fast-paced , and witty Regency . Everything just `` clicks '' in this story - from the straight-laced hero who unravels before our very eyes to the gentle , subtle -LRB- but by no means missish -RRB- heroine . Filled with wonderful supporting characters and terrifically funny dialogue . A Regency must-read .
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book . I had a smile on my face through out most of it , and as I previously indicated , it made me laugh out loud more than once . I love a book that let 's us see why the characters fall in love , and this one does a good job . It also left me wanting to read more about some of the minor characters , and I 'm betting at least one of them has their own book .
 This is a passionate , in-your-face plea for exploring the difficult process of transformational mediation , truly digging into the roots , the skin , the pores of people 's , group 's and organization 's conflicts -LRB- although Cloke denies being a wholehearted transformational mediation believer -RRB- . Cloke is the highly respected author of numerous books on conflict resolution and the director of the Center for Dispute Resolution in Santa Monica , Calif. . He has a very fine sense of the nature of conflict , in all its rough-and-tumble , down-and-dirty depth and breadth . Cloke deftly and deeply explores the psychological , emotional and spiritual nature of conflict within each of us - an important facet of mediation.But sometimes , in his very exploration of these matters , he overreaches in his hopes of what mediation can accomplish . Certainly , in the confines of community mediation , even generally with only few participants involved , there is just so much of transformational mediation , of this deep personal examination that one can accomplish in basically a two-hour time period , the general length of most community mediations , at least in most of the United States , I believe.I find Cloke veering toward encouraging counseling and psychotherapy as part of meditation . Mediators are rarely trained in these and other similar fields and should tread lightly when going beyond their skill level and the parameters of mediation itself . In other forms of more in-depth and complex mediation , these possibilities might be explored , but in community mediation , it hardly seems likely or even possible.Cloke does come up with some astute observations . He says to not be afraid of conflict , which obviously can become tense and heated . This is very important , especially in Minnesota -LRB- where I 've been a community mediator for 19 years -RRB- , where people are frequently afraid of confrontation , of raising of the voice , where , from my understanding , the introductory comments of Minneapolis Mediation Program mediators are suppose to include saying basically that the participants should not raise their voice and not get confrontational , something I have never been comfortable saying , and something I as a mediator rarely do indeed mention.He gives an outstanding list of questions mediators can use in exploring conflicts -LRB- pages 37-38 -RRB- , citing a specific case of bullying . Mediation absolutely benefits from deep and clear thinking , and this series of questions is an excellent example of how a mediator can explore participants ' conflicts in a very thoughtful and crucial way . This is a very valuable exploration.Cloke does a very good job of telling and showing how to become a better , more insightful mediator , a more self-examined mediator and person.Sometimes , however , Cloke can have his head in the clouds in his hopes and dreams of what mediation can be . On page 47 he mentions '' ... moving conflicts beyond settlement and resolution , beyond resolution to personal and organizational transformation , and beyond transformation to transcendence '' -LRB- page 47 -RRB- . Whew ! Made me feel like I was at an EST seminar and what exactly was he smoking ? But better to have a grand vision and greater reach than to have a small and puny mind . No one could accuse Ken Cloke of that.He spends pages trying to define `` spirit '' and gets nowhere . He is just too New Agey in this and some other regards.Still , there is much valuable and thought-provoking material in this first half of the book , entitled `` The Inner Frontiers . `` The book 's second half , `` The Outer Frontiers , '' is less successful , discussing the larger issues of overcoming fascism and racism , building community , the limits of law , transforming institutional systems , etc. . His plea for an issues-based thought process is delightful , and when we can convince dictators and warring tribes about this the world will be a better place . But hey , put out the ideas . Dream . Here some readers will find Cloke a visionary , others a dreamer . I lean toward the latter but admire his reach . I feel Cloke has little here that can be of use to a mediator . But if schools , businesses , government bodies and so on can use this kind of thinking and make some inroads on change and growth , wonderful.He does make a bold plea for the value of mediating domestic abuse , something mediation , in my opinion , correctly has avoided . With all his arguments , he fails to make the most important one
 This book connects conflict mediation with spiritual growth . I found it extremely insightful . Not always easy reading , it takes a bit of time to digest , but this man has a very deep knowledge of both conflicts and human consciousness . This book is a guideline to changing the way you behave when you have conflicts , or to help others that have conflicts . One of the best books I read in the past few years .
 For anyone mediating , resolving conflicts , etc. , this is an incredibly great book to read . I think he talks about the really `` deep '' essentials of being effective as a mediator and resolving conflicts .
 This book was more than I expected ... the pictures are lovely - really makes you want to visit Alaska but if you ca n't you can certainly enjoy this book ...
 David Remnick 's `` King of the World '' is one of my favorite books , and it encouraged me to take on this meaty Pulitzer Prize winner . Remnick was on the ground as The Washington Post 's Moscow bureau chief , and in this work he strings together all of his exhaustive reporting for a compelling account of the collapse of the Soviet Empire.If you 're running a mock U.N. at your school , I 'd rate `` Lenin 's Tomb '' as mandatory reading .
 Reading David Remnick 's unmatched work , chronicalling the demise of the USSR , may well have been responsible for my decision to major in Soviet History . As a professional student of the Soviet Union , if I could recommend only one book on the USSR , of the dozens that I have now read , this would easily be me choice . It is as informative for the novice as it is challenging for the expert . If you have even the slightest interest in the demise of a world superpower and the twentieth century 's most influential - and murderous - ideology , you simply must read this book .
 Despite the book 's Pulitzer Prize , I 'm a little ambivalent about saying this in one of the best books I have read . For sure , some of the best parts are that Remnick seemingly has open access to all the major Soviet political players while he was there . And he does n't even brag about it . The titans of Soviet politics seem to be open to all who want to speak with them , though Remnick 's day job as the Moscow correspondent for the Washington Post certainly helped ... a large part of his life in Russia then that he totally did not to write about.It 's fun to follow him track down figures and weasel his way to get access to whoever he wants to talk with . He clearly is excited to be there during the transition and is personally invested in the story , as he speaks Russian and both his parents and his parents-in-laws have Russian ancestry . On the other hand , the book is a rag tag , contemporaneous collection of personal reporting and interests , lacking to some degree the broad overview that only comes with the passage of time.Doubtlessly , you get the feeling of what it was like living in the Soviet Union during the Gorbachev years and the transition to Yeltsin and the end of the Communist Party ... with the addition of having Remnick magically inserting himself in front of whoever he wants to talk with to fill you in on the inside story.Enjoy it .
 A useful history of the last days of Soviet rule and the early days of democracy in Russia , told through the stories of several , mostly prominent individuals . It provides a nice portrait of what exists , but lacks deep analysis to answer the question of why .
 Wow . I read this book in the summer of 1994 as a project for my AP Government class in my senior year of high school . Four years later , it 's still a favorite book of mine . By telling the stories of Russians from the down-and-out to those in the loop , Remnick gives one of the most detailed description of the fall of Communism possible .
 Remnick won the Pulitzer for this unwrapping of 70 plus years of communist control of a collection of nations . In depth , he discusses the purges , the environment and events that allowed them to occur , the Russian view of the Patriotic War -LRB- WWII -RRB- , the rise and fall of communism . Communism was doomed from the start . Here , Remnick explains exactly why . The Russian people are wonderful , I 've met many of them . This book also gives the reader an understanding of the world in which they grew up . A world where Stalin was -LRB- literally -RRB- God . A world without independent thought . Fascinating , heart wrenching . Very readable .
 Highly recommended . This book not only gives a stunning history of the Soviet Union but also a much more personal account of the people who live there . This is truly a must read for anyone interested in Russia and the problems it faces today
 This book is totally engulfing from page one . It puts thereader inside the fall of a great empire . It really makesyou feel as if though you were there . And it also gives youso much knowledge , that you could talk about it as if thoughwere there . A definite must read for anyone interested inhistory , and for those who are not also . Because it is agreatly written story about the most important event in thiscentury
 Remnick writes eloquently and grippingly . He amazes the reader with one heartbreaking vignette after another . It seems amazing that , though while only spending a few years in Russia , he seemingly met everybody who was anybody and traveled to the remotest parts of the dying empire.Remnick does not try hard , unfortunately , to maintain objectivity . He deifies much of the intellectual dissident movement , even repeatedly callling Andrei Sakharov a `` saint . '' Remnick turns Gorbachev into nothing more than a well-meaning Pandora , responsible for and unable to control the breakup of the Soviet Union.Remnick does show what I believe to be responsible for the breakup of the USSR - namely the rot , corruption and inefficiency endemic in the Soviet system - but he seemingly relegates it to symptomatic and not primary status . The empire would have inevitably broken up with or without Perestroika and Glasnost . The book should rank , despite its flaws , among the best books of contemporary history ever written-doing for Russia what Democracy in America did for the US .
 `` Lenin 's Tomb '' is the best and most complete account available of the remarkable transformation of Soviet Russia . David Remnick is an insightful reporter and a tremendous writer who witnessed these events first hand . From Remnick 's descriptions , you will know what it was like to be a Russian in the heady days that included Glastnost , the conservative backlash , the fateful coup and the final demise of Mikhail Gorbachev . Remnick brings the story to life in a way that does it justice . This is absolutely essential reading .
 Possibly one of the greatest books I have ever read . Captivating , heartfelt , intense , informative . I 've read many texts on Russian history , and this is the definitive work . Honest and forthright , it captures every emotion , every aspect of the history of the Soviet Union . Anyone who has ever even thought about the Soviet Union should read this book . I 've read it 5 times and I will read it again
 Remnick masterfully kills the Republican/Conservative myth that Ronald Reagan , `` a triumph of the embalmer 's art '' in Gore Vidal 's words , led the demise of the Soviet communist empire through buying ever too many useless weapons . By showing the implosion of a very cruel , very corrupt , poorly managed state , there can no longer be doubt about the reason for the demise of Lenin 's dream . It 's interesting to note that since capitalistic democracy has been introduced in Russia , living standards have actually dropped -LRB- in large part because of corruption and cronyism -RRB- . I definitely want to read Remnick 's follow-up , Resurrection , to learn more about this .
 David Remnick reported on site for the WASHINGTON POST during the Soviet Union 's last days . He interviewed many persons , from society 's bottom to society 's top , from homeless derelict to Mikhail Gorbachev . That and his readable prose help explain how he won the Pulitzer . Of course it also helped that he was against totalitarianism and for humanity.When I read history I prefer a firm grip on the date . Overall , this story does flow in chronological order from 1988 to 1992 , or to 1994 if you get the most recent edition with its afterword . But the story jumps backward occasionally when Remnick tells the history of a character , and at other moments I was vague on the date . I think chapters should have been subheaded with dates , and more spots within chapters should have stated the date.Nevertheless , do not let my preceding quibble deter you . I think this book is already something of a classic , and I 'll be darned if I 'm going to give it anything less than five stars . Does another book do as well as what this book does , which is put you into the scene of the collapse of the vast Soviet empire?I would have advised Mr. Remnick to include a double-paged map of the U.S.S.R. and a glossary of names , events , and institutions . We do get source notes , bibliography , index , a list of interviews , and twenty-two pages of relevant photos.The Vintage trade-paperback edition is over five hundred pages in small font . So be ready for something to settle back with . It will be worth a portion of the limited time you have in life . The story and the people are phenomenal , and they will expand your existential horizon .
 A stupendous chronicling of history in the making ! We are presented with several differing viewpoints on the collapse of the Soviet regime and its splintering , in these truly tumultuous years . As the author points out , whereas other empires , like England , took decades to recede and change - this took place within a few years . Within days sometimes , overwhelming transitions took place.The efficacy of this book is the internal focus on the people in the country itself ; there is none of this hyperbole on how Ronald Reagan solely dismantled the evil empire ! The book is about the Soviet Union - there is little on the break-away of the Eastern Bloc countries like Poland or East Germany . Mr. Remnick presents us with a wide array of people across this vast land - from various dissidents to various neo-Stalinists . We experience their anguish as the grim and brutal history of their country becomes revealed as once secret archives are exposed.This book is well-written , engaging and sprinkled with some wry humour . If you are interested in this epoch it is a truly marvellous and first-hand account .
 Both Remnick 's on Russia provide deep and useful insights on the political life of this country . A must-read for people interested in Russia 's recent history .
 This book is one of those books that captured your attention from the beginning to the end . What differentiates this book from other books about Russia is the author 's ability to convey to us the mood , the essence of a country that was in the brink of collapse & to be revived as a brand new country . It is also one of those books that is difficult to be summarised in a few words but rather , it has to be read to be appreciated . This work depicts Russia as a country with turbulent & troubled histories , occupied by citizens , some who were proud of its past glories -LRB- particularly its victory over the Facism in the war with Germany during World War 2 , its Great Empire 's status and a superforce to be reckoned with in the past -RRB- & would shed their bloods for the glory of their nation , some who opted for the stability of the past when Communism seemed to promise that everybody is going to be looked after , some who are anxious to be caught on with the rest of the world . For an ex-Communist country that tried to catch up with the West , shamelessly influenced by capitalism for as long as we can remember , it has to overcome its steep learning curve . Growing pains such as emergence of mafias instead of enterpreneurs surfaced , corruptions , civil wars , & so forth . A few chapters in the book are highly interesting such as the rise & fall of Gorbachev -LRB- clearing the myths about him , & conveying him as what a politician should be -RRB- , the emergence of Yeltsin & despite their differences , both of them deservedly win their places in history . Moreover , there are also chapters about common people who are living in God forsaken places with no basic necessities such as clean air , indoor plumbing , heating system that actually works , intellectuals who wanted to bring out the correct version of Russia 's history so that they could learn from the past & evolve from there to better beings but alas , it was n't meant to be , writers like Sakharov , Solzhenitsyn who dared to write of the truths for the love of their nation with total disregard of their own safety , people who were killed in the millions during Stalin 's reign & Stalin as a person , Khruschev , Brezhnev , coup-de-etat that was supposed to clean up the mess that Gorbachev had created but subsequently , it was deemed as a farce in its own right , & so forth . A substantial book that enlightens me about the plight of Russia & a book that is definitely worth reading in this lifetime . Highly recommended .
 The book is a compilation of short stories -LRB- each chapter a dozen pages or so -RRB- about the author 's first-hand experiences in the Gorbachev 's Soviet Union . From Baltic to Sakhalin and from coal miners to Gorbachev himself , from Stalin to Yeltsin and from Solzhenitsyn to Sakharov , the book paints the picture of the monolith 's fall . This colorful collage describing the critical period in Russian history , combined with keen commentary , creates for the reader the distinct flavor of the time.For Russia , it was the age of confusion and disillusionment . Gorbachev 's half-hearted reforms -LRB- the interest in truth ended where the Party interests were concerned , the pursuit of democracy gave way to the pursuit of the runaway republics etc. -RRB- were matched by the half-hearted '91 coup -LRB- no real plan , no propaganda with the military , Lenin would n't have approved -RRB- . For generations , Russian people did not know much of the sad history of their country and less still about the life in the West . The blissful ignorance was one thing that helped them in their miserable existence . Their various degrees of belief in the grand ideals were the other . With glasnost , Gorbachev aimed at opening the gates of truth while preserving the faith . In all honesty , it was impossible
 Remnick 's prose makes this history/political science book both readable and entertaining . Arguing that the country 's downfall was due to the Soviet leaderships ' ongoing assault against its country 's collective historical memory and it 's feeble attempts to give the country just enough perestroika and glastnost to keep it at bay are chronicled in a series of chapters or themes . Ironically , the limited attempts by Gorbachev to instill some democratic themes was just enough to whet the populace 's appetite for more and set the country on a road it could not turn back from . Interestingly , Remnick argues that Gorbachev was at heart , a true communist who only wanted to make adjustments , not change the whole system . One gleans from this whole book that in a modern world , democratization of the body politic is inevitable , once its processes are set in motion . Though the author focuses very little on outside influences contributing to the USS 's demise , i.e. the cold war or `` evil empire '' policies of the U.S. he has written the most compelling account of the country 's downfall as orchestrated from within its borders and i nthe process graphically illustrated the moral degradation and vacousness of communisim , its practitioners , and the suffering endured by its people . The Soviet Union was essentially a Third World Country with a first world military , over 80 % of the population lived in squalor equal to most thirld world citizens . A stupendous book !
 Remnick 's frank , insightful analysis of the Soviet Union 's final days filled me with inspiration and sadness . I 'm inspired by the inhuman perseverance of the Russian and Soviet bloc people and saddened by the intense and lethal persecution of millions at the hands of their so-called leaders . Remnick shows a society led by decades of fear - citizens who feared persecution and leaders who feared the loss of power . The author flows easily from dissecting the Communist party and power brokers of Soviet society to eating cabbage with Siberian miners who do n't expect to live past 35 to intense discussions with the Russian intelligentsia who fought the system quietly and desperately . It is a long book and at times I found myself needing a Russian history reference guide . But Remnick is not writing a history filled with facts and statistics . It is all about the people . Lenin 's Tomb should be read by any journalist who feels the urge to go beyond 8 graphs . Truly wonderful .
 It 's hard to imagine there was any dissention from the Pulitzer committee over `` Lenin 's Tomb '' . This book excellently combines top-notch journalism and fine , precise , descriptive writing for an increbidly enjoyable and informative read . Considering how most such `` good for you '' books are long slogs about as exciting as bran , `` Lenin 's Tomb '' was a surprising pleasure.I came to this book with minimal knowledge of Russia in general , let alone the Soviet transition , and disliking what I had encountered of Russia 's culture and people . `` Lenin 's Tomb '' manages to explain the basics to ignorant laypeople like myself without condescending or dragging through too much history . What you need to understand what was happening , Remnick provides , no more and no less . `` Lenin 's Tomb '' proved an eye opener about the Soviet experience , but it also reflects on the larger ramifications of Communist autocracy . So many of the explorations of the Soviet erosion of society and culture gave me a sense of Deja Vu compared with China , only China has perhaps been less scathed by the shorter span of its bureaucratic red terror . Also , while `` Lenin 's Tomb '' did not make me like Russia or Russians any more , it did present the context of how and why people can be a certain way , so that I now hold it against them less . `` Lenin 's Tomb '' is almost novelesque in its readability , a page-turner and easily beach or plane fare . I doff my hat to Remnick 's ability to carve dense political stuff into an involving , compelling narrative . Perhaps Russia scholars would find points to criticize , but from a journalistic perspective , `` Lenin 's Tomb '' is the book all of us wish we could write .
 Mr. Remnick has given us a masterwork . He seamlessly meshes intimate portraits of Soviet citizens within the larger landscape of the last days of the Soviet Empire . He has a rare ability to blend the micro and the macro in a soul-stirring narrative . This is a profound work that is filled with compelling stories . Lenin 's Tomb is so superb that even those who avoid `` history books '' will relish it . Could not more highly recommend this book . The scads of glowing reviews below are all well deserved .
 David Remnick in `` Lenin 's Tomb '' writes a fascinating book on the demise of the Soviet Union . Remnick manages to convey the views of the liberals who want to democratize the country and the neo-Stalinist conservatives who want to turn the clock back to the repression of life under Stalin.The author has little sympathy for Mikhail Gorbachev who once he launched `` perestroika '' could not make the final commitment to democracy and republicanism and remained trapped in the dying and corrupt Communist Party . Yet , Gorbachev 's half-hearted attempts at reform nearly ended in a disasterous rigt-wing coup . Only , the incompetence of the plotters and will of the people not to turn back to a corrupt failed system prevented the USSR in falling back into despotism.Because of `` glasnost and perestroika '' Remnick was able to obtain candid views from everyone he interviewed during his stay in the Soviet Union . Miners , dissident and even communist party apparatchiks spoke freely about the good and bad of Russia . Nearly , 50 years after his death , Stalin 's shadow still hovered over everything and everyone in the nation . Liberals such as Andrei Sakharov wanted the government and the party to fully acknowledge the heinous attrocities of mass murder and imprisonments committed during Stalin 's reign , Khrukhschev made a tentative start at 20th party congress in denouncing Stalin but failed to follow through with real reform . During the Brezhnev years the country lurched backwards thast by the time Gorbachev came to power the Soviet Union was totally morally , politically and economically bankrupt.Remnick also does a fine job showing the first hesitant steps toward capitalism yet evenn today 10 years after the Soviet Union collapsed Russia still refuses to make the fundamental changes to bring a market economy fully to fruition . Under the Communists there was `` equity in poverty '' today in Russia you see the extremes of rich and poor . This is a wonderful book for anyone interested in the demise of the Soviet Union , but it needs an update to encompass the last decade .
 In the Pulizer-Prize winner Lenin 's Tomb , David Remnick offers the reader a trip through history that is at once frightening and enthralling . Beginning with the horrors orchestrated by Lenin and continuing through the rise of Yeltsin to power , Remnick intertwines political and social history with first-hand accounts which he gathered during his time in Russia during the 80s . The result is a work of unparalleled genius , taking hard facts and presenting them in a personal way that makes the reader feel as if he is actually experiencing them . The end result is a chilling dose of reality for those who have idealistic notions of the world in which we live . I highly recommend this work in which Remnick portrays the brutal realities of socialist life as well as the inevitable downfall of such a system .
 Now that we are a decade removed from the fall of the Soviet Empire , it is a wonderful to look back and read a fabulous primary source about the events . Remnick , the Moscow correspondant for The Washington Post , during the late 80 's and early 90 's -LRB- and since the editor of the New Yorker , which was a well deserved honor for a fabulous journalist , if I may say so myself -RRB- was right on the scene when the incredible collapse of Communism took place . He interviewed hundreds , if not thousands , of people who had lived through the Soviet regime and who played some role , regarldless of how small and seemingly insignificant , in the transformation of the nation , and this research paid huge dividends . He combines all these personal stories into one great book that explains and analyzes why and how this happened . It is very well written , and while being comprehensive remains comprehensible . It is a wonderful book and anyone who is interested in Russia -LRB- or would like to become so -RRB- , likes history in general , or enjoys good semi-academic writing this book is for you .
 After seventy-four years , the Soviet Union , a decrepit gerontocrat like its former pilots , Yuri Andropov and Konstantin Chernenko , shuffled off its mortal coil . Journalist David Remnick , who spent four years in Moscow , compiled a series of thematic events into Lenin 's Tomb , and explained how glasnost , initiated in small doses by Mikhail S. Gorbachev , became GLASNOST that proved too potent for the dilapidated Soviet state , and in the end , the Marxist-Leninist foundation on which the State had been build . An overdose of GLASNOST gave the Soviet Union a fatal political cardiac arrest.However , in his indicting assessment , he notes how the Party and the Soviet Union , like Lenin 's mummified husk , was politically , spiritually , and economically bankrupt . `` The Soviet Union was an old tyrant slouched in the corner with cataracts and gallstones , his muscles gone slack . He wore plastic shoes and a shiny suit that stank of sweat . He hogged all the food and fouled his pants . Mornings , his tongue was coated with the ash-taste of age . ... The state was senile but still dangerous enough . '' Nice analogy , huh?Remnick further identifies the cause of that decay with the Party and its failure to keep the promises of socialism to the ordinary Soviets
 Lenin 's Tomb is an autopsy of sorts , performed by one present during the last death throes of the Soviet Union . There are ultimate causes of death -LRB- a non-functioning economy -RRB- , as well as underlying factors -LRB- a history of repression , totalitarian rule -RRB- contributing to this body politic 's demise.Imagine a coal mine with no elevator in the shafts so the miners have to walk 2 hours to get to their place in the mine where they can start working . The kicker
 I bought this when it was originally published but it got lost in the shuffle of other quotidian matters . Picked it up last week and could n't put it down . I thought it would be dated but it was a mesmerizing read . The definitive account of the fall of the USSR . Emotionally engaging as well as hard-nose reporting . Still works after all these years ... Five stars is not high enough .
 A spine tingling , firsthand account of the demolition of Communism . In addition to providing vivid descriptions of the final days , Mr. Remnick also provides a concise history of Russia . I read this book nearly three years ago and its impressions remain ... Alan WrightOrlando , FL
 Well-deserved pulitzer prize winner , exposed me to a lot of new thinking about the soviet system -LRB- I 'm admittedtly nothing close to a russian history scholar -RRB- , and it captures the excitement of the ' 89 - '91 period of revolution . Very insightful .
 great book with lots of great anecdotes and small , personal biographies of those power capitalists who entered the Russian business scene as the communist era turned its last page .
 a very informative , objective , and passionate work . it will walk you thru the fall of the communist empire from the beginning to the end . highly recommend
 This is a very revealing and perhaps most revealing account of the last days of the Soviet Union put forth in a concise manner for the reader . It is smooth flowing , vivid in its descriptions and captured the mood at the time in such an authentic way . The reliance on interviews gives a lot of credibility to the narration and the portrayal of the character in the the situations they found themselves in . The society as a whole is bared for he reader to understand and the system 's shortcomings are exposed . I read The Union Muzhik the other day and from it , understand the hopes of Perestroika and Glasnost that the demise of the Soviet Union failed to bring to the people .
 Here in Brazil , I read this good book . This book has great things :1 - This book shows how Lenin was even more violent than Stalin . As an example of this fact , on page 45 there 's a sentence from Molotov
 Lenin 's Tomb by David Remnick chronicles the point at which the rot at the center of the Soviet system became more powerful than the Communist Party 's iron fist . Remnick is a storyteller telling the story of a riveting period in history . As he writes , `` To live anywhere between Bonn and Moscow in 1989 was to be witness to a year-long polical fantasy . You had the feeling you could run into history on the way to the bank or the seashore . '' Lucky for us , Remnick spent 1989 -LRB- as well as the years before and after -RRB- in Moscow .
 Wow . I wanted to buy a noteworthy book that was definitive re
 This book is flat awesome . I read it three times . It stands as a classic . I hope it never goes out of print . Anyone ... I mean ANYONE ... who is interested in the fall of the Soviet Union ... this is required reading . This book absolutely deserved the Pulitzer . Very very well done .
 I was impressed with David Remnick 's writing on Muhammed Ali , and as a lover of history and biography I thought I would give this book a try . I had no special interest in Soviet history but this book hooked me from its first chapter . Like all good history books it brings everything alive and gives you what seems like a complete understanding of the people and times . I can not recommend this book enough and I look forward to to reading it again !
 Just a quick note , I really enjoyed this book . I was an adult when the Soviet Union fell , but I was very ignorant of what was really going on . Remnick 's incisive portraits of the people on both sides of the fall of Communism bring the era to life .
 Like the Pulitzer winning book `` The Guns of August , '' Remnick takes us to the action , and makes us feel like we are there with him . Even if you have no real interest in Russia or the Soviet Union , it is amazing how engrossing this work is ... To make a topic you do n't care about interesting is certainly an accomplishment . This book is a terrific read .
 The ironically titled Lenin 's Tomb is a stunning piece of reportage about the circumstances leading up to the destruction of the Soviet Union . It was written by a reporter who was in the middle of the crisis as it reached its apex , and has a lived-in immediacy to it that sets it apart from other researched works on the topic . It succeeds on numerous levels , as journalism , as accessible history lesson , as a devastating portrait of a massive and failing country , as a treatise on 1980 's European politics , and as an honest character study on the big names in Soviet government , their desires and intentions , and how those were never humanely transposed to the public which led to massive protest and a stunning moment in world history . Remnick tells the story circuitously , devoting whole chapters to different injustices or portraits of Communism 's failures throughout the country , be it in starvation in a collectivized farm , corruption with the KGB in Lubyanka , or miserable working conditions in a coal mine in the Urals . These pieces of governmental incompetence grow and grow , culminating in murder , Chernobyl , apathy mixed with anger , and a renunciation of perestroika and Gorbachev within the Politburo . It is an incredibly complex story beautifully told by a brilliant reporter who knows the topic inside and out . Attention to detail is great here as well ; Moscow , a far away city going through unbelievable upheaval , comes alive here . My only complaint is that the book got a little dry in the end , but for what you learn up to that point it is highly recommended for anyone interested in the subject .
 David Remnick has given us two things
 Remnick 's book is easily the most graphic and accurate account in English of the Gorbachev years between 1985 and 1991 . It is unlikely to be surpassed . I judge his accuracy from his account of the August 1991 putsch , which is excellent given the information that was available . As the renegade agent that triggered the June ` constitutional coup ' , KGB Chief Kryuchkov 's August 6th decision to draft coup documents AND the August 14th decision to again start drafting the documents , I have referred to Remnick in my research on the coup and the events that lead up to it . Suffice it to say that Kryuchkov 's final decision on August 14th was triggered by the Bulgarian President , who fired the two KGB appointees at the head of his intelligence service , at my instigation . I had disclosed to him some intelligence secrets that compromised both the KGB and the British MI6 , and proved that his intelligence chiefs were communist puppets , which was hardly surprising since Presidents Bush and Gorbachev had agreed to leave Bulgaria in the Soviet sphere of interest at Malta in June 1989 . Like a lot of people in Bulgaria , I disagreed with that decision . One of the best ways of judging the accuracy of a book like Remnick 's is to see how the information given in the book dovetails with the secret stuff , and his book does so nicely .
 A great fresco of the dramatic death of the communist URSS . The author lived as a correspondant in moscow for many years during the final years of the cold war and describes the tragic living conditions of the common people , the corrupt style of living of the burocrats , the disgusting privileges of the elites . An enclosed empire founded on corruption , lies , violence and misery where the dream of a better life for the masses promised by the communist leaders in the decades only became a rotten shell of deception and misery . The author interviewed hundreds of people of any social class , from the miners in the urals to Mr. Gorbachev , from Yeltsin to the moscow houseviwes , including scientists , artists , poets , smart people confined to the edges of the empire because of their open mindedness and acumen . This book is another important tragic witness of a wrecked dream , a tale told by hundreds of different voices that all tell thesame story of treachery and indecency , corruption and stupidity . A great history book that I highly recommend and that clearly helps us to understand why now Urss is governed like an authocracy by an ex kgb officer . Great book .
 This book is a fascinating exploration of the last days of the Soviet Union , providing a background of the broad mix of events and people involved both before , during and after the Gorbachev era . It maps the mindset and events during this dramatic change . It is told with a direct , personal style that I found gripping , and that gives a very good sense of the societal changes and impacts . I highly recommend it .
 David Remnick writes in his book , `` Once the regime eased up enough to permit a full-scale examination of the Soviet past , radical change was inevitable . Once the System showed itself for what it was and had been , it was doomed . `` Gorbachev 's perestroika and glasnost reforms opened Pandora 's Box of freedom . Once the people experiences freedoms , they wanted more . Without a tyrant in control anymore , like Gorbachev 's predecessors , nothing could hold the Soviet Empire together anymore.I highly recommend this book . I also recommend `` The Cold War
 Back before all news came filtered through a television lens , hard working men and women travelled to remote locations and put themselves in harm 's way to write eyewitness accounts of history for newspaper and magazine readers . This fascinating book is full of such accounts , from William Shirer 's account of the 1938 Munich Conference -LRB- including his brush with a swaggering Hitler -RRB- to fascinating reports of the fall of Paris by A. J. Liebling and Virginia Cowles , to Edward R. Murrow 's descriptions of war-torn but defiant London to Ernie Pyle 's moving tales of soldiers in the trenches of Africa and Sicily . This book offers a unique glimpse into World War II by the people who were there , who lived through the extraordinary as well as the ordinary moments of that war . Included in this volume are incredible snapshots of the American homefront , including a report from a Japanese internment camps , as well as a `` report on mass murder '' in German concerntration camps by Ed Murrow in 1942 , long before most Americans had any idea of the true horror of the holocaust . This volume explores all aspects of the war , and , as such , is an incredible historical document as well as a fascinating read . Highly recommended !
 I am so glad the Library of America put together these volumes of reporting from the Second World War . Sadly , all those who were living during those years are leaving us all to rapidly . Certainly , the living knowledge of the events and times is fading fast . While we value the books great authors give us , we should treasure even more the writing given us at the time . In volume one we have reporting from great journalists starting in 1938 Shirer 's article on the Munich conference that gave Germany the Sudetenland.We get to follow the rise of Anti-Semitism in Germany with Kristallnacht , the fall of Poland and Paris . The London Blitz is covered by Edward R. Murrow and more and more . The United States doe not even enter the war until page 241 with the Herald Tribune 's reporting of Roosevelt 's `` War Message '' . The reporting also takes us into the Pacific and gets us down with those doing the actual work of the war including Annalee Jacoby 's account of nurses under fire in Bataan . We get early reporting on the Japanese Internment camps and the Holocaust with the NY Times reporting in 1942 that one million Jews reported slain.There is a section of fine photos of the reporters included and others in the text including some aerial shots from a bomber 's point of view . This first volume ends with the Mountain Campaign in Italy in 1944 . The volume also supplies a short , but full chronology of the war , some excellent maps , biographies of the journalists , acknowledgements , notes on the texts , and a glossary of military terms.A superb job .
 You can read history books and watch all of the redigitalized DVD 's -LRB- movies -RRB- of World War II stories but the `` best of the best '' is right here in this wonderful compilation of first hand accounts from reporters who were on the scene and reported back to their readership when the events were actually occurring . It is fascinating to read what was reported at that time in history . This compliation is well worth reading . It also contains a great general biographical summary of all of the reporters who 's work appears in the book . These were interesting people in their own right . I will use their biographies as a valuable resource for other additional readings .
 If any book deserves more than a five star rating this -LRB- as well as its sequel , `` Reporting World War II Part Two
 There is little I can add to the fine reviews already posted on this site . Library of America has done a fine job collecting these works , and adding useful sections on maps , notes , author mini bios and an excellent yet brief Chronology of the main events of WWII.Some of these articles verge on literature . Consider the following opening sentences of an article written by Mary Heaton Vorse on munition girl workers -LRB- `` The girls of Elkton , Maryland '' , p. 471 -RRB- : `` It was pay day at the munitions plant . There seemed to be a run on the bank at Elkton . `` Or , how about Ernye Plye reporting the London bombing of December 29 , 1940 -LRB- p. 147 -RRB- : `` Half an hour after the firing started I gathered a couple of friends and went to a high , darkened balcony that gave us a view of one-third of the entire circle of London . As we stepped out onto the balcony , a vast inner excitement came over all of us -- an excitement that had neither fear nor horror in it , because it was too full of awe . You have all seen big fires , but I doubt if you have ever seen the whole horizon of a city lined with great fires ... `` You can skip articles back and forth if you wish , or read cover to cover , depending on your personal taste . And as another reviewer pointed out , these articles make great reading material for commuting , waiting at the doctor 's office , etc. . If you have any interest in World War II you will love this book .
 The epitome of the kind of book I look for in my travels , `` White Rock Ways '' has everything one can imagine occurring as a part of life in a small town-or a small island-in Maine.Set in the 1960s , though I had a hard time coming up with anything but images of folk from a decade long before , such was the ambiance of the characters , the stories of life in the community of White Rock unfold.Through a narrative rich in Maine dialect and phraseology , we discover the ways of the locals and learn to care for them as we become involved in the comings and goings of their daily lives.There is a tendency to sum each other up in one-word adjectives ; for instance , Clara and Levi Weymouth , introduced early in the story and most consistently present throughout , are known as the `` near Weymouths '' , which sometimes bothers Levi , who thinks it `` fine to be ` near ' , but not so fine to be ` tight as the bark to a tree ' . `` When a neighbor 's closed summer home has some suspicious activity taking place around it , Levi discovers a couple of intruding , though apparently harmless , neighborhood boys . He brings them back to his own house to report them to the authorities and makes them sit on the `` funeral couch '' , made up of leftover coffin lining material Clara purchased from the local funeral director ; an example of her reputation of being near , not to mention giving the boys the heebie jeebies as added , though unintended , punishment.One woman , Meg , `` from away '' laments the fact that the villagers do n't seem to read . It is not long before she comes to realize that `` Rockahs ah n't readahs '' , as her husband puts it , but they are eager listeners . Meg , having plenty of opportunity to narrate her stories to islanders , finds parallels between village life and the lives of characters from some of her favorite books by authors such as Shakespeare and Sherwood Anderson . She learns that while White Rock dwellers may not read much literature , they `` certainly lived it . `` There is suspicion of child molestation by a teacher . Intrigue comes to town in the form of a tragic `` fancy woman . '' Long memories of small town folk is proven when a sheriff 's deputy is asked about a knee injury from a childhood incident as though it was just weeks ago he was injured . Secrets are revealed of the old doctor who would find interesting areas of women 's bodies requiring examination-no matter of what ailment she complained upon arrival in his office . Mystery comes in the form of a Spanish man who shows up in the local cemetery . Lessons in preparing brown bread and salting cod also bring us directly into their realm.One of my favorite traits of Mainers is the very fine thread used to tie people together who are `` almost '' related . It so happens that a distant relation of those from whom the author of this book purchased her own home some years ago owns the cottage in which I presently live . Makes me wonder if the author will allow me to claim her as a relation because of this thread , thereby allowing me a bit of leeway given the fact that I am `` from away . `` In addition , of course , there are the stories surrounding the white rock , which gives the island its name . You will have to read the book to learn of these .
 Exchanging notes with Mike Birman about Petrarch , whose poems inspired some of the greatest composers of the 16th and 17th Centuries , I suddenly made a connection -- had an epiphany , to put it in grad school terms . Eugenio Montale -LRB- b. 1896 -RRB- wrote a lot like Petrarch ! That may not be such a surprise to scholars of Italian literature , or it may seem like pure nonsense to those same scholars . Che sara sara . But for the various readers of my reviews of Monteverdi and other madrigalists , the mere mention of a modern Italian poet , and an extremely good one , may be a revelation . Here 's a very short poem by Montale : LUNGOMAREIl soffio cresce , il buio e rotto a squarci , e l'ombra che tu mandi sulla fragilepalizzata s ` arriccia . Troppo tardise vuoi esser te stessa ! Dalla palmatonfa il sorcio , il baleno e sulla miccia , sui lunghissimi cigli del tuo sguardo.But Montale lived through tougher times , and modern themes show up in his work as veins of grief through his translucent marble lyricism . Here 's my own translation of his poem `` La Primavera Hitleriana '' : HITLER SPRINGA thick lamp-loony mist , moths , dim as sleetswirls down parapets , eddies , drains , shakes down on the stones a sheetthat crackles like sugar underfoot.When summer comes , now soon , it breakschill nitres loose the dying season heldhidden in coverts , quarries , orchards whichfrom Maiano snake down sandhills to sandy banks.Hooked crosses , flags and flambeaux , mystic chantsof stooges gorged him in -- the hellbent henchmancyclist who through the Corso just nowblazed . Shop fronts are shuttered , brokeand gutless though they , they too , sportplastic cannons . Bars creakacross the butcher 's counter closing , hewho used to deck his goats ' heads outwith red small berries -- rite of those tender killerswho do not know blood yet , made overin a puking reel of mashed white wings , larvaeon the mud-flats fledging , and foul waterrots its banks and no one is blameless.For nothing is it ? St. John 's Evegoes slowly blonde as roman candles streakadios stark as baptisms to this dolorous watchthe horde keeps . Some precious something skatesyour shoreline skyward , Tobias ' seraph sevenspermed on ice . Heliotropesfoal from your fingers . -- Our bleeding ulcer , April , if it freeze such death in death , is a holiday yet.Clizia , whose fate this is , though changed , youlove unchanged until that sun that squints in you islacklustered in the Other , annihilated inhim for everyone . Sirens , pig iron bells , sledging the horde 's Walpurgisnacht , alreadywith peals broken off heaven , descending , conquering , chime -- Oh dawnof frosted breathing but unhorriblewhich tomorrow bursts over the fried gulches of the south ... Clizia is Montale 's recurrent feminine , his match for Petrarch 's Laura . My translation was published some years ago in the Transatlantic Review # 19 . Robert Lowell included several translations of Montale poems in his book `` Imitations '' and Charles Wright has translated nearly all of Montale in very impressive poetic English .
 Some of Montale 's best poems translated faithfully and presented in the original Italian . The annotations in this book are a great addition because Montale is n't as well known in the US as he should be .
 After long search for translation of Montale 's poems , this bilingual edition was perfect . Book was in perfect condition and arrived at exactly the announced date .
 Ably translated and annotated by Jonathan Galassi , this revised bilingual edition of Eugenio Montale 's Collected Poems 1920-1954 brings the lyrical Italian poet 's work to a new generation of readers . Montale is a gifted poet who work is deeply beautiful as it confronts the dilemmas of modern history , philosophy , and faith . Day And Night
 This book not only describes and helps the new teacher in the English classroom , but any high school classroom . It illustrates many common classroom problems , then helps identify solutions . Some of the situations they accentuate are defending a grade , mandated testing and especially for the English teacher-problems with student interpretation , what to do when the students have read the book before , and numerous others . As a pre-service teacher in college , I can honestly say that after all the droll books on theory and pedagogy , this book can teach you so much more in a real-life approach .
 Rabbi Berkovits examines the crisis of faith of modern man . He defines the sense of meaningless which has come to a Mankind which feels itself alone in an indifferent Cosmos . He sees that there has been a disintegration of traditional value systems . This sickness he sees as having also invaded traditional Judaism.He strives to understand how Judaism can provide meaning in a variety of areas of life , including in sexual ethics , in the place of the woman in society , in the state of Israel . He argues that there needs to be a new Jewish revival of spirit . He says that this should involve a Jewish movement toward combining religious and secular learning . He says that the Jewish world must find its meaning in greater unity , greater mutual caring and concern . He concludes the work as follows : `` Contemplating the dangers besetting all Israel , the threats to our very survival - not at all unlike those in the days of Nazism-how can we think of facing the challenges of the hour without the strongest possible unity of all Israel , without the highest grade of responsibility toward Klal Yisrael , without being carried forward by the deepest sense of Ahavat Yisrael ? How can we do it without realizing that Bein kakh uvein kakh , either way , such are the Jews God has still left ; that either way , they are the only brothers and sisters still left us , upon whom alone we may count and who count on us ! `` Rabbi Berkovits wrote these words nearly thirty years ago at the time of the Yom Kippur War . They of course apply today when Israel and the Jewish people are encountering a new evil combination of anti- Semitism from extreme left and Islamic fundamentalist right.This is a book that speaks to the Jewish crisis even today .
 The great thing about this oral history is that you get a personal feel for the characters as they talk about their experiences . The wide range of experiences are reflected in the wide range of personalities that the history is drawn from . The accounts are honest and sincere . Each account begins with a brief editorial introduction and summary of a different aspect of the SEALs unit formation and operational history in Viet Nam . This helps the reader to understand the subject as a broad total of experiences rather than just a bundle of yarns slapped together . The editor did a great job of putting the accounts in an informative sequence which gave this reviewer a greater background understanding of the following accounts as I progressed through the book.I bought my copy during a visit to the SEAL / UDT Museum in Fort Pierce , Florida and I strongly recommend other interested military buffs to buy this book and check out the museum . Well worth it .
 This is a great book about 15 SEALS and their experiences from training to the Vietnam war and life in the teams . It is interesting to read about the different personalities of this elite group and the things that make them alike . Highly recommended .
 I love the fact that this story was written with 15 different voices . Often times people would try to shell out 15 separate books instead , but I like the weaving interplay of the stories as they go into around and through one another.This truly does -LRB- as another reviewer said -RRB- give the impression of an oral history and stories as they 'd be told around a camp fire , very enjoyable .
 There are an increasing number of books being published about U.S. Navy SEALs , but HUNTERS & SHOOTERS is one of the best , especially about the era when Navy SEALs served in Vietnam.The editor of this book , Bill Fawcett , gathered 15 former SEALs and asked them to relate their experiences . Some of their tales are short , others are longer , but they all have the ring of truth.The SEAL Teams matured during the Vietnam War when their mission was to identify , disrupt and eliminate where possible the leadership infrastructure of the Viet Cong . The SEALS served primarily in the Mekong Delta and over the course of the six years that they served in country , they were able to provoke deadly fear into the Viet Cong leadership . In some cases , the SEAL platoons operated individually in the Delta , though frequently with the support of Vietnamese SEALs -LRB- who were trained by the American SEALs -RRB- . In other instances , the SEALs were attached to the PHOENIX program , advising Provincial Reconaissance Units -LRB- PRU 's -RRB- who were often ex-Viet Cong who had turned on their communist colleagues.The PHOENIX program became a target for anti-war protesters in the late 60 's and early 70 's , but in fact the program was probably the most effective operation the Americans undertook in terms of inflicting damage on the Viet Cong infrastructure . Frank Thornton and Mike Boynton give the most enlightened accounts of their PHOENIX/PRU experiences.The writer should note that he himself served as a SEAL in Vietnam , so this favorable critique of HUNTERS & SHOOTERS is based on first-hand knowledge of SEAL operations . The hope from this end is that Fawcett or some other editor will compile a similar book about SEAL operations in the Middle East , including Afghanistan , to give the SEALs in those conflicts their own recognition for their efforts on behalf of our country 's security .
 I thought this book was and indepth and exciting book . It is about 16 Navy SEALs and their stories in Vietnam . The storys range to be about 10-60 pages in length . They are written from a first person view of a Navy SEAL in their own account of the Vietnam war . The stories start from about where they were born and why they joined the Navy to become a SEAl . It goes through indepth deatil about the traing in some stories . And it also has a detailed accurate account of that person 's part in the Vietnam War . I would reccomed this book to anybody who is interested in the Navy SEALs or the Vietnam War . I personally had fun reading this book and hope anyone else who does the same experince
 Nice work . Full disclosure . Some of these guys were drinking buddies when I worked in Norfolk . I produced the first TV documentary on SEALS
 I loved this book ! Being a Navy vet myself , I never got to meet anyone in the Seal Program . I was in , in the late 70 's and early 80 's , so Vietnam was just history to me . I liked the way this book is written , with 15 Seal vets telling their own individual stories , their way . It becomes apparent that there was a great diversity among the Seals and is surely that way even today . I really admire Seals and think that their contributions during Vietnam and since , is something that needs to be `` put out there '' more . This book held my attention throughout and was an easy read . I have found myself getting various books on Seals more and more - they fascinate me . I 'm sure that a lot of other people feel the same way . They impress me with their bravery and endurance . Any Navy or other service person would love this book for their tales of adventure and bravery !
 This was a great book !! I started it on a Friday & was finished by Sunday . 15 great stories told by the men who lived it . A must read if you enjoy SEAL books .
 A good book , it gives examples of the many jobs a team member performs to contribute to the success of all of hte teams .
 It is a cool book because it has so many ex-SEALS in it
 The book was really good
 I have n't read this book , but I did notice that the first chapter is devoted to Rudy of `` Survivor '' fame , who holds the record for longest service in naval special warfare .
 This guide divides Tuscany into six main areas . Each geographical area is based on the local produce and gastronomic traditions . It seems that if you are visiting Tuscany , one of the main reasons is going to be fore the cuisine . There is a focus on meats , cheese , olives and wine.Areas Covered
 Puppies are irresistible and so is a unique and very special one - Little Scraggly Hair who lived years and years ago . And , of all things , this pup had a warm , dry nose.In his day people were n't dog lovers . In fact , they had absolutely no use for them . Dogs were n't allowed in their cabins
 I 'm partial to mutts - they always seem to be loyal and have a sweet disposition . This story is wonderful . I love the dialect , I love the transformation and I love the point of the story . Wonderful , wonderful !
 I read this to my 6 year old daughter the first couple times and we both found it frustrating . It is written with a `` hillbilly '' dialect which was difficult for my daughter to understand . I found myself explaining the story after each line I read . We put the book on the shelf and she did not choose it for a bedtime story for months . When she pulled it out again , I decided to read it with that Southern accent , and have fun with it . Now , it 's become one of her favorite bedtime stories .
 This book is great . I think that just like the Jacks book , it provides quality illistrations and teaches you how to be a master of one of the greatest games of all time !
 THIS STIRRING NOVEL BY SIR H HAGGARD IS SET IN THE CLIMACTIC MONTHS BEFORE THE OPENING OF THE THIRD CRUSADE , CALLED THE KING 'S CRUSADE.THE BRETHREN IS A CLASSIC TALE OF LOVE AND CHIVALRY , UNFOLDING AMIDST THE TOUCHING STORY OF TWO KNIGHTS WHO ARE IN LOVE WITH THE SAME MAIDEN.THE DEVOTION OF THESE MEN ARE TESTED WHEN THEIR BELOVED IS CARRIED AWAY AGAINST HER WILL TO PALESTINE AND EVENTUALLY TO THE COURT OF THE FAMOUS MUSLIM LEADER , SALADINE.THEIR QUEST TO RECLAIM ROSAMUNDE , THE KIDNAPPED MAIDEN , THRUSTS THE BRETHREN INTO A WEB OF INTRIGUE AND TREACHERY THAT REMAINS UNBROKEN UNTIL THEY HAVE ENDURED EPIC CRUSADER BATTLES AND A BLOODY SEIGE OF JERUSALEM !! THIS IS ONE OF SIR HAGGARRD 'S GRANDEST NOVELS !!!
 It 's a good basic book - no frills . Since it 's my first Korean food cookbook I have nothing to compare it to . It has been helpful especially the glossary which describes terms .
 I 'm a lapsed vegetarian who enjoys the beefy food my Korean friends cook -- but nothing tops the recipes in Flavors of Korea . Vegetarians and meat-eaters alike will enjoy these recipes
 Simply delectable recipes ! It was my first experience cooking Korean foods - What a treat !
 I grew up eating Korean food at least half the time . When I became a vegetarian , one of the sacrifices I made was most of my Korean food . Although I was able to make some dishes -LRB- like the spinach and bean sprout salads -RRB- , it was difficult to feel like I was getting a complete meal.This cookbook allowed me to enjoy the flavors of my childhood . It 's so nice to be able to flip through a Korean cookbook and know that I can cook everything in it -LRB- that 's a luxury I think only vegetarians will understand ! -RRB- . All of the recipes I 've tried so far are delicious - two thumbs way up !
 I grew up eating my mom 's wonderful Korean food , and while it is certainly healthier than the usual American fare , going completely vegetarian while eating Korean seemed difficult . Although Korean side dishes and standards like bibimbop and daenjang chige are obvious vegetarian treats , many other dishes incorporate beef , pork , or chicken , although they are not the main focus of the meal . And then , of course , the wonderful barbecued meats were certainly hard to give up after becoming vegetarian.But the wonderful thing about this cookbook is that it has narrowed down those selections of Korean foods that are truly vegetarian , without trying to replace or substitute for the original meat dishes . There are also a lot of wonderful vegan options , and calorie and nutritional information are included at the bottom of the recipe.Most of the recipes are quick and easy . All in all , this book is the perfect addition to a vegetarian 's library . It will nicely supplement other ethnic cookbooks and contains many meals which are easily prepared in a short amount of time . Highly recommended .
 Flavors of Korea is a gem of a cookbook ! As a vegetarian going through a bit of `` menu bordom '' , I wanted to try Korean food to spice up my palette . I could not have made a better choice and for such a great price . Everything is explained in the book from buying Korean spices , to wonderful menus . The author has done a good job of keeping things simple for those of us who might be a bit intimidated .
 I have only made a few recipes from the book , but I can safely say , it will be a book I use often . The recipes in here more or less makes small portions which is great for someone living alone , or couples . If not , you will find yourself making five or six different recipes for one dinner for four . Even though making so many different things might seem like it is too much , they are VERY simple and easy to make.What I really like about the cookbook is that it is almost vegan . Probably 80 % of the recipes do n't have any dairy or eggs , and clearly no meat . If someone is a vegan , I would suggest this book since a large portion works with you diet.My only complaint is that the author , I think , tries to keep the spice levels lower . It serves handy for my boyfriend who sweats over small doses of spices , but annoying for me since I like things super hot . As one one reviewer pointed out , some of the food kind-of lacks some of the punch I know from some Korean food I have eaten in the past . And I also wish that the recipes and ingredients would include Hangul spellings of ingredients . I felt a little silly looking for some of the ingredients in the store .
 I love Korean food but I had found it very difficult to find a good Vegetarian Korean cookbook until I stumbled onto this terrific book . I found fun and easy to prepare vegetarian and many vegan recipes in this very unique book .
 I bought this cookbook before heading off to Korea to teach English , knowing in advance that Korean food is meat-centered . It quickly became apparent that this cookbook is written for those in the U.S. -- the measurements are American , and the text is only in English . I see many things in the Korean markets that are n't mentioned in the book , probably because they are n't readily available in the U.S.Because the range of seasonings Korean cooks use is limited , many of the recipes are similar . To my taste , they are often bland . Still , there are some real winners in the book and it has helped me develop an expansive repertoire . I 've successfully made kimchi and veggie dumplings using this book.A minor pet peeve
 Not having a lot of time to prepare meals , I find that the receipes in this book are very easy to prepare and tasty . I use the book all the time . Great content and great for vegetarians that like to try other foods from other countries .
 Being someone that loves Korean food . It is refreshing to see that creating a lot of the foods that I enjoy can be created so easily . Even if yours friends are not vegetarians , they will enjoy the recipes that can be either the main course or a side dish . This is by far the best Korean Vegetarian book that I have seen .
 This is a good VEGETARIAN cookbook for those who want to cook meatless Korean food , but in my opinion , it is missing many delicious and meatless Korean dishes . The receipes are simple and easy -LRB- and they offer substitutes for certain Korean foods that might be hard to buy in the US . -RRB- Overall , good stuff , but you might want to also get a general Korean cookbook for more variety . You can always leave out the meat ...
 Yay ! This book has almost everything that I was looking for ... except black bean sauce noodles . Great book and well worth it ! Most recipes are vegan .
 I enjoyed A.F. 's other books enough to buy this one , although it is not nearly as practical . The sections on where to buy clothes are not only out of date by now , they are also designed for people who have far more money than most . Actually , I do n't know why this book was published originally since , if you have the money to shop at these stores , you probably already know about them . It almost seems like a matter of credentialing , but who knows.I would buy one of A.F. 's other books if you are just looking for a men 's clothing guide . However , if the subject matter really interests you , you will find that each of A.F. 's books covers much of the same ground , but in slightly different ways , so that there is value in reading all of them , including this one .
 Alan Flusser 's latest book is a must read for any man who wants to look good . Flusser is occasionally insufferably stuffy , but what he has to say about quality and fit in men 's tailored clothes is well-reasoned and well-presented . He makes a strong case for a classic but not dowdy wardrobe of high-quality clothes that could make any man look and feel good , and he reviews the various places in major cities around the world where one could go about constructing it . He really does n't deal with casual/sport clothes very well , but most men probably do n't need him to -- there is vastly more confusion about a suit and tie than there is about a polo shirt and chinos .
 This book is an excellent source of knowledge and information . So much of the information is still relevant today and is timeless . The deep level of knowledge and in sight into the industry and business is a real feast for the novice.Would recommend this to any man that is interested in his clothing image . The value of representing your self to the best of your ability.Colt 45
 This book should occupy a prominent place in your collection . Yes its ok to own more than one book on sartorial correctness . Take this book for its strenghts -LRB- i.e. , the correct way to buy fine clothes -RRB- and do n't worry about its drawbacks . This is an excellent source for learning about the theory and practice of dressing like a proper man . Much has been made about the outdated addresses of some of the stores in the second half of the book . Well my response is . . get over it . Fine mens stores change addresses , its a fact of life . The important thing is the name and description of the store . With that said , sit back and enjoy the text and pictures and take responsibility for being a well heeled gentleman ... if you dare .
 The book was in excellent condition . `` Style and the Man '' , is essential for the well dressed and casual dresser . The book could use an update , but for essentials it is indispensible .
 This is really two books
 Flusser is the second best writer on clothes -LRB- Boyer is the best -RRB- and the most knowledgeable . This is a very good book , whose only shortcoming is a lack of information . The first sections are shorter than I would have liked them , and the subsequent sections , though fascinating reading , are of limited usefulness to anyone who is not a rich globetrotter.Still , there is a lot of great info in those shop descriptions , but you have to glean it all out . An index would have been welcome.All told
 Mr. Flusser once again demonstrates his sartorial knowledge with another wonderful book . Knowing where to go for fine mens clothing is as big a problem as knowing what a man should wear . Mr Flusser updates the principles he set down in Clothes and The Man and tells us where to fine many of the items a well dressed man should have . From suits to scarves , glasses to cufflinks its all here in this book .
 I am rarely satisfied with either the initial or second fitting of a bespoke suit ; time , patience and the cultivation of a rapport with one 's tailor must be sought if the finished article is to be worthy of appreciation.Alan Flusser 's Style and the Man must be treated likewise.This is a book worth visiting time and again prior to any clothes shopping expedition . Mr Flusser takes us on a stroll across the aged wooden floors of Savile Row to the elegant marble of Milan , and somewhere in between finds the time to advise on how , what and more importantly when certain items of clothing should be worn.Style and the Man replaces the highly expensive and Victorian need of employing a man servant.Thank you Mr Flusser . George Montgomery . 100452.3353@compuserve.com Hong Kong S.A.R. China
 MR.FLUSSER IS A MAN OF STYLE AND CLASSICAL ELEGANCE ... IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A BOOK WHICH WILL TAKE YOU INTO A JOURNEY AMONG THE BEST - AND MOST EXPENSIVE - BRANDS AND SHOPS OF MEN ` SWEAR , DO N'T HESITATE BUY IT !
 If you 're seeking information on how to tell fine menswear from bad , skip this book and go directly to Flusser 's new one.If you 're a would-be dandy looking for information on where to buy men 's furnishings around the world , buy the book -LRB- with a minor caution -RRB- . Many of the stores in the U.S. have relocated and some have closed.On the other hand , I 've used it to find choices in London and Paris that I would never have known about otherwise . And once you 've made the initial investment in the measurements , you can patronize many of these establishments by telephone.A number of earlier reviews criticise Flusser for focusing on the finest quality and most expensive clothing in the world . It is , and he does . But for people who do or want to play that game , it 's still the best source of information .
 As noted by many reviewers , the clothing fact information is first rate.The second part of the book on shopping and retail establishments is so out of date in 2005 that I really question whether a purchase is worthwhile if retailer information is primary purpose of proposed purchase . A good 60 % of the information on establishments in the US and London is totally outdated or the stores have gone out of business.Try the library or borrowing from a friend to see if any of the desired information is still relevant before purchasing . This book needs a serious update .
 As other reviewers have noted , this book is really two books . One is a guide to the style of fine men 's clothes , the other tells where to buy them . Most people will probably find the style information in the beginning the most useful part.One reviewer thought that the author left out certain points of view on style issues . It is true , for example , that the author recommends only the four-in-hand tie knot , and not the questionable half-Windsor . I think that he makes a good case for the four-in-hand being better looking , anyway . You certainly wo n't go wrong following the author 's conservative clothing advice.There is good information on wearing difficult clothes properly , such as the bow tie , handkerchief , etc. . The book also describes how to buy clothes and judge their quality.I think that the style information could be expanded and spun-off into its own book . The shopping information could stand on its own as a travel guide quite well . I would reccommend this book , however . It seems to be the best of its kind .
 While it 's true that Flusser 's book contains a guide to some of the most expensive menswear in the world , it 's silly to downgrade the book for that reason . By telling you about suit construction , Flusser makes it possible to buy good cloths inexpensively by showing you what to look for . Admittedly the second part of this book is a guide to `` the best '' available , but it 's still interesting to read and instructional even if I 'll never buy a suit in Milan -LRB- and I wo n't -RRB- .
 It 's true there 's too much of the book devoted to cities most of us will never visit . It 's true that his first book -LRB- Clothes and the Man -RRB- was better . But it 's also true that you must have this book for the definitive answer on dressing.I have numerous other books on style , and almost all of them reference Flusser at one point or another . You have to get the words straight from the horse 's mouth . And even the shop reviews are good . You 're likely to visit at least * one * of these cities in your life , right ? Besides that , in this day and age stores have legs . The analyses of NY Barneys and Brooks Brothers easily translate . If you have any interest in dressing well and classic style , you really need this book above any other . And it looks great on your shelf .
 This book , published in 1996 and half of which is a directory of shops , was bound to be outdated months after publication much less ten years after , as it is now . Hence the four stars instead of five.Given that , the first part of the book is crammed with a precis or summary of Flusser 's recommendations that he has used several hundred pages to expound in his other books -LRB- ` Clothes And The Man ' , ` Dressing The Man ' -RRB- and makes the book worth the -LRB- used -RRB- book price.I do not understand others who warn against this book because they think it is not objective enough ! This is a book written by Flusser so of course you will get his subjective view . Had it been written by a committee of tailors , well then , I would expect a more balanced view , but it is not . It is up to the intelligent reader to understand they are getting a product of one man 's opinion and then proceed accordingly .
 Got to say this book rocks . Flusser writes in detail about all major components of a man 's attire . He explains how to recognize a well made shirt , what makes a custom made shoe worthwhile and how to choose the right suit among others . Also others here have commented on the author 's choice to include stores to buy fine mens wear as a detriment to the book . I kind of like it . I work in Manhattan and it 's nice to have a -LRB- biased -RRB- view on what stores have what and the general flavor of the store . He of course lists the easily recognizable Madison Ave shops but he does have some select shops that specialize in specic things like shoes , cufflinks etc. . Of course all these shops are pricey but some are not totally outrageous . This is not the book for those looking to skimp and save on garments but a book for those who want to be able recognize the best and consequently get a value for their money .
 A bit dated -LRB- 1996 -RRB- at this point , but still good . Looking forward to his updated version for Fall 2002 .
 Alan Flusser 's latest book is a must read for men who wearclothes -LRB- and the women who may buy them -RRB- . Flusser , a renowned expert , respected designer and prolific writer on men 's apparel , opens with a discussion of what to wear , from casual dressing to formalwear , without missing a step in between . He has a definite point of view on men 's fashion , favoring traditional English-style clothing rooted in the Anglo-American traditions of the 1930 's and 1940 's , but also recognizes different tastes . He then takes the reader on a city-by-city shopping tour of the best men 's stores around the world . He reviews a number of stores in each major city , describing the shopping experience and the merchandise and highlighting the unique or noteworthy items which distinguish each store . If you buy only one book on men 's clothing , make it this one .
 Environmental protection programs in the United States have greatly improved the water quality in lakes , rivers , wetlands , coastal waters , and ground water during the past 25 years , yet many challenges remain . Dr. Robert Reimold-an internationally recognized expert in wetlands ecology and active participant in the Water Environment Federation -LRB- WEF -RRB- , a worldwide non-profit technical and educational organization-has written and edited a significant volume on integrated environmental management . Developed for environmental engineers , planners , and managers ; government policymakers ; economic planners ; and other key stakeholders , Watershed Management builds on the correct premise that many water quality and ecosystem issues are best addressed environmentally , financially , socially , and administratively at the watershed level rather than at the individual waterbody or specific discharger level . The watershed approach addresses environmental issues within natural hydrologically defined geographic areas , taking into consideration both surface and ground water flow . Important within the watershed approach is the cumulative impact of a wide variety of human activities and the prioritization of critical issues within a given watershed . Dr. Reimold points to work in the Chesapeake Bay and the Florida Everglades as two good examples of decisions being made and focused , integrated actions being taken on a `` whole drainage system '' basis rather than by controlling point sources of pollution only . Water Management spans case studies in the U.S. , France , the Nile River basin , the Pacific rim , and former Soviet Union . The book contains a foreword by Dr. Eugene P. Odum . Dr. Odum , professor emeritus at the University of Georgia , is a recipient of the Crafoord Prize-an equivalent of the Nobel Prize-for excellence in ecology from the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences . It is well-annotated , subject-indexed , and authenticated quantitatively . Robert S. Frey , M.A. Editor/Publisher , BRIDGES
 This clever series where the motive is always money has a banker who naturally can put his finger on the clues . This one is a great outing with rival researchers claiming the rights to a break - through tomato -- one that can stand up to travel and still taste like something -- would n't that be great ? Mixing the profit motive and academic pride proves to be a deadly combination . Violence in the greenhouses and among the footnotes . A fast paced mystery with an orginal and credible plot .
 A good mystery-boo
 It is not easy for a woman in the work world but top that off with being a Christian woman and the ball game gets a whole lot harder.For this woman , she now not only has to compete in a man 's world , but she also knows she must play by rules that most of the others in the game do n't even know exist . What is she to do?Author , Amy Baker takes a hard look at this problem in her work , `` Succeed At Work Without Sidetracking Your Faith , '' and has come up with some top-notch faith related answers.If you are wanting to be a successful working woman and also a woman of faith you could not find a betting help book than this one , nor a better teacher than our author because you know you are learning from one who has been there , experienced what you are experiencing and has come out a winner . You realize that God indeed wants you to succeed and that you will not fall behind or if I may say , be a wimp , because you conduct yourself and your business in God 's principals of success . Ms. Baker gives us humorous stories , mixing biblical wisdom in her words to bring us up to speed in our decision making.If you are a Christian working woman wanting to succeed in the business world and still maintain the integrity of your walk with God this book will indeed encourage you and help you . However , this is not just for the Christian woman , every morsel of advice in this work is written to help and can be used by all women who are mingling in the work world.Shirley JohnsonSenior ReviewerMidWest Book Review
 Succeed at Work Without Sidetracking Your Faith is a very practical , biblically sound book that will help women manage the working world without compromising their faith . This book covers seven lessons for women in the workplace . Each chapter of this book covers one lesson with practical advice , biblical insight , personal stories and examples , and a touch of humor . The seven lessons included are : Lesson 1
 Reviewed by Cherie Fisher for Reader Views -LRB- 9/06 -RRB- Author Amy C. Baker gets to the heart of the matter for working Christian women - how to integrate faith into everyday work . Ms. Baker has taken 20 years of professional experience in human relations , communications and not for profit and turned it into an easy to follow blueprint for Christian women to follow . Often using her own work experience as an executive for Dell , a hugely successful company , she shows the reader that a person does not have to compromise their values or excellence to succeed in business . Every chapter is full of solid career advice , values and some very humorous examples of successful people who use these principles . Baker ends each chapter with things to think about and evaluate in our own lives.The 7 lessons of Career Excellence include : Career Planning is your job - even if it 's not in your job description . People need to take responsibility for their own careers and not leave it up to the Human Resources Department . You are the only person who really knows your skills and successes.Organizational politics exist in every company . Stories of political maneuvering go back to the Bible and will always exist . It is up to us to work with the highest ethics and Christian values when confronted with office politics.There 's always a customer . Who are your customers ? Do you have a good relationship with them ? Would they describe you as ethical and honest?You are not defined by the title on your business card . So many people get caught up in the ego world of job titles and we are so much more than just a job title.Mentoring can be magical , but not manufactured . It is important to choose mentors who represent the values that you hold close to you.There 's no such thing as too much integrity . Integrity covers much more than just work decisions , it is based on what and how we say it , gossip or inappropriate talk , and even our appearance.Your work impacts the Kingdom of God . Every person in the workforce impacts the Kingdom of God , from the frontline fast food associate to the President of a company.Baker uses successful stories from women throughout the book beginning with the foreward by Supermodel Kim Alexis . Here is a high profile woman who stands by her Christian values in the tough fashion world . Other examples include many high profile women who face tough decisions in the workplace everyday and choose the Christian way . They prove that you can be highly successful and not be swayed away from your beliefs.This is a book that I would highly recommend for Christian women going into or already in the workplace . Amy Baker does a great job integrating Christian principles and overall excellence with the career path . I would like to coin a phrase from her book where she describes successful women from Biblical Stories by saying `` You Go Girl ! '' right back to her.Book received free of charge .
 This was the first Stephen Cox book I bought , way back in 1989 . I saw a segment on TV one morning and then happened to read an article about the book the same day . I rushed out to the mall and grabbed the only remaining copy in the store.Due to this book being so well written and painstakingly researched , I 've bought every one of this author 's books.Even if you 're just a casual viewer of The Wizard of Oz , you will enjoy this book . And if you 're an Oz-lover ? Well , you NEED to buy this book !
 This book is absolutely amazing , I am stunned at how simple and easy it has been to get my boyfriend 's blood sugars under control in less than 2 weeks time . Within 24 hours of beginning this plan , his blood sugars had plummeted to less than 1/3rd of what they 'd previously been . We 've had to reduce his insulin and medication already and we 've only been doing this for 1.5 weeks ! We are just so encouraged by these results that we 're now highly motivated to stick with the plan . We 're also so grateful to Dr. B for sharing his incredible research on diabetes with the rest of us . This book is truly a life-changer for diabetics and for the people who love them .
 Dr Bernstein 's book changed my life . When I purchased this book I was on insulin . I am a Type 2 diabetic and had huge swings in my blood sugar . Dr. Bernstein 's book is a very easy . It is written in such a way that you want to continue . I began using the low carb principles on a very strict basis initially . The first week or so I felt awful but what was happening to my blood sugars were they were stabilizing . Approximately 5 days into this dramatic change in my diet , I did begin feeling better and continued to improve day by day . This is not a diet . . it is a way of life . I have been insulin free for over 4 years now and over 30 pounds lighter . I eat frequent small meals . Occasionally , I get fooled by foods you buy on the run but quickly know something is not right . For example , I bought a frozen coffee at a local eatery . The drink was suppose to be sugar free . It was except for the `` espresso syrup '' they put in it . Whoa , I felt bad so quickly . I contacted the company to let them know they were advertising this incorrectly and it was dangerous for diabetics . Dr. Bernstein is right . After you have been doing this for awhile , you can taste the sugar in processed foods . Thank you Dr. Bernstein .
 Although Dr. Bernstein has been labeled as having extreme views when it comes to diabetes , he has a lot of experience with the disease , as he is a suffer himself . He identifies in his book the issue of how hard it is to bring down someone from a 300 + high , and this is n't discussed very often in books about diabetes . Excellent reading .
 If the ADA disappeared tomorrow but this book remained , prognosis for all diabetics would be improved.Hats off to Dr. Bernstein for devoting his life to understanding this disease and improving the lives of diabetics .
 It was only through Bernstein 's book that I was able to appreciate the importance of maintaining a low carbohydrate diet if I were to ever achieve `` normalized '' blood glucose and hope to avoid the long term complications associated with the disease . Bernstein , first trained as an engineer , later as an M.D. , offers a wonderful `` nuts and bolts '' approach to maintenance of diabetes whether type 1 or type 2 . His standard of control set the bar high where , in my opinion , it needs to be . I wish that my Father , who died of diabetes complications , had been privy to his approach and had available to him the instant test methods for blood glucose that are now available.Korban
 This book was a wellspring of information for me as a newly diagnosed type 2 diabetic . Getting off the cycle of being told to eat complex carbs , seeing my blood glucose spike from doing just what I was told , and getting medications increased again and again , I read what Dr. Bernstein said with interest . After trying his recommendations I can say with no reservations that this book may have saved my life ! I highly recommend it to anyone who has pre-diabetes or diabetes and hope that the general medical community opens their eyes . After only one day of this diet my blood glucose readings were close to normal , and continue to stay there , with less medication . My energy levels are high and I have felt better than I have in a long long time . Kudos to you Dr. Bernstein , for daring to say the truth ! I recommend both his books and also Dr. Atkins Diabetes Revolution to anyone who wants to learn about diabetes and diet .
 This book explained every question I 've had about how to manage Diabetes . There is information you will never get from your own Dr. and certainly not from a nutritionist . He tells you what meds to take and what not to take and why . He tells you what to eat and not to eat , artificial sugars to use and not to use . He tells you how to save your own life .
 This book has a tough approach but is highly through and very informative.Since I have been on this diet , all the cravings for junk food have gone . I was someone who lived for sugar and now I do not want any of it . I use to crave coffee in the morning as well but realized I did n't want that wired up feeling & acid stomach . I switched over to a caffeine-free coffee substitute made from soyabeans I found on the net at www.S o y c o f f e e.c om . It so easy for someone to tell you to eat less , but if you are craving bad foods , eventually you will fail . In the first five days I was on this diet all the craving ceased and I was already 8 lbs down . If you were like me and can not wait for your next slice of cake and at the same time really want to change your lifestyle , Try this.Lowering your carb intake will also help in preventing cholesterol . So , on the whole taking precautions and remedial steps can keep off a lot of adversities . Dr. Atkins 's book has been a real help .
 Excellent . I have since purchased Protein Power by the Eades & Eades , MD which is a great supplement . I would also suggest Blood Sugar 101 by Jenny Ruhl . All three are a must have .
 I have not been diagnosed very long with diabetes . However , my blood sugars are already under control using Dr. Bernstein 's books along with Metformin . I hope to have a long and healthy relationship with the solutions that Dr. Bernstein had shared with the world !
 very helpful information on what happens when you get diabetes-not when you are diagnosed .
 Dr. Bernstein has researched and developed the most sensible approach to controlling blood sugar in both Type I and Type II diabetics that I have ever encountered .
 Dr. Bernstein 's book is a very good resource.He states he has been diabetic since age 12 and became a doctor to advocate for other diabetics . The book is very good guide for anyone facing this illness .
 This book is comprehensive on maintaining normal blood sugars and is an advocate for lo carbs diet like adkins . It is a common sense book for diabetic seeking to achieve normal blood sugars . However this approach may be difficult for the majority of diabetics who enjoy carbohydrates . The trick is step by step reduction of high glycemic carbos to lo glycemic carbos . Example would be like eating a bowl of OLD fashion oatmeal which has a low glycmeic value.diabetes diet tipswww.managing-my-diabetes . com
 I 'm not finished reading yet , but I 've learned some very important information to helop me get and keep my blood sugar levels in a normal and safe range .
 very thorough , just have to be disciplined to follow .
 I highly recommend the 30-Day Diabetes Miracle series for managing your diabetes and creating a whole new healthy lifestyle!The 30-Day Diabetes Miracle
 WE URGE EVERY DIABETIC AND POTENTIAL DIABETIC TO READ THIS BOOK!MY HUSBAND IS AN INSULIN DEPENDANT DIABETIC . MY COUSIN IS A NURSE AND SHE RECOMMENDED THE BOOK . AFTER READING IT , WE MADE AN APPT . TO MEET WITH DR BERNSTEIN . HE GAVE MY HUSBAND THE MOST THOROUGH EXAM I HAVE EVER SEEN . SINCE CHANGING TO DR B 'S REGIMEN , MY HUSBAND 'S BG #S HAVE BEEN BETWEEN 70-120 , BEFORE THEY WERE 35-250 . DR B 'S BOOK GIVES PRECISE INFO TO GIVE YOUR DR. SO THAT YOU CAN FEEL BETTER . WE JUST WISH WE HAD FOUND THIS BOOK BEFORE AS WE BELIEVE THAT HE WOULD NOT HAVE TO BE ON INSULIN TODAY IF HE HAD FOLLOWED DR. B 'S TEACHING .
 I had suffered from Type 2 diabetes for 11 years until I found Dr. Bernstein 's Diabetes Solution . There are few books on the subject that I had not read so when I saw his 2003 edition last year , I added it to my collection . It has also , for the first time in 12 years , given me the knowledge to obtain normal blood sugar levels throughout the day . Apparently we can not cure diabetes but there is one solution I can attest to and that is Dr. Bernstein 's solution . Normalizing blood sugars stop the damage from diabetes and can even reverse some to the damage the disease has done to the body . The book is well organized , it is easy to read for any layperson and it is complete . This new edition has kept the simplicity of the previous editions and added new information on ways of beating this debilitating disease . It is a MUST READ for diabetics and those who love them .
 Plainly and simply put , this works . Dr. Berstein 's book finally explained why it is so important to maintain good blood sugar . I do n't think diabetics take the disease seriously enough and I really think that is because the doctors they are seeing are not telling them the reallity that is diabetes and the major damage it can do to us . Do they really think it is not controllable ? I have several diabetic friends and what they say their doc is ok with , is astounding . Thank you Dr. Bernstein , you have no doubt saved countless lives with this book ... mine included .
 At the risk of sounding overly dramatic , I will simply say that as a type I diabetic the advice in this book has improved my condition immeasurably . After 8 months of following its low carbohydrate guidelines my A1C has dropped from 8.7 to an all-time low of 6.4 and my daily insulin dosage has decreased by almost 40 % -LRB- both long-acting and fast-acting -RRB- . I finally feel a measure of control over the disease and am slowly getting some respite from the constant frustration that unpredictable fluctuations in blood glucose measurements inevitably induce . I must add that I have not even been following the program very rigorously and have chosen to pass on some of its more drastic aspects -LRB- to me -RRB- . I do admit that losing most of my carb-heavy comfort foods was difficult at first -LRB- and occasionally still is -RRB- but the payoff is really so staggering that I believe every diabetic should be exposed to this information as part of their healthcare education and should n't have to buy a book in order to obtain it .
 As a mew diabetic I found this book very helpful.He writes to the insulin dependent and to the new diabetic.I had to ignore the information to the insulin dependent andgo to the parts on the type II diabetic.His advice is definite and real . Keeping the blood sugar in thenornal range is so important to controling this disease.Changing our behavior is most important . It 's hard but dooable.I am so glad I read this book . I have to keep reading this bookto keep myself focused on good eating habits and execise.He is a diabetic as well as a M.D.
 My husband has been a type 2 diabetic since 1990 . During this time he has followed the ADA reccomended eating plan ... sometimes strickly , sometimes ignoring it and eating whatever he liked . No matter what he did his blood sugars were always much higher than they should have been . NO ONE ever suggested he eat a low carb diet . We tried sugar busters ... eating only low glycemic carbs ... baked chicken w/o skin ... watched his portions ... all to no avail . He was on the highest limits of oral medication that is allowed . He was told that insulin was his next option . For us , insulin is not an option as he would lose his CDL , thus leaving us with no income . I recieved a copy of Dr. Bersteins 's book about five weeks ago after reading about it on BloodSugar101.com . It has changed our life . Besides all the basic information it contained that I had never heard of before , it contained something we had lost . Hope . We now have hope that we can not only control his diabetes , but REVERSE the damage it caused . We are excited for the first time in 20 years that we can control this deadly disease . He has already been taken off two of his med 's , Avandia and Onglyza . The two most expensive ! We have no medical insurance so this is huge for us . Many times he went without meds because we simply could not afford them . He tests his BS several times a day now ... without fear . He seems proud when it keeps going down even with less medication . He eats well , although we do need to get some new recipes . I am following the diet also and the best part is no hunger . I have lost about 12 pounds he has lost about 15 . I see us eating this way forever . If you 're facing blindness , or amputation ... that 's some mighty fine motivation ! I pray that God blesses Dr. Bernstein for his obsession with controlling Diabetes . I thank God for him daily ! If you are thinking about buying this book , do n't delay , get it today . Best money I ever spent !
 I 've read his books before , but had neglected to follow his advice . My blood sugars kept rising until I decided it was time to reread , and found his new updated version . I am now back on the right course , my blood sugars have decreased markedly , and will be armed with proper information for my Endocronologist to really help me . My only regret is not living close enough to use Dr. Bernstein personnally . Your life and quality of life depend on reading this book !
 This book is well worth buying if you , or someone you love , has this disease . It has some amazing statistics . And if you really follow this diet , it does work ! In fact , more than one person I know who went on this diet no longer needs to take any of the meds they needed before they went on this diet . The recipes are easy to make and excellent . It is not a tough diet to stick to at all . I highly recommend this book and the diet .
 Dr. Bernstein 's book explains how to monitor your own blood sugars and how to individualize his methods to your needs . It is not a cure all book as some reviews would have people believe , but it is a managable solution to some of the problems of diabetes and other health problems . NO WHERE does he say that it will `` CURE '' anyone . I can tell my story and perhaps it will help others.On August 14 , 2009 my blood sugar was at 7.2 on the A1C and consistently reading over 215 . My Tri 's were 463 and my HDL was 45 . My doctor wanted to put me on 3 different meds . I picked up the 1997 edition book while waiting at another doctor 's office . They graciously allowed me to borrow it . Within a week , I bought my own book and started `` to study the book '' . That 's right - study - not just read it.Dr . Bernstein puts his clinic 's phone number in the book several times . If you have a question , just call them and they will answer it for you . I wanted to know the most accurate blood meter on the market and they told me . My sister actually had Dr. Bernstein answer when she called.I followed his advice , and my sister seeing the way I was feeling better , then bought her own book . Her blood levels have been out of whack for over 5 years . That was in the fourth week of August . By the first week of January of 2010 , EVERYTHING was back in the normal range for her and she has lost a substantial amount of weight.I went on January 22,2010 and had my bloodwork done . I went back to my doctor a week later to find her extremely excited . My tri . was down to 95 - that 's right 95 !!! My A1C was down to 5.8 and my HDL was at 65.1 and my overall cholesterial was down over 100 points , plus as a side effect , I have lost 35.2 pounds . I call it a side effect because although I wanted to lose weight , it was not my main concern.She brought in an intern to learn what I was doing to accomplish my success . When she started saying the meds were the cause , I interuppted her to explain that with the exception of the metformin , I was not taking any other prescriptions . I told her it was do to Dr. Bernstein 's book . She now is telling other patients to read the book.The doctor told me I should not `` limit '' myself by saying I could `` never '' eat a certain food again . I asked her if she would ever tell me to eat tree nuts since I am highly allergic to them . She said of course not , and I then asked her why she would tell me to eat foods that would cause my diabetes to rise causing more damage to my system . No answer.Anyway ... This book and Dr.Bernstein has not only changed my life , it has saved my life .
 This is an updated edition of the original book of the same title.I read Dr Bernstein 's original about 3 months after my T2 diagnosis & consider that it literally saved my life!Dr Bernstein 's approach is to maintain blood glucose levels in the range of the normal non-diabetic -LRB- 70-99mg / dl & HbA1c 4.5 % to 6 % -RRB- , which most of the medical community does n't even think possible , but it is.Glycosylated Hemoglobin A1c -LRB- HbA1c -RRB- is the best -LRB- only really -RRB- indicator we have for the risk of diabetic complications as shown by two extensive long-term studies -LRB- DCCT & UKPDS -RRB- & Dr Bernstein 's approach & method is to keep blood glucose & HbA1c well down into the normal non-diabetic range to minimize complication risk.Most of the medical community are satisfied with mediocre blood glucose & HbA1c goals that are still in the range that have elevated complication risk . Not Dr Bernstein!I consider this book an excellent education on diabetes , complications , & a `` how to '' for achieving those `` normal non-diabetic blood glucose levels '' . This is a `` must read '' for all diabetics who do n't want to wind up with blindness , kidney failure or limb amputations to mention just a few of the complications that are filling our hospitals .
 This book has absolutely reversed my Type 2 Diabetes by following Dr Bernstein 's recommendations and regime . It has made me realise that I have become `` allergic '' to carbohydrates and by knowing which ones are harmful to me I now take no medication nor need to , have no diabetic symptoms and have blood sugars better than the average non-diabetic !! Thanks to the life work and testing by Dr Bernstein . Life changing
 I 'm a type 2 diabetic , going on seven years . The first 11/2 years was successful with diet & exercise but after that blood sugars started to climb up slowly with little success in bringing them down . I have only read half of the book and by following the diet plan have brought my blood sugars within normal ranges within 24 hrs , something my diabetic team has n't been able to do for four years ! They just keep increasing the meds and finially put me on insulin without much change . By throwing out the diet plan they gave me and following this book , I have seen overnight results . I 've been right on target for a week now ! I look forward to continue the book 's advice and hopefully get off most of the medication I 'm on . Wish I 'd had this book to start , could have saved me years of problems and maybe stopped many of the complications I have now.If you have diabetes , no matter how new or how long , add this book to your library ... . it offers more information and better results than dozens of other books I 've read from the `` experts '' . Do n't waste another minute , order it now and tell all of your Diabetic friends about it !
 There is a saying that the diabetes community knows only too well - your milage may vary -LRB- YMMV -RRB- . This is certainly true when following any plan or program to manage your diagnosis . You must understand and experiment how your body will react based on your existing beta cells , pancreatic and liver function , other conflicting and supporting hormones etc. . This book is completely open about these issues and about how to acheive basic control of your diabetes . Type 1 , Type 2 , Type 3 -LRB- hybrid types too -RRB- all types for that matter can use all of Dr. B 's work . True it is a challenge to change your eating , exercise and social behaviors but it can be done . My heart goes out to vegetarians who have a harder time with more narrow options , but it can be done . This is not a program for rich people or poor people but sick people who will greatly benefit . If you ca n't afford the book go to Dr. B 's website and there are large sections of the book available and the forum that his site links to and support is full of compassionate and helpful advice as well . Live longer !
 Interesting and informative book ! This book is helpful for all diabetics -- even those who are very knowledgeable about diabetes . There 's always something more to learn about this disease . The diet is very restrictive and challenging to follow . But , a person 's health does win out ultimately .
 Dr. Bernstein is a type 1 diabetic and had just about every sympton possible . He figured out the `` diabetes code '' and clearly explains how to control your diabetes . His cure is exactly opposite to that of the medical establishment . He was educated as an engineer , then became a medical doctor late in life . His book is designed to educate and not to impress how smart he is . Buy it.David Smith
 This book takes all the ` pleasure ' out of being a diabetic . It gives a good primer on the basics of diabetes . Then it departs from much of the convention of diabetes treatment in terms of diet . Basically , Dr. Bernstein advocates a diet devoid of almost all carbohydrates -LRB- he `` has n't had a piece of fruit in 40 years '' -RRB- . His advice is based on techniques he has refined over 40 + years and they have obviously worked very well for him , a Type 1 diabetic who went much of his early life improperly treated . That he is still alive today is a testament to his regimen 's efficacy . However , it is a truly Draconian approach that essentially strips most food-based pleasure from your life . Also , he advocates regular , strenuous exercise to build muscles -LRB- building muscles reduces insulin resistance -RRB- . He is less interested in aerobic exercise , although he acknowledges its cardiovascular benefits if practiced strenuously -LRB- not a jog , but a demanding pace that begins -LRB- on a treadmill -RRB- at a slope that exhausts you in 20 seconds , then lowering the slope and continuing , etc -RRB- . As in the anerobic exercise , he warns against rest periods . The idea is only through pain do you build muscles including those of the heart . I found the book very informative , but his techniques very scary . As an almost 70-year old man , I 'm not sure I 'm equal to his demanding regimen . I bet it works ; but I do n't know how much pleasure you 'll get from living all those extra years if you 're constantly craving starches and rest .
 May 22 , 2010 was one of the worst days of my life.I knew something was wrong . I was n't feeling well . At a company cookout a couple of weeks earlier I felt like I was going to pass out . I had n't eaten that much , but I was guzzling soda all day . So on May 22 I took some very simple medical tests . My blood pressure was slightly high , but I was shocked to learn that my fasting blood glucose was 194 . I was walking around in a daze . I had a close relative who suffered from diabetes in the latter stages of their life , and all I could think about was the constant finger sticking and insulin injections , the constant worry over going `` too high '' or `` too low '' . Just to be sure , I did the same tests the very next day . This time my fasting b/gl was 214 ! I thought my life was over.I knew I had to do something , but I did n't want to start taking all sorts of medications . Luckily , a friend had once sent on an article about how diabetes can be treated through diet and exercise . Further research led me to Dr. Bernstein 's book . It could probably be co-titled `` Everything You Wanted to Know About Diabetes But Were Afraid to Ask '' . Even now , after many reads , I still find Dr. Bernstein 's life story inspirational . I found the stories from his patients touching . The basic message of the book can be summed up in three words - go low carb ! But it 's so much more than that . Meal plans , med recommendations , exercise regimens - like I said , everything you need to know.On Memorial Day weekend that year I made up my mind to start my low-carb regimen . I gave up all sugary sodas and fruit juices , bread , wheat products , chips , and potatoes . It was n't easy at first . Who knew how addicting sugar could be ! Within two weeks my blood glucose was within normal range most of the time . I lost a lot of weight - I was n't obese , but heavier than I wanted to be - and started to feel better . I had more energy , and slept better . A lot of little aches and pains disappeared.Two years have gone by and I 'm still following Dr. Bernstein 's recommendations . I 'm not perfect . I sneak a cookie once in a while , or a pretzel . But I do n't eat a whole bagful like I used to . And whenever I come across someone suffering from diabetes , I tell them about the Bernstein protocol . In retrospect , May 22 , 2010 may have been the luckiest day of my life.I heartily recommend this book .
 The book came FAST and NEW ! This book explains exactly what I need to know about Diabetes . It 's a rigid diet but it LOWERS my blood sugars and I eat healthy too ! Dr. B 's diet is different than others ... Every diabetic would gain a world of knowledge from this book !
 The best book I have ever read on the subject . The fact that Dr. Bernstein has lived , studied , and found solutions for this disease makes this book a requirment . Anyone who wants to take command over this disease should get this book .
 This book has solved the problems we had while trying to manage my son 's diabetes.You can find all answers in diabetes management .
 Wow this is an interesting book to read if you or someone in your family has diabetes.One of the underlying premises of Bernstein 's plan is this
 Dr Bernstein 's book gives the diabetic everything needed to live with diabetes and to avoid complications . As far as I 'm concerned , he saved my life . I have literally given away dozens of this book to diabetic friends . That is how much I believe in its worth and benefit . I highly recommend it if you are diabetic , live with a diabetic or have diabetes in your family tree . I have read many books on diabetes and this one is the best . Take it from a guy that has lived with diabetes over thirty years .
 It was my neighbor Carl , who got this book , then told me to get it . It has changed my life . I was n't so sure about Dr. Bernstein at first but after my neighbor told me how much Dr. B had helped , I thought I would give it a try . I have been a diagnosed a type 2 in 1995 and have been on a climbing amount of insulin ... I was in my diabetic dr 's office two months ago and she said there was nothing more she could do for me but to give me more insulin . I kept telling her I was feeling worse and worse but she would n't listen ... solution she said was to close my mouth ... I am serious ... I was furious . She had been my dr for 5 years ... that day I decided she was fired . I went to see Carl and asked who his diabetic dr was ... Dr Bernstein.To get to the point ... my blood sugars ranges were from 286 to 400 . Since follow Dr. B 's advise in the book , I am now between 90-145 ... this is my second week ... it is slowly improving ... but at least I am on the way . Former dr , had me on 30 plus scale , which usually ended up being 40 units of Lantus ... and I got blood sugar readings very high . I was also trying to follow the ADA plan . . eating a little rice , potato , etc. I found out that my ` dr ' was giving me too much insulin ... I had to read the part in Dr B 's book how much I should be taking ... now I take 3-6 units per meal ... big difference from 30 + + + + + + + units . Thanks Dr. B. ! My blood sugar levels are way way way down.Dr . B explains so well just about every question my now ` fired ' diabetic dr could n't answer . She is considered top in her field ... that is a scarey thought.Thank you Dr. B for sticking to it and for caring enough to write down your experience ... I thought I was going crazy , but you proved to me I was right on target with my thoughts . I have lost 12 lbs so far but at least I am losing and I am full.I am transfering all my care over to my primary dr this week and bringing in Dr B 's book . I never want to go back to where I was
 I found this book to be valuable ifor the resources , which is in and of itself extremely important , and his common sense approach , which is necessary to keep from the worn out phrase `` leading authority '' , goodness knows we have too many of those these days , and it ends up a work of art and refeshing in it 's honest approach . Do this and this is the rusult you will arrive at . TRUE . As for me he is a hero , however I simply can not live on 25 carbs a day . MADELINE B OGLE PhD
 No one knows better how to treat diabetes with diet than Bernstein . No diabetic or family member can afford to not use someone like Bernstein 's work . In my own practice I have gotten consistantly good blood sugar control with my patients using a version of this diet . As a naturopathic physician I emphasize more non-starchy vegies but otherwise I use it pretty much as is with great results.Rachelle Bradley , ND
 This book has really been an eyeopener for me.I 'm getting a better understanding of diabetes reading this book , and I have had diabetes for over 10 years.A must read for every diabetic , definately!I have never heard anything about getting my diabetes in check that made sense.Suggestions I get talk about a hba1c of about 8.4 thats actually considered good.Convert that hba1c to the average blood sugar level gives me an average of 10.8 ! For me it 's a life saver .
 The most comprehensive book re diabetes . Discarded most other books on hand . Very detailed , not scaled down for easy , quick reading , but when your life is under your control with this horrid problem you want good solid , factual information from which to make decisions . His exploration of `` carbs '' , whole grain foods , etc. makes one stop and reconsider the balance of foods in a diet .
 This book is excellent . Dr. Bernstein discusses diabetic complications and treatments in great detail . It also gives hope to diabetics . Diabetes can be tightly controlled and many complications can be reversed with very tight control . He tells how he helps his patients attain tight control and how he is able to keep his A1c at 4.5 . The low carb approach may not be easy to follow but diabetic complications are not easy to live with . I wish everyone who has diabetes in their family knew about this book .
 This book is exellent if you make up your mind you want to start eating better and get your blood glucose count reduced . It 's difficult at first but you can get used to it . You will notice a big difference in 3 weeks , the weight goes off and the appetite decreases if you stay on it . Wonderful recipes too.I do not like the Bran Crisps recommended -LRB- even Dr. Bernstein says they taste like cardboard -RRB- but there are other alternatives for crackers with low carb and low sugar such as Finn Crisp that taste much better . An amazing diet with amazing results .
 I bought this book for a friend and it quickly attracted the notice of another friend . The three of us have a common denominator as far as health is concerned . We all see the same chiropractor / clinical nutritionist / holistic health professional , who was the one who recommended this book to one of them ; and now the other -LRB- a diabetic -RRB- is also profiting from it.Personally , I have never had the confidence in the medical profession to treat this . My mother had diabetes . I helped her with it in many ways , but found that she was always suffering from complications do to her medication . I now am also gaining confidence in this book because Dr. Bernstein is someone who is prescribing for the reader 's health what he learned , as a diabetic , from his own experience has been good for his own health . I personally choose to put myself in the hands of practitioners who really understand the human body and the road to wellness . Dr. Bernstein seems to be one of them.I am very thankful that he put in chapters on weight loss , and for curbing the craving of carbohydrates and overeating . Maybe someone can finally teach me and I 'll be a non-diabetic who also profits from this book .
 Dr. Richard Bernstein probably knows more about managing diabetes than anyone who has ever lived . He has had Type 1 diabetes since age 12 . He is now in his late 60 's , still works full-time plus , exercises hours every day , and has more energy than most people of any age , with or without diabetes.At age 35 , his body was falling apart due to the ravages of blood sugar . He had signs of kidney disease and eye disease and nerve pain in his legs.Then he discovered how to normalize his blood sugars through the program in this book . Most of his complications eventually disappeared , and he has had no new complications since . His theory -LRB- shared by most diabetes experts -RRB- is that the complications are due to high blood sugars . But his solution -LRB- keeping your blood sugars in the normal range 24 hours a day -RRB- is rejected by most doctors , who believe it is too difficult for most people.The three keys to his program are
 Amazon delivered my copy of `` Dr. Bernstein 's Diabetes Solution -LRB- Revised & Updated -RRB- The Complete Guide to Achieving Normal Blood Sugars '' and I 've had acouple of days to digest the contents . This is n't a review , per se , but afew points on some interesting parts of the book.First off , the foundation of the book is that having `` normal blood sugars `` will eliminate 100 % of the complications of diabetes . Extrapolating fromthe results of the NDDT , Bernstein asserts that diabetics must keep theirblood glucose levels between 80-100mg / dl ALL OF THE TIME.Specifically , knowing that non-diabetics will very rarely have blood glucoseexcursions are outside 80 to 100mg/dl , Bernstein 's targets are 85mg/dl fornon-insulin dependent diabetics and 90 mg/dl for insulin dependentdiabetics . To achieve this target , Bernstein recommends a low-carbohydratediet combined with insulin-sensitizing and mimetics agents and/or insulin.The book starts off with the requisite `` Bernstein has worked for me `` profiles and has an interesting account of Bernstein 's life , including hisearly attempts at blood glucose monitoring -LRB- he is believed by many to haveinvented the concept of using blood glucose testing for diabetic bloodglucose control -RRB- and his decision to attend medical school so that he mightbe able to get his findings published.Bernstein believes that sensitizers & mimetics such as metformin , Avandia & Actos are the best choices for lowing blood glucose because they increasethe body 's ability to use insulin without making the pancreas produce extrainsulin . Additionally , aside from the fact that sulfonylureas stimulateinsulin production , Bernstein avoids them because they can causehypoglycemia.Insulin use gets over seventy pages and has what appears to be someexcellent information in calculating dosages for an intensive insulinregimen that keeps the blood glucose very close to 90mg/dl even after meals.Bernstein advocates using regular insulin instead of a rapid-acting insulinsuch as lispro or aspart before each meal . He reserves rapid-acting insulinfor special situations such as dining-out . He is not an insulin pump fan and does not believe that pumping gives bettercontrol over a properly executed intensive insulin regime.Regarding the appropriate blood sugar and HbA1c levels , Bernstein assertsthat values exceeding 75mg/dl on average increases risk of cardiac and allother causes of death , however , he does not reference the research thatsupports this claim.The book winds up with 40 pages of low-carbohydrate recipes . I have triedsome of the recipes and they were good . It 's interesting to me exactly howvery low carb they are . It would be difficult to put together a completemenu with more than 10g carbs per serving . Quite a contrast to this month 's `` Diabetes Forecast '' meatloaf dinner with whipped potatoes clocking in atover 70g carbs per serving!An appendix does a good job defending a diet higher in protein & fat anddoes cite relevant research.On top of all of this information , Bernstein includes some good informationon how to deal with hypoglycemia , how to receive the proper care inhospitals and what tools diabetics should have in their kit.SUMMARYI found the book to be very interesting and informative . I 'm not sure thatI agree with keeping my blood glucose at a flat 80mg/dl , but much of theinformation in the book is invaluable . This , along with Gretchen Becker 's `` The First Year
 One of the things you learn with Dr. Bernstein 's book is that excessive eating -LRB- even when you do n't overeat carbs , but other food types -RRB- leads to high sugars , due to the so-called `` Chinese Restaurant Effect '' . Well , if you were to devour this hefty book -LRB- like you will , once you get your hands on it -RRB- you will not see your blood sugar rise . If you are a diabetic -LRB- type I or II -RRB- , you will find in Dr. Bernstein 's book a wealth of information that will answer the questions you 've ALWAYS had , and even those that you did n't know you had , about diabetes and how to keep your blood sugars in control.His approach is very unconventional -LRB- coming from a diabetic childhood , being an engineer first and a doctor later in life -RRB- . But you will be fascinated with the amount of `` Eureka ! '' moments throughout the book . I was unable to put it down from the moment I picked it up , and I am grateful to him for having taken the time to share so much wisdom from his years as a practitioner and from his many , many years as a diabetic and experimenter . His lessons are not easy to follow , but they are the way for those who want to live a long and healthy life with diabetes.I leave you with a thought . If you knew what you need to do to prolong your life and live it in a healthy manner , in spite of what you 've been told about typical lifespans in diabetics and all the ailments we seem to be bound to suffer later in life , would n't you do it ? I would . And I hope you do too . So I recommend you take the time to read what Dr. Berstein has to say to you .
 I am a type II diabetic , and things were going down hill . My feet were starting to hurt , and my eyes were giving me problems . I had gained almost 50 pounds , and nothing seemed to be able to stop this slow trip to a death I did not want to think about . I was maxed out on meds , and my doctor 's next step was `` just a little insulin '' . There was no way I was going to let that happen , but what could I do with blood sugars bouncing around with highs of 250 or more and my fasting blood sugars that were in the high 180 's ? Thanks be to God for creating Dr. Bernstein . After three weeks of using the 6,12,12 carb diet , my blood sugars are now down in the 80 's . They stay there even after I eat , which is the real blessing , as there is no spiking of blood sugars . Not only has that happened , but I am loosing weight . I no longer have gas and chest pains that are caused from gas . If you are a type I or II , this is really a Diabetes Solution . As I see it , its a painful death , or a rich healthy life . Guess which one I picked?CheersDennis DeLaurierRound Rock Texas
 This book has changed my life . I am a type I diabetic and have been for 15 years . My wife -LRB- many thanks to her -RRB- found this book for me and since I 've read it and started following the diet and exercise -LRB- primarily diet -RRB- regimen my blood sugars are near normal . Routinely , my blood sugars would elevate over 300 mg/dl after eating carbohydrates , which the America Diabetes Association recommends as 60 % of your diet . Subsequent to reading this book , I 've cut my carb intake to , as he prescribes , 6 mg in the morning and 12 mg at lunch and at dinner . By doing this I have been able to completely stabalize my blood sugars day and night . With my blood meter I can see what my average blood sugars have been over the past couple of months . Before I started my average was around 240 mg/dl ... not too good . But , within 4 weeks of following this diet I was able to drop my average to 174 mg/dl . And , this is still falling toward 100 mg/dl where my blood sugars reside most of the time . I do crave carbs sometimes but the benefits definitely outweigh the short term cravings . Where I thought I was destined to die an early and not so happy death from complications with diabetes , I now am lifted by the hope and knowledge that I can live well into my 90 's by following this simple plan . Thank you Dr. Bernstein , I owe you my life .
 I saw Dr. Bernstein speak in 1998 and it completely changed the way I treat people with diabetes . Since that time , I have seen phenomenally better results . Though it is true the book is highly anecdotal , it is always right on in my experience . Dr. Bernstein is an incredibly humble and honorable person as well , a true critical thinker , who questions without belligerence for the truth about diabetes.This book is a must for everyone who treats people with diabetes , and for everyone with diabetes .
 For the 18 years I have been a Type 1diabetic , I have not found a more comprehensive source of information on diabetes , which has often frustrated me . This book gives a very thorough picture of the issues related to diabetes , and not only as it relates to diet . It even encompasses things like foot care and other issues diabetics might face . The book was somewhat scary to me as I finally understood what my average blood sugars read -LRB- A1c tests -RRB- and I found that my own average was 200 . I am finding that my insulin use is not great for control , and that this diet is likely to get me there . I am somewhat uncomfortable with the low carb thing , but having tried it for the past week , I find it to be not so bad , and my blood sugar levels are decreasing . My doctor handed me this book , and insisted I try it . What I especially like is the detailed information on how to adjust insulin based on your own metabolism . This is information no one has bothered to discuss with me all this time .
 Unlike the ADA advice my doctor and the diabetes educators gave me , this book works.I have normal blood sugars , my cholesterol and triglycerides are normal again , and I am no longer spilling protein in my urine.I have lost 70 pounds and kept it off.My A1C results at 4.8 % are very much in the non-diabetic range.Better than all that , I can feel my feet again.I had diabetic neuropathy that made my feet numb and I did not even realize it before.With my blood sugars staying between 80 and 100 , the feeling has been returning to my feet and the numbness is fading.Dr . B , my little girl will thank you when she is old enough to understand that you saved her daddy 's life!Get this book .
 Diabetes is a disease that used to only afflict young children when Type 1 was so dominant . But now it 's the 21st Century and Type 2 diabetes has n't just risen , but exploded into a full-fledged epidemic as one of the biggest health threats of our day . What 's really scary is the fact that the problem is expected to get that much worse over the next few decades . Yikes!In 1997 , Dr. Richard K. Bernstein first introduced what would become the pinnacle diabetes bible to the world when he published the first edition of The Diabetes Solution
 I 'm a 41 year old male and have recently been diagnosed with pre-diabetes -LRB- whatever it is called -RRB- , with diabetes running in the family , so to get up to speed on the subject I ordered a pile of books -LRB- 12 of them -RRB- off Amazon including this one . I 've been through them all and this one I found the best in its explanations of the various aspects of the condition , the various treatments , and many other relevant details.Dr Bernstein was an engineer with type 1 diabetes and became a doctor to be able to help others with his experiences and findings ; he conveys intimate and detailed knowledge about the condition and all its aspects , and generally impresses with the information he provides.The diet is not exactly appetising plus its very time consuming to have to calculate food details all the time I guess -LRB- not having tried it and not hoping to have to try it for awhile -RRB- , however I will always keep this book in my bookcase `` just in case '' - if I do get diabetes and complications occur , I will grab this book and give it a shot . Because it is more believable than most of the other stuff out there , for the reason that it comes from someone who found out all of this himself , then became living proof of his own theory.I would buy this book initially for the descriptions of how diabetes works , how the treatments work and what the various dangers are , exercises provided , etc. - it is well worth its cost for this information alone . Secondly , the diet may come in handy in case of complications etc. and if other treatments do n't work.And Dr Bernstein does indeed answer the phone himself as another writer also mentioned - I called just before opening hours and sure enough got to talk to the man himself .
 I was always scared to cut carbs out of my diet , because it seems like there has been some negative press for doing so . But , as Dr. Bernstein notes in his book , you never hear of `` essential carbohydrate . '' Essential fats ? Yes . Essential proteins ? Yes.Within 1 week of reading the first 1/3 of the book , my blood sugars have not gone above 120 or below 70 . And I feel great . And I 'm losing weight.If you want to get better control of your diabetes , reverse Type II -LRB- adult-onset -RRB- diabetes , or avoid ever getting diabetes , this is the absolute best investment you will ever make . Dr. Bernstein -LRB- the author -RRB- is a Type I diabetic . He puts in the book what he has been doing to save his own life , and he has had diabetes for 60 years now . The doctor you see for your regular checkups ? Unless he is diabetic , he is more worried about his lawn 's health than he is your health.Get the truth from the man who has had the disease for 60 + years , understands the disease , and is on your side .
 -LRB- Newly revised and updated -RRB- Dr. Bernstein is a diabetic himself , diagnosed in 1946 at age 12 . Over the years he has developed his own special way of keeping his blood sugar levels at appropriate levels , which managed to keep him healthy and from suffering many of the standard serious health problems associated with diabetes . He believes in arming patients with information to control their disease themselves . This book covers new oral medications , new insulins , and new dietary supplements . Bernstein 's views differ from the American Diabetes Association , particularly in his recommendation of a low carbohydrate diet , avoidance of certain types of oral medications , and using nutrients to lower insulin resistance.This very complete book includes some patient stories , chapters on the basics , tests , how and when to measure blood sugar , treatments , diet , weight loss , exercise , insulin information , and recipes . There is an excellent glossary and an index , in addition to useful appendices . Well written and easy to understand , it is over 500 pages of useful information.Some important and surprising statistics : -- 25 % of Americans between age 65 and 74 are Type 2 diabetics . -- One in three babies born in the year 2000 will develop diabetes during their lifetimes . -- Every day 1,400 people are diagnosed with diabetes . -- It is third leading cause of death -LRB- and contributes to high blood pressure , heart disease , infections , that also are factors in deaths -RRB- . Armchair Interviews says
 I got Dr. Bernstein 's book for my husband , a Type 2 diabetic . It has helped him enormously . I have used it , along with Atkins ' books , to help both of us lose weight . Dr. Atkins ' books stress that you MUST check your basal body temperature before and during a low-carb diet , to make sure that your thyroid levels are normal , and remain normal . Low thyroid levels will cause weight gain , high cholesterol , and higher blood sugar . Both my husband and I have thyroid problems , which CAN be exacerbated by a low-carb diet . Sometimes you will know you have a problem when you feel cold a lot . The solution can be as simple as exercising , taking thyroid supplements , slightly increasing your carb intake , or a combination of all three.Lower carbs WILL decrease your total cholesterol , and dramatically decrease your triglycerides . As a personal example , several weeks ago , after a stressful summer , I had a total cholesterol reading of 204 . I went on a lower-carb diet for 2 weeks , and then donated blood . My total cholesterol then was 154 , a drop of 50 points in 2 weeks . By the way , if you donate blood every 2 months , you will get a mini-physical each time , including total cholesterol , to help keep you on the straight and narrow road while dieting .
 Dr. Bernstein 's Diabetes Solution -LRB- 2007 -RRB- is a major work on the state of diabetes research and practice . It covers everything from the types of diabetes to the loading of insulin syringes . It describes relevant medications , vitamins and supplements and provides dietary menus . It also includes several appendices , a glossary and two indices.Richard K. Bernstein was a pioneer in the modern treatment of diabetes . A Type I -LRB- juvenile onset -RRB- diabetic , he struggled with the treatment methods of his day and found himself becoming progressively worse while being assured that he was doing well . His physicians were basically expecting him to die at an early age like so many had done before him.Obtaining an early version of the glucometer , Bernstein studied his own changes in blood sugar levels and based his insulin usage on the meter readings . He gradually learned what caused his blood sugar to increase or decrease and managed to regulate these levels . Then he wrote a paper on his methodology , which was submitted to -- and rejected by -- every medical journal that he thought might be interested.Eventually , Bernstein convinced a few people to try his approach . Then he entered medical school and became a physician himself . He started his own diabetic practice and continued to lead the field in diabetic treatment for decades.One of the factors underlying Bernstein 's problems was the advice provided by the American Diabetes Association . Unless things have changed recently , their recommendations are directly contradicted by Bernstein 's findings . Personally , I would trust Bernstein and my physician over the ADA.Bernstein puts the responsibility for controlling diabetes on the patients themselves . Individuals must monitor their blood sugar levels rather that depending on periodic visits to their physicians . However , the medical profession has a very crucial role to play in the treatment of diabetes.Your physician should know more about diabetes than you do . Reading the lifelong dedication of Bernstein to tracking information on related subjects should suggest the time and effort required to become expert in this field . If your physician does not keep up with the latest advances , find a new physician . Just do n't try to do it yourself.I am a Type II diabetic with hypertension and a history of congestive heart failure . Because of my cardiac problems , my treatment for diabetes is somewhat different than for those without such problems . Thus , my experiences with diabetes medications differs from others.As an example of interaction with your physician , consider six medications mentioned in this book . All are still on the market , but later data and changes in my health have influenced their application in my diabetic treatment . These medications are metformin -LRB- Glucophage -RRB- , pioglitazine -LRB- Actos -RRB- , rosiglitozone -LRB- Avandia -RRB- , glyburide -LRB- Diabeta -RRB- , glipizide -LRB- Glucotrol -RRB- , and sitagliptin -LRB- Januvia -RRB- . Metformin is still the primary blood sugar control medication for Type II diabetes . Both my daughter and myself use it in the manner and dosages described by this book . My daughter 's endocrinologist prescribes a higher dose of this medication than does my physician , but both of us are within the limits described herein . However , my dosage has gone up and her 's has gone down , especially during her pregnancies.Both pioglitazone and rosiglitozone have been prescribed for myself , but discontinued because of the side effects , including those for cardiac conditions . Such interactions are mentioned in the book , but are scattered throughout the text.Glyburide is mentioned in the book , but the insulin-like effects that can force hypoglycemia are not stated . My physician discontinued this medication and substituted glipizide instead.Glipizide is also mentioned in the book . It has similar effects , but does not drive blood sugar levels as low as glyburide -LRB- or insulin -RRB- . Sitagliptin is a fairly new medication which is mentioned twice in the book , but not is any great detail . My physician has recently prescribed this drug , but I have not noticed any significant changes.These examples strongly suggest the need for individuals to consult with their physicians . Explain your problems to your doctor and listen to their advice . If your physician wo n't listen to you , find one who does!Like all medical texts , however , this book was probably outdated before it hit the streets . Medical knowledge has grown by leaps and bounds , so the information in this book can not be considered the last word in diabetes treatment . The website supporting this book would be a better source of current information , but it was apparently never intended to be such a resource.This work -- like all medical texts -- is concerned with application , not theory . Classical medicine was based on the disproved humors theory , which often killed the patients rather than cured them . But current DNA theory is beginning to turn biology into a science rather than a speculation . Yet the Human Genome Project only mapped the genes and complete knowledge of the human genome is still forthcoming.Research into human genes has produce detailed information about some genetic processes and disorders , but the genetic basis of diabetes is not yet clear . When better information is discovered and communicated , this book probably will be updated . Nonetheless , future editions will never be current with the latest research . Hopefully , Bernstein or others will establish a website for new information.This book is a Very good overview of both Type I and Type II diabetes , but the devil is in the details . Have a physician supervise and advise you in your treatment plan.Highly recommended for diabetics and for anyone related to diabetics . Do not consider it as the final word , but use it to shape questions for your physician.-Bill Jordin
 I have done a lot of research on diabetes at the library and on the internet after I was diagnosed Type 2 in Aug 2007 . I saw the dietician/nutritionist recommended by my doctor and also real a ton of information on the internet and many books from the local library . My fasting blood sugar when I was diagnosed was 311 . I was able to get it down to 110 - 120 level after dieting , exercising , and eating the things recommended by the dietician . My problem was my levels were erractic up and down even when eating the same diet.I saw Dr. Bernstein 's book was highly recommended by Amazon readers , so I took the chance and bought the book . After reading that a diet of high proteins and very , very low carbs would help stabilize my blood sugars , I decided to try it . To my amazement , I started gettings readings in the mid 80 's and the levels stopped spiking up and down . Carbs were my problem . Dr. Bernstein recommends an ideal reading of 83 and that is now my target.This book should be a must read for all diabetics , both Type 1 and Type 2 people . My motto is `` you can die from diabetes or learn to live with it , '' and I chose to learn to live with it . This book is a great learning tool and coupled with exercise -LRB- including weight training -RRB- , weight loss and proper diet , you can control what happens to your body . It worked for me with results immediately.Highly , highly recommended . If you have a friend or relative with diabetes , BUY this book for them . The author -LRB- Dr Berstein -RRB- is still a practicing physcian specializing in diabetes treatment . He is also a Type 1 diabetic . Dr Berstein 's experiences lead to this book being published . It should be required reading for all diabetics .
 I purchased this book in November in an effort to try and better manage my Type 2 diabetes which was is a state of deterioration . At first , I was n't sure that it would be doable , however within in month I was losing weight without being hungry , by putting Dr Bernstein 's recommendations into practice . My blood glucose readings were also improved . The HBA1C was reduced from 7.9 % in one month and then in May it was 5.3 % . I have also lost 30lb in weight . Now 8 month later , I have BGL reading in the 80-90s . Dr Bernsteins book contains pretty much all the tools and information to help a motivated person take charge of their health . I , like many others , have diligently followed the usual suspects , like the ADAs recommendations , without seeing improvement in my health , just getting fatter and fatter and sicker.This is the only program that I have found that gets results . It requires commitment and an acknowledgement that diabetes is a serious disease that requires serious management . If you follow the program you will get results , enjoy better health and stave off the awful complications.Thank you Dr Bernstein .
 The proof of a book on health issues is in the results it gets you , and it 's very hard to argue with the results I 've gotten from following Dr. Bernstein 's plan . Many others have reviewed this book more capably than I can , but let me just say that after a few months of following Dr. B 's diet , I 've lost 50 lbs. , gotten normal blood sugars , and feel better than I 've felt in years . Highly recommended !
 This is the most informative book I have found on treating Type 1 and Type 2 diabetes with diet , exercise , oral medications , and insulin . It is the only book I know of that tells how to manage blood sugar well , and its methods simply work . I have read the book more than once , and each time I read it , I get something more from it . I would highly recommend this book to anyone with Type 1 or Type 2 diabetes , or pre-diabetes . The diet is also very effective , and I would recommend it to anyone having difficulty losing weight , though `` Diabetes Diet '' -LRB- Bernstein -RRB- might be more appropriate to that , if medications are not needed .
 The most important message of this book is that on your own you can get better control of your diabetes . Years ago , Dr. Bernstein realized that what he ate affected his blood sugar levels , contrary to the belief of the medical establishment at that time . Following his example , you can test your blood sugar with your meter and analyze the effects of various foods and of your medications . I have done that and have found that I do n't have to be as restrictive with my diet as Dr. Bernstein is in his . Also , I have been able to reduce the amount of insulin that I inject.After following a lot of his suggestions , I feel so much better
 simply put , this is the best book i have read on managing diabetes . comprehensive , practical , makes you understand diabetes better . and most importantly it works !
 Reading this intense , demanding book has a huge payoff
 Hard to rate a book . But the Amazon service was excellent . I obviously wish I did not need to order it . I have not read it yet , but an initial browse showed it will probably help a lot if I get serious about it . Price was hard to beat , and its condition was like new . I could not tell it was a used book .
 Was amazed at the excellent condition of the book.It arrived in great time , fastest than was quoted.The price was very excellent.I have found out some things that my Diabetic Dr. did n't tell . This book is a must have for anyone who has just found out that they are Diabetic.Once again , Amazon.com you Rock !
 Dr. Bernstein has written an incredible book that is both engaging and filled with lots of helpful details based on years of documented research , not personal speculation . He knows the problems , explains them in depth , and communicates numerous viable means to get diabetes under control and improve one 's quality and length of life .
 It took me some time to read this book . I read this first part avidly . Then read bits and pieces now and then . Blood glucose meter at hand I knew much of what he talks about but I did come across great insights.A must read for all people who have a problem with diabetes or better still with pre-diabetes . I do agree with most of all that is written in the book . A big part of the book is dedicated to Insulin usage which if you are not on it yet you might skip it . On the whole the book explains in layman terms the science behind glucose metabolism in our body . Pity there is no mention of any MODY diabetes which is increasingly becoming important as new discoveries are being done how actually what is called Type 2 diabetes is not as it is really depicted .
 Excellent book explaining how diabete works and how and why to control it . I am pre diabetic and hope to use this book to stay that way if not cure it .
 Easy to read , very useful guide to diabetes and blood sugar management . Anyone with or involved with diabetes should definitely take a read .
 Great book for new to old diabetics type one or type two.I better understand how my body deals with the food I put in my mouth .
 To make it quick , if you have diabetes or know someone who does , the best thing in the world you can do for them or yourself is get this book . Read this book . Follow this book . It saved my life and others I have recommended it to . This man is phenomenal and should be given some kind of major humanitarian award for his work . Diabetes does not have to be a death sentence , a lot of bad traditional advice is out there ... follow THIS book 's guidelines and keep your own blood sugars low/normal , avoid or greatly reduce your need for insulin , avoid and even reverse all the life-threatening side effects of diabetes with this method . I have been on this method from my Type II diagnosis in 2002 , I am on it for life , I am a happy camper !
 The book gives practical advice for those with diabetes . I 've had type 2 diabetes for 13 years and when another ailment required me to use prednisone , I needed insulin . Dr. Bernstein 's book taught me about the types of insulin and syringes . His book removed my apprehension about needles and possible low blood glucose . Like many pioneers in medicine , Dr. Bernstein 's ideas were opposite to mainstream methods when his book was first introduced . However , his recommendation for a limited carbohydrate diet like that of the late Dr. Atkins , appears to be gaining acceptance . Control of diabetes is very much up to the patient . Dr. Bernstein 's book puts life-saving knowledge in the hands of the patient . I have found it invaluable .
 In March 2007 , my internist recommended treatment of my diabetes with medication . I had glyco hemaglobin A 1 c values of 6.6 and 6.7 over the last 6 months . I asked my physician to hold off on medication and I purchased a copy of Dr Bernstein 's Diabetes Solution . I read the chapters on diet and closely followed Dr Bernstein 's advice to avoid glucose and carbohydrates . I was concerned that my cholesterol would elevate as I was eating bacon and eggs for breakfast four or five days per week . My June 2007 blood test revealed glyco hemagobin A 1 c level of 5.6 . All my cholesterol values improved . Total cholesterol went from 169 to 130 . HDL improved from 50 to 54 . LDL improved fro 106 to 70 . My triglycerides dropped from 65 to 30 . I am thrilled with my improvement which I achieved by following Dr Berstein 's recommendations . I have since read other chapters and awareness of the problems of diabetes strongly motivates me to follow Dr Bernstein 's recommendations . Dr Bernstein has helped me .
 This book is not only an eye-opener for those who are suffering from diabetes at all its levels of severity -LRB- Type-1 , Type-2 -RRB- , but also for the fast-growing `` pre-diabetic '' population -- a group I call `` Type-3 . '' In other words , more than half the US over - 40 's population.Dr . Bernstein offers diabetics a Hobson 's choice
 I would say that this book was a wake up call for me . It did help my type 2 diabetes very much . Having an A1c of 9.3 with lots of medication to getting an A1c of 7.2 three months later with minimum medication seems to work for me . Ofcourse the idea is low carb and moderation and I think is the only solution for the diabetics.I do have one comment for people writing giving bad reviews . I respect everyon 's opinion but if a person is not a doctor and is not diabetic , pretty much they do not know what they are talking about and what a diabetic has to go through to fight this battle . They do not have the knowledge nor the experience . An ideal person to write a review would be a doctor who is suffering from diabetes . But this is just my opinion.thanks
 I am a registered nurse with a diabetic daughter . I thought I knew everything there was to know about diabetes until I read Dr. Bernstein 's Diabetes Solution . It has literally changed my daughters life . This is a must read for anyone who is diabetic , has a diabetic family member , or cares for anyone who has diabetes .
 This is a much updated version of his already excellent first edition.In this edition he shows even less restrain in going against the ADA `` Party Line '' . Maybe because since the first edition there are now several studies clearly showing the benefits of a low carbohydrate diet for everybody , especially diabetics . The good doctor names names , always telling why he is doing so.In this edition he does n't praise the `` glycemic index '' anymore , the only not so good recommendation in his first book.My father was diagnosed diabetic six years ago . I gave him a copy of the previous edition of this book and a glucose meter . His life changed . He not only has excellent health with little medication , he also learned to so some `` controlled extravagancies '' and can eat and drink at parties and events . The he loaned the book to a friend of my brother that reversed his diabetes , sex life included . He even founded a self-help group in his hometown.If you are diabetic , has a loved one who is or if you have `` metabolic syndrome '' , that is , is a diabetic in the making , STOP WHAT YOU ARE DOING , GET AND READ THIS BOOK RIGHT NOW .
 I was diagnosed with prediabetes in the fall of 2007 , after having suffered from severe and debilitating chronic fatique and nerve pain for almost a year . When I started checking my blood sugars , I was shocked to see how high they were and immediately started looking for a diet that could help me bring those numbers down . My doctor had recommended a low carb diet , so I looked here at Amazon and found Dr. Bernstein 's Diabetes Solution . I started his diet in October of 2007 . My blood sugars immediately came down , and my cholesterol and triglycerides have normalized -- total cholesterol has dropped from 241 to 172 , LDL dropped from 161 to 94 , HDL rose from 51 to 61 , triglycerides dropped from 143 to 85 . The nerve pain in my arm is now clearing up , I believe I had diabetic neuropathy and did not even know it before.Dr . Bernstein 's diet is not hard to follow , once you reduce your carb intake your carb cravings will diminish and you really do n't miss the carbs . And your energy levels will skyrocket so you will have the ability to exercise again ! Diabetes management that seemed impossible before will suddenly become possible again!I 'm so happy I found Dr. Bernstein 's Diabetes Solution -- he has literally given me back my life !!
 This is the third book by Dr. Bernstein that I have read and it 's seems impossible but each one of his books has more and more to offer . If you have Type 1 or Type 2 Diabetes , you absolutely must read this book.I read the first edition , about 6 years ago . It saved my husband 's life . My husband is a type 2 diabetic . After seeing his doctor faithfully every 3 to 6 months for 20 years and taking his medications , he became more and more ill . He was at a point of taking 43 units of insulin a night , could hardly walk more than 75 or 100 feet , weighed 270 pounds , his Hemoglobin A1c was 11 , he was always tired out , depressed and hell to live with.After reading Dr. Bernstein 's book , I knew that my husband could be helped . I put him on a program of low carb and exercise and the results were nothing short of a miracle . He has been off -LRB- completely off ! -RRB- of insulin for over 3 years , he walks 2 miles at the local gym every day , has energy to burn and has lost 80 pounds ! His HA1c is 6.5 . Best of all he is back to being himself . He is happy again and so am I . We are going into our 5th year of low carb lifestyle and exercise daily . Something I never would have dreamed of doing before reading Dr. Bernstein 's book.Dr . Bernstein is one of the voices in the wilderness . His book clearly explains what you need to do to overcome this disease and he should know - he has been a Type 1 diabetic since the age of 12 years old.Dr . Bernstein was an engineer in his earlier years . He approached diabetes through the eyes of an engineer , working the problem until he came up with a solution . The medical profession would not listen to him -LRB- and why would they - when they get a diabetic patient , they and the pharmaceutical companies have a patient for life ! -RRB- . When he was 45 years old , he went back to school and became a physician!The American Diabetes Association recommends a diet of 60 % carbohydrates !!!! That is absolutely wrong ! Dr. Bernstein can explain it to you . Read this book . Save your life or the life of someone you love.I would give this book 10 stars if that rating was available to me .
 This book is the perfect companion for Dr. Bernstein 's `` The Diabetic Diet - the Low-Carbohydrate Solution . '' Reading both these books over and over help me stay on track . I can already see what following Dr. B 's recommendations has done for me . I am losing weight , I have more energy , and I have improved blood glucose readings . I do n't want to wait until I have Diabetes 2 to be healthier , because I my liver is already diseased from being insulin resistant . By the way , the cheese cake recipe is delicious . Who needs sugar when food can taste so good without it ?
 I am a member of the Skeptics Society , so I am no friend of `` alternative '' medicine , quackery , conspiracy theories , etc. . But , in the case of diet and diabetes medicine , it 's the establishment -- ADA , AMA , US Dept. of Agriculture , etc. that are the quacks . A charge of `` Conspiracy '' is a bit extreme , but the processed food industry , Big Agra , Big Pharma , and miss-informed medical professionals all have a vested interest in the status quo.With mounting scientific evidence that blood sugar control through low-carb is superior to high-carb/low fat , the ADA , etc. , have changed their criticism to `` Well , it may work , but it 's a diet that no one can adhere to ... `` Bernstein 's detractors seem to be saying , `` But life-saving measures are soooooo inconvenient ! -LRB- Translation
 Dr. Bernstein 's book will result in lowering your blood glucose level . However , it is extremely difficult to follow -- he recommends only 6 grams of carbs for breakfast , and 12 grams for lunch and dinner , no fruits of any kind , only a few slices of lettuce & avocado . Absolutely no grains or cereals or pasta or bread of any kind . So basically , if you follow his strict diet , you 'll be eating lean protein with 1/2 cup of broccoli or lettuce , and 2 nuts . Is that possible ? Maybe , if you 're a zealot with no human cravings for rice or bread or pasta EVER.I found a lot of useful information in this book though , such as his exercising program -- he states aerobic exercises are of no value to diabetics , which I found very revolutionary . Instead , he recommends resistance anaerobic training , inverse-pyramid method . I have tried this exercise out , and sure enough , it is a lot more difficult than walking or running for 30 minutes . But it does appear to build more muscle.I felt depressed rather than hopeful after reading this book . To not be able to ever eat an apple or a piece of fruit is depressing . I can deal with not having a pie , cake , chocolate or cookies . But to snack on a sugar-free Jello with 1 tablespoon of whip cream for the rest of my life surely sucks and makes me wish for a cure instead of having to follow this impossible low-carb diet.Read this book for what it 's worth -- it has very good information & a personally inspiring story but I am not sure if you 'll feel very hopeful after reading it in terms of managing your diabetes for the rest of your life .
 For anyone struggling to maintain normal blood sugars , this book is a must !! I 'm very grateful to have stumbled on it , and for the 1st time in a while , am able to keep my blood sugars under control . This book has better dietary information than any doctor I have ever spoken to . Works well for type 1 and type 2 diabetics . Do n't miss this one !!!
 Dr. Bernstein is probably one of the most knowledgable person on the subject of diabetes management.He might not know everything about diabetes , but he knows much more than most doctors , even the ones who treat this diasease.If you want to know how to manage diabetes , keep yourself healthy , and live longer , this is the first book you should read !
 Read it and do it now ! Bernstein 's diet will change your life . I was always tired and always in the kitchen looking for more food . Now that I know what to eat and what to avoid , my energy level is super high . I used to plop on the sofa and need a break every day , but now I am looking for things to do . I expect my next A1C to be well below 6 % , even after quitting metformin 1000mg x2 daily.Most importantly , I showed this diet to my primary care doctor using my kindle notes from this book -LRB- his Diabetes Diet version -RRB- and he agreed with it completely . This includes agreeing that high protein diets do not cause kidney problems . I quit the metformin a few days after leaving his office because of the improvement in my BS . I started this diet after the doctor visit and my BS readings went down to the 80 's and even a few 70 's . Avoiding carbs is not difficult once you experience the full feeling and high energy levels that this diet will provide.Take the time to learn something new and change those life long carb habits.Talk to your doctor before starting a new diet . Show your doc the Appendix of this book that explains why low carb/high protein is okay .
 Dr Bernstein communicates in an unfussy , understandable manner . His achievements are impressive , but he has not lost the common touch . His was not the first book on diabetes I bought , but it -LRB- together with his diet book -RRB- , are the only two I still retain . When I bought my first computer I bought armfuls of manuals on how to become proficient in using it . This is the sort of person I am . I imagined , when I was diagnosed , that I would be building up a big diabetes library , that I would need this to become in control of my disease . It is a testament to the completeness of Dr Bernstein 's books that I rely wholly on them . Quite simply he has gone through it all , and done it all for you , in a much more thorough way than more than a handful of very determined and motivated people ever could have . Bookshop shelves are heaving with diabetes diet books written by chefs , with the advice of some nutritionist , the advice summarily added , I often feel , in the most summary and cynical manner , to get the magic `` D '' word added to the title , which will make the title sell . There is a lot of commercial interst around diabetes , on the periphery , trying to push in , with little concern for the outcome , if commerce is achieved . Dr Bernsteins book eminates from the heart of the diabetes experience ; his motivation survival , not money . This book stands so clearly apart from the others that anyone who has or cares for someone with diabetes should buy it . Like me , you may find that it becomes your benchmark in assesing all other diabetes media that you encounter , and you might realise that before you read it you had no real critical faculty for assesing diabetes advice , and were vulnerable to anyone looking to make a quick buck .
 As with his first book , this book has more great information for me as a Type 2 Diabetic . Although my wife is not diabetic , we love ALL the recipe 's in both books . They have kept my blood sugar in total control and are delicious ! Thanks Dr. Bernstein !
 This is an extremely useful , detailed book that presents a low-carbohydrate diet that will keep your blood sugars down to normal levels.Dr . Bernstein has himself suffered from diabetes from the age of 12 , and he describes how his health deteriorated due to lack of proper treatment , until he suffered from several dangerous complications resulting from the disorder . He had to find out how to normalize his blood sugars himself , and this he did . This normalization resulted in his getting rid of most of the complications . Then he had to go to medical school at the late age of 45 in order to be able to treat and help other diabetes patients . Because of all this I have great respect for him . He has devoted his life to helping diabetes sufferers all over the world.Bernstein advises that we must follow a diet based on eating 6g of carbohydrate for breakfast , 12 g for lunch and 12g for supper.He lists which foods are acceptable and which are `` No , no '' . There is also a chapter presenting recipe suggestions near the end of the book.I personally have been much helped by this book , since despite my suffering clear signs of the illness , both high and low blood sugars , my doctor told me my tests were completely normal , and I had no problems of this sort whatsoever . An `` alternative '' -LRB- in this country -RRB- scanning method -LRB- actually a wholly scientiic method used in Russia and other Eastern European countries in hospitals and by doctors for over 20 years -RRB- confirmed my own diagnosis - auto-immune , insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus . I suffer also from pains in my toes . Because of the lack of official diagnosis I am unable to get free testing equipment or strips.However Dr Bernstein has confirmed my own and the scanning apparatus ' diagnosis . My HcbA-IC value was 5.5 % , which is equivalent to a blood sugar reading of 120 mg/dl . The HgbA-IC value is 4.2 % in non-diabetics , this being equivalent to 83 mg/dl . On researching the matter Bernstein found that persons having a blood sugar level of 90 mg/dl or over had a higher mortality than those having a level under 90 mg/dl . I was also helped by the author 's explanation as to why I felt shaky and weak in the morning as if I had low blood sugar , when actually it was 120 mg/dl . This is apparently a common phenomenon . It feels like low blood sugar only in comparison with the high blood sugars one experiences after eating.The author goes into extreme detail about the various types of insulin available , how and when to painlessly inject and so on . This information will be extremely useful to those who use insulin . There are also helpful chapters about hypoglycemia , gastroparesis -LRB- delayed stomach-emptying -RRB- and exercise , among other things.Since I ca n't get insulin , and would n't want to use it anyway , I appreciate the author 's tip that R-alpha lipoic acid when used together with evening primrose oil mimics the effect of insulin and can help to reduce blood sugars -LRB- though ALA reduces the body 's levels of biotin , which should thus be taken at the same time -RRB- . Bernstein 's main quality is the immense detail of his explanations.This said , I would like to note a few negative points . He advocates the use of micro-wave ovens , which are known to destroy the life-energy in food subjected to them . And he also recommends the use of aspartame , Splenda and other artifical sweeteners documented as being harmful . It is as though he knows everything about how to counteract the harmful effects of diabetes , but is not so aware of other threats to our health.Moreover , since he himself suffers from beta-cell burnout , he does n't really go into the possibilities of healing the pancreas by natural methods and thus increasing the production of insulin . The author 's beta cells may or may not be beyond repair , but this will not be the case with many others reading the book.For information about such natural methods i would advise the reading of Cass Ingram 's book `` Natural cures for diabetes '' in conjunction with this book . But I absolutely recommend that you read this book too , especially if you use insulin .
 Of the 3 books on this subject by Dr. Bernstein that I have read including his suggested recipes , this is the most detailled and informative . I started practicing what Dr. Bernstein preaches and while it is indeed , difficult at first-especially when you look to revamp your food choices that were learned over your lifetime . After a week , the cravings tend to disappear and I am seeing my sugars come down and I lost 3 lbs . This is just one battle , but if these results keep up , I see this investment into Dr. Bernstein 's program is a small price to pay for nutritional and healthy control .
 I bought this book for my mom after she ended up in the hospital after being prescribed a diabetes drug that is now off the market . She was struggling with out of control blood sugars and obesity . Most of the advice for diabetes at that time included diets fairly high in carbs and that just did n't make sense to me . Dr. Bernstein was ahead of the times on that one . In this book , Dr. Bernstein who has Type 1 diabetes , clearly explains about different types of medication including insulin , types of blood tests to ask for , exercise , and ways to cope with illness when you have diabetes . He outlines a very strict low carbohydrate diet . When my mother followed this diet strictly her blood sugars remained low and she lost 40 pounds . We made several of the recipes and they were all delicious . If you are tired of fighting with your blood sugars , weight , and taking too much medication , I highly recommend this book .
 This book is the absolute bible for diabetics and folks who want to improve their diets by greatly reducing their carbohydrates . I have been a follower for almost 3 years -LRB- am a Type 2 -RRB- and this man and his book have improved my life greatly . It 's not easy to follow at first but it is considerably easier than killing yourself with high blood sugars . I am a convinced this is the way we all should be eating - not just diabetics and I 'm a pretty skeptical person . I have read this book at least 4 times from cover to cover and refer to it weekly . Buy it and follow it religiously . It will change your life-for the better !
 15 years of trying to get my husbands blood sugar down , one week of reading and 4 weeks of implementing we NOW have his sugar under control.Even if you are not diabetic , READ THIS BOOK !
 This book was amazing . I found it when I was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes years ago . Dr. Bernstein has a somewhat radical idea that instead of letting blood sugar peak and then pull it back down with meds or insulin is dangerous long term . His idea of controlling and achieving normal blood sugar levels by controlling diet is very good . I have been able to control mine for a number of years , my A1C is 5.3 , and excellent value . My doctor got this book after I explained the ideas contained and he agrees with the plan Dr. Bernstein promotes here .
 I regard Dr. Bernstein as the top authority for Diabetes . This book will give a diabetic all the information required to completely understand his/her condition . I do not have the discipline to follow his recommended diet ... however , with the understanding of Carbs , I can with diligence control blood sugars . I give more credence to the Glycemic Index than Dr. Bernstein ... seems to work for me . I do not hesitate to recommend this book to all diabetics and partners of diabetics !
 I had the chance to read a small sampling of the book which I found educational and informational.Sadly , I loaned it out soon after I recieved it and has not been returned after several requests .
 I am a pre-diabetic and this book offered a great deal of encouragement and an action plan to keep my chance of diabetes to a minimum . I would recommend it to anyone worried about developing diabetes .
 I 'm a Type 2 Diabetic that has had great success following the dietary recommendations Dr. Bernstein puts forth . His pragmatic diet has been a great help in moving my A1c down to the normal range . I 've lost a needed 50 pounds . Overall , this book is loaded with good information for diabetics .
 this book arrived on time and I needed it for my diabetes is not under comtrol and this book can help me . I am glad that I used this merchant and would reaccommend it to anyone condidering a purchase here .
 Loved it . Easy to read . Totally different from what I had read so far regarding diabetes . Helps reconsidering goals and treatment.Perfect for new diagnosed patients , expert patients and physicians as well .
 I am slowly building up my library , and I have gotten something from each book . I would have to agree that this book is geared more towards Type 1 's , but is is still useful for us Type 2 's . I found most parts useful , some not so useful . The author talks a lot about ways to use insulin , but I have been off insulin for over a year , so those parts I skipped over . He also lost me on the diet -- banning milk , fruit , and whole grains wipes out almost all of my breakfasts and lunches -- and I do n't have the time to cook the breakfasts he recommends before I leave for work . Nonetheless , I fould this books to be educational and useful .
 This book is fact based and uses studies and reasoning to backup what it claims . I was `` Mistakenly '' diagnosed with type 2 diabetes and a friend recommended this book . While reading the first couple of chapters I found out that I no longer have diabetes . Regardless of my happy lab results I continued reading this book and find it very informative and helpful . The book does n't go over elaborating too much , it just simply goes to the point explains it , and back it up with facts and studies from respected science journals and moves on to the next subject . I would recommend reading it even if you are perfectly healthy , because it can help you stay healthy .
 Extremely informative and very focused . It will take extreme effort on most to follow the prescription , but , the results are hard to deny .
 Dr. Bernstein 's Diabetes Solution
 I highly recommend this book to anyone who is a diabetic or a diabetic caretaker . Although I was identified as a diabetic Type II about 6 years ago , and I 've read many books about diabetes , and nutritional recommendations , this book explains and informs in easy to understand language ALL you need to know about controlling diabetes Type I or II . Once I made the changes in my diet and daily physical exercise that Dr. Richard K. Bernstein suggested , I was able to test within the high normal range with exercise and modified meals . I 'm grateful to Dr. Bernstein for taking the time to write about a complex disease with severe consequences if it is not controlled . By the way , Dr. Bernstein has been s a Type I diabetic for over 60 years . He knows what he 's talking about from personal experience and from a medical doctor 's point of view .
 Dr. Bernstein 's book on diabetes control is awesome . It is working very well in helping my husband control his A1C 's and blood sugar levels !
 Just followed Dr. Bernstein 's suggestions . Within a week my blood sugars reduced dramatically from 300 level -LRB- fasting and postprandial -RRB- to 150 and I escaped from inevitable Lantus/insulin prescription . Within a month , my blood sugars have come down even further to 80 after excercise to an high of 150 to 170 postprandial.I may even have to reduce dosage of my twice a day Janumet and once a day actos.The low carb diet is an excellent remedy for Type 2 diabetics.I strongly advise all Type 2 diabetics to try sincerely Dr. Bernstein ` ssolution as any one can get the same results within weeks at no cost . I owe a lot to Dr. Bernestein and I thank him from bottom of my heart for sharing his experience and advice through his Book in a very clear and lucid manner .
 I really like this book . I am a believer in low carb eating/lifestyle , am a diabetic , and devour books and research on related topics . I had come to believe that lower Blood Glucose -LRB- BG -RRB- readings are a definite result of a restricted carb diet before reading the book . But Dr. Bernstein put it in perspective by arguing for targeting specific BG 's and eating and or medicating to achieve the target . It really does work . Moreover , it makes low carb eating much more meaningful because the results are right there for your immediate review on the test strip . You do n't have to wait for the results to show up on the scale.Many have argued that this regimen is too restrictive . How can this be ? We are talking personal health here . Over the past 75 days , I have managed my fasting BG under 100 , have lost weight , feel excellent and all of my blood work is excellent . This after several years of erratic BG and ever worsening blood work while following ADA guidelines . This book should be a must read for every diabetic and treating physician . It may not work for everyone but it sure works for me .
 I was in a quandry trying to stablize my Type 2 diabetic blood glucose . The answer was simple in its concept , but difficult in its execution . Stay clear of carbohydrates . This book takes each aspect of diabetes control apart and explains the reasoning behind the methods . From simple diet and exercise to intensive insulin therapy , Dr. Bernstein 's book looks at each method of treatment and backs it up with thorough research . My blood surgar is now near normal , and once more under control .
 Like others who have reviewed the book , I had very poor blood sugar control on the ADA diet . I hit rock bottom in 2004 when I suffered several weeks of blindness , and was unable to work.I have now lost about forty pounds , and have average blood sugar readings in the 120 range . Previously , my average would have been at least one hundred points higher . When I get off the diet , my blood sugar goes right back into the two and three hundred range instantly.I have had improvement in symptoms . For example , the feeling in my extermities is much better . For the present , my diabetic retinopathy has stabilized , which I pray will continue.I do not find the diet change to be much of a sacrifice . That might be because I experienced the horror of having the disease completely take over my life . It can be inconvenient to eat out , but with a little creativity , I have a diverse and appealing menu.I have not been to Dr. Bernstein 's clinic , but hope to go eventually . I recommend the book to any diabetic I meet , andconsider it the principle reason for the improvement in my health .
 I am a newly-diagnosed type II diabetic . I am in the process of plowing through this book.Dr . Bernstein is a type I diabetic who has far outlived the original predictions for lifespan for type I diabetics . He is also a pioneer in the use of glucometers -LRB- by patients -RRB- to keep their blood sugars within a tight range.I think his diet is similar to Atkins , and I would also recommend the latest Atkins book on diabetes.If someone wants to eat a lot of carbs even though diabetic and simultaneously either take a lot of medications or a lot of insulin , that is their prerogative . However , if someone is interested in actually cutting down on medications or insulin , or perhaps reversing diabetes , I would recommend using Dr. Bernstein 's approach . If someone is a vehement vegetarian , however , they will have more trouble on this type of a diet , as animal protein foods are emphasized.From what I have read , eating low-carb is the way to go for a diabetic . My blood sugars have gradually been coming down . Your mileage may vary .
 As a nurse for 27 years , I have seen the decline in quality health care in the United States . Healthcare here is a privilege , not a right and as such patients are now `` customers '' . I am amazed at the number of physicians that are coming into practice that have the `` monkey see , monkey do '' attitude . Many shuffle patients through their offices like cattle in a chute as they have to see a certain amount to make the money . When you are in their office they just want to write a script for the latest pill and send you on your way . This results in very little time for a quality health assessment and advice . Dr. Bernstein 's books -LRB- I have ordered the Diabetes Solution and just finished the Diabetes Diet -RRB- are a 180 approach to treating diabetes . He answers the questions you have and those you did not know you had . He is a true scientist in every sense of the word.Through his amazing work , he tells people how to live a better , healthier life with diabetes . I am not diabetic ... yet . I am having a problem with insulin resistance . I am 50 , very overweight and for the last two years have craved sweets like a Heroin addict . While the diet is very restrictive to those carbs that will cause a quick rise in you blood sugar -LRB- bad for diabetics AND nondiabetics -RRB- I consider myself to be an addict and need to stop these types of foods to live a better life -LRB- and a longer one -RRB- . If you see yourself in any of these reviews , please get a copy of the book ... somehow , even if only at the library . It can save a life . Whether your diabetic or not , this is the lifestyle you should strive for . We must stop blindly following health advice when that advice has been proven detrimental to our health and well-being . Dr. Bernstein 's books are the light at the end of your tunnel . Keep walking toward it and you will not be sorry .
 If you have diabetes , if you live with a diabetic , read this book . It 's wonderfully clear in its explanations and arguments . Supplement it perhaps with the general writings of Dr. Andrew Weil on various foods , vitamins , and food preparation , but take a look at what Dr. Bernstein is saying about protein and carbs . This is a field where there is much disagreement , but I find this book to be convincing and extremely helpful . The best book on diabetes I 've ever read . ----- 2008 Update . This is still the best book I 've ever read on Diabetes . Ca n't recommend it enough . The book contains some very candid and vital information about the carbs vs. protein debate which I think would be helpful to anyone , not just diabetics . Again as I come to the tenth anniversary of my diagnosis as a Type 1 diabetic , I give this book my highest praise .
 This is the most amazing thing that I ever read . I was in a lot of trouble with diabetes . I was trying to follow my doctors advise and I was trying to do what the diatician told me to do but no matter what I did , I was in trouble . I had the begining of kidney disease , I had two frozen shoulders , I had severe gastroparisis , I had many lazer surgeries on my eyes , I had severe probems with my feet . I had a severe inflamation with one of my legs , and my blood sugar was over 400 every morning.One morning , at about 4AM , I got up and searched the internet . I went to the website for the insulins I used , and I finally went to Amazon.com . I initially found many of the books I already had . Then I found , The Diabetes Solution . I was interested , but I was skeptical . The customer comments were incouraging , so I ordered the book and when I got it I devoured it . I decided to do it . Within 6 weeks , my A1C went from 9.9 to 6.9 . My doctor said `` congratulations '' !! I was from then on my way . It is now almost 10 years later , I am consistantly at 5.0 A1C , and I have gotten rid of gastropariasis , eye problems , frozen shoulders , inflamed leg , kidney disease , and everything else . I walk two miles a day , and I am 58 years old . I am not near as hungry , and I love my new life . This book can change your life I promise .
 Struggling with diabetes for 7 years and even with 3 medications , I still could not control my blood sugar . With the diet and methods in this book , my blood sugar is now very close to normal and I no longer get as hungry nor do I crave carbs . I 've lost weight and have more energy . I see better . I think better . My life is changed for the better .
 The problem with most diabetic care is that is is advocated by healthcare professionals who have no personal experiental knowledge of the disease from living with it and managing it on a daily round the clock basis through ordinary events of daily living as well as crisis situations and travel . Dr. Bernstein has been a diabetic since the age of 12 and has experienced the ravages of the disease on the body and through his inquisitve and engineering background has applied these principles in his quest to normalize his own blood sugars . From buying the first glucose monitor for personal useage and through trial and error developing a diabetic management protocol , he learned how to normalize his own blood sugars and that there could be reversal of many of the adverse effects of the disease provided they had not reached the point of irreveribility . He went on to medical school when many of his writings were not accepted by the medical community . He has been actively treating diabetics from around the world helping them to normalize their blood sugars by putting into practice the library of his knowledge and practical solutions that will not only normalize anyone 's blood glucose if they heed his instructions but will also help prevent if nor reverse some or many of the potential complications . I personally have been a diabetic for a number of years and even employed an insulin pump for several years . I have had extensive diabetic counselling but still failed to maintain what I considered to be an oxymoron , i.e. control of my disease . I became very frustrated and was really on the verge of giving up . I realized that things like dialysis , stroke and heart problems were approaching unless I could do something . I had already developed significant peripheral neuropathy . When I discovered his books , I read them and applied what he said and began experiencing immediatiate improvement on a consistent predictable basis . I have personally been treated by Dr. Bernstein but if you ca n't see him personally in addtion to reading and folowing his book then BUY THE BOOK and religiously follow it . If you have been a diabetic for years , you will have the necessary experience to understand and make the corrections with the help of your personal physician . If you are a newly diagnosed diabetic , this will give you the opportunity to prevent many or all of the mistakes and frustrations of managing this disease and its serious complications . DR. BERNSTEIN 'S METHODS WORK ! IF YOU DO N'T FOLLOW THEM , YOU ONLY HAVE YOURSELF TO BLAME !
 I am not a diabetic but I was diagnosed as moving towards the diabetic state . Before I read the book I decided to change to a low-carb diet , which is essentially the diet advocated by Dr. Bernstein . My diet change has resulted in returning my blood levels of tryglycerides and HDL to a desirable status.His book advocates a rigorous approach towards a low-carb diet as a requirement to keep a diabetic 's blood glucose levels within certain bounds . His insights into how to implement a low carb diet can be read with profit by anyone who is moving toward a diabetic state . Of course , almost everybody is moving toward a diabetic state if they are on a conventional diet utilized by the average American . For instance , my siblings and my wife have all become diabetic or have indications that they are not handling a conventional diet well.All in all , I think the book is well written and I feel that its arguements are very persuasive and mathematically based . The book destroys the creditability of the American Diabetes Association . A campaign needs to be launched to publicize his views . Meanwhile many people are declining into ill health and dying while following the ADA 's recommendations .
 Dr. Bernstein is a truly remarkable man - he is both brilliant and really cares about diabetics -LRB- unlike some other authors I have read who seem more interested in promoting their own agenda -RRB- . I know there are things he 'd rather be doing at this point , but he continues to try to get information and help out to the rest of us , despite being treated quite poorly by much of the medical community , even as they gradually work their way to saying what he 's been saying all along.Dr . B may be the oldest living -LRB- 74 yrs old -RRB- Type I diabetic ; he essentially cured himself of a number of severe diabetic complications -LRB- severe kidney disease among others -RRB- by experimenting on himself and learning how to keep his blood sugars constantly in the normal range . He believes that diabetics are entitled to the same blood sugars non-diabetics have . This is uncommon in the medical community , most of whom advocate target blood sugars for diabetics that are well above normal - and I guess they think we should just accept these high levels and the complications that flow from them.Since I discovered Dr. Bernstein , I 've read his book and have also been listening to the Teleseminars he gives , for free , once a month , to answer questions people have -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- - but please , read the book first - people who ask questions answered in the book will not be appreciated -RRB- . I have learned a phenomenal amount.Anyway , about the book . It starts w/Dr . Bernstein 's personal story , which is amazing but also a good way of introducing the basic approach he has come to and the rationale behind it.Exercise : Dr. Bernstein is a huge advocate of exercise for diabetics -LRB- especially Type II w/insulin resistance -RRB- , and he discusses what he considers to be the best type of exercise for improving insulin sensitivity and reversing cardiovascular complications . He himself has a body-fat percentage of seven and -LRB- I 've seen him in video -RRB- has amazing muscle tone for a man of any age , much less a diabetic man in his 70s . Diet : Dr. Bernstein also advocates a very low carbohydrate diet * , and the rationale is sound.a . For Type IIs , carbs are of course the source of glucose , and eating them forces whatever pancreatic beta cells you have left to wear themselves out producing insulin to cover what you ate . And , more than likely , if you 're a Type II , you are insulin resistant which means you need to produce much more insulin than a normal person would to cover your carb intake . So , keeping carbs to a minimun gives your pancreas a break and may let you recover some -LRB- but probably not all -RRB- of the beta cells you 've lost to overwork and glucose-related damage.b . For Type Is or insulin-dependent Type IIs , trying to accurately estimate how much insulin you need if you are eating a high carbohydrate meal is virtually impossible . Apparently , food manufacturers are allowed to be up to 20 % off in their estimates of nutrient content . So , if you think you are eating a 100 g carb meal , you could be eating only 80g , in which case you 've taken too much insulin and could have a hypoglycemic reaction , or you could be eating 120g , in which case your blood sugar will be too high.Medication : Because he is committed to the idea that diabetics are entitled to fully normal blood sugars -LRB- which he estimates to be 83 plus or minus 2 -RRB- , he readily advocates medications , up to and including insulin , if diet and exercise have not be enough to get blood sugars to normal levels . And again , the rationale is there . Most importantly , by the time you get fasting blood sugars in the pre-diabetic or diabetic range , you 've lost a large percentage of your pancreatic beta cell function . -LSB- Why docs do n't routinely do post-prandial blood sugars and/or Hemoglobin A1C screening is a mystery to me - if they did , many of us would have been in a position to prevent this damage much earlier . -RSB- In any case , you can give your pancreas a rest and allow your not-yet-dead beta cells to recover by a -RRB- reducing insulin resistance -LRB- with Insulin Sensitizing agents -RRB- and/or b -RRB- providing an external source of insulin -LRB- injecting -RRB- so that your pancreas does n't have to do the work.Dr . B. discusses the various medications available , how they work and why he does or does not use them . He also covers information that is only relevant to people on insulin , but it is very interesting , and the practical details he covers really gives you a sense that this is someone who deals with diabetes and diabetics every day.I would especially encourage medical professionals to read this book . We desperately need more medical professionals who understand these things . If you are a diabetic or pre-diabetic , read the book -LRB- I 'd recommend reading it a couple times -RRB- and pass it on to your doctor.Hope this was helpful to someone . * I have been a huge carb eater all my life , but cutting them out has not been nearly as difficult as I would have imagined . Even if you read this and think `` I just could n't do that , '' read the book anyway . Then decide .
 Diabetes is now considered an epidemic in prosperous nations . This is from a recent article in the ` New York Times ' about a typical hospital in the Bronx
 I am a 31 year old with Type 1 Diabetes since I was 4 . I have no complications , but still am frustrated with the poor control possible with `` conventional wisdom '' . I can keep my blood sugars in the 100s with enormous effort but it comes at an enormous price of many `` lows '' and lots of velocity and movement in my blood sugars . I have only read the free chapters available on Dr. Bernstein 's site and already I feel horrible I did n't find this sooner . I ca n't wait until both this book and the Diet book arrive and I can start digging in and giving this an experiment .
 This was a very educational book . There is a lot of material here , but it is well organized , including a number of case studies to keep you motivated.I read extensively after being diagnosed with Type 2 Diabetes and found this book and `` The First Year Type 2 Diabetes
 Dr. Bernstein was , as his book will tell you , diagnosed in 1946 at the age of 12 with type 1 diabetes . He should have been dead a long time ago . So why is n't he ? Because he was first to figure out how to live a long and healthy life as a diabetic.He is the first diabetic on the planet to monitor his own blood sugars with a blood sugar meter . The first . How many millions do this now?He was first to recommend a low carb diet for diabetics , and fought against the ADA for years . Only since the publication of his books have they started , ever so slowly , to come around to his way of thinking.The man should win a Nobel Prize for Medicine for what he 's accomplished in his lifetime treating diabetes , and using himself as a guinea pig . This is no exaggeration . He has saved countless lives , and if this book were better known , he could save millions more.It 's time for the medical community to stop acting like diabetics are stupid or lazy and wholly embrace his way of treating diabetes.This is THE book for anyone who wants to control their diabetes instead of it controlling them .
 Excellent book ... well worth reading by anyone battling diabetes either type and by anyone concerned for someone who is in that situation.I have battled diabetes for over 7 years now and am fairly well read but Dr Bernstein has taught me fresh ways to battle the situation.Delighted with the speedy service.RegardsRoy N.
 Of the five books that I 've read on diabetes , this is the one that has all the answers . I 've been on Dr. Bernsteins blood sugar normalization and weight loss program for 6 weeks and have lost 21 pounds , with no craving for carbohydrates !! The program works because the author -LRB- a Type 1 diabetic -RRB- hasworked out all the answers from personal experience .
 Despite some negative reviews on dLife , I decided to purchase this book when I went into kidney failure and had to get control of my Type II Diabetes without the help of medication . My A1C is better than ever and I 'm thrilled . Thank you , Dr. Bernstein . I 've even been invited to help teach the Diabetes Self-Management Class at my HMO !
 The Virginia Mason Clinic has been researching diabetes since 1923 and my VM doctor put me on their diet which is 15 carbohydrates per meal for a total of 45 per day . It is what they put all of their Type II diabetics on . By following that I have been able to control my Type II medication free . I also walk a lot , an hour at a time , 5 and 6 days a week.About eight years ago I took a VM class regarding their diet with 18 people in attendance and all but one of us was overweight . The class returned a month later and with one exception -LRB- a guy who was on a cruise and could n't resist the buffet -RRB- we had all lost weight and our blood sugar was lower . One woman lost 20 pounds in that one month . -LRB- The woman next to me had a BS reading of 385 in the first class and it dropped to 85 in the second class . -RRB- I 'm relating this because the VM diet is so similar to Bernstein 's diet that I want everyone to know that is at least one place in mainstream medicine where a diet similar to this one is being prescribed.After that class I found this book and find it actually easier to follow than the 15 carbohydrates per meal . For some reason even 15 carbohydrates of any type flip a switch in me that within minutes sends me craving more carbohydrates . With this diet I do n't have that problem as much.The downside to this diet has already been mentioned because it is difficult to follow and I used to fall off it quite often . Then after a disappointing a1c test of 7.1 I buckled down and was pretty consistent on it for three months and my last test was 5.8 which is in the normal range . I take no medication , only diet - unlike my brothers who ca n't control their diet and are on drugs.Another issue for me is alcohol . I do n't abuse it but I do like my almost no carbohydrate double martini or scotch or brandy every week or two . The alcohol does n't raise my blood sugar level but it rips up my self control and I have often then run out and bought ice cream -LRB- my favorite cheat -RRB- which defeats the diet for a few days making it difficult to climb back on board . What I now do after learning my pattern is I sit down and have a chat with myself , set some ground rules of not running for snacks after drinking and if I feel that I can really comply with that have a drink . Yes , I have more than once not taken a drink because I knew it would n't work . Kind of like compassionate self-parenting but it really does work.For those concerned about doctor 's approval I agree except there are still many doctors out there who do n't believe the miracle of low carb and they push people in a less healthy direction . But particularly in the past 10 years I 'm seeing more and more studies pointing to the direction that this book supports .
 This is an enormously informative , scholarly book which at the same time is practical , with ideas and suggestions easy to apply . I have learned more about diabetes from this book than I did in medical school . I strongly recommend it to anyone who is overweight , has metabolic syndrome , or diabetes.Sheldon Wolf , MD
 I was diagnosed as a Type 2 Diabetic in October of 2009 . That was quite a shock to me - who thought I was in good health , except that I was always hungry , could not lose weight and was TIRED all the time . I went on Amazon.com to look for a few books to read on Diabetes so that I could understand it better . Dr. Bernsein 's book kept coming up in review after review for other Diabetes books besides his own , being highly recommended by other Diabetics.I am very grateful to all of you who take the time to write such comprehensive reviews . Thanks to your being willing to share about your personal experiences I found Dr Bernsteins books , and my A1C has dropped from medication and the diet . As someone who did Atkins off and on , I understand the plan and carbs.It 's not an easy diet to follow . I am still battling certain cravings , like for bread . But this diet makes clear to me what I need to do have control of my well-being . It works . With this diet and pills , hopefully I will be able to maintain and improve my health.I recommend that every Diabetic read this book . Besides the diet , Dr Bernstein explains more clearly than anywhere else I have read about Diabetes , it 's effects on your body , the medications and injectibles . This is much better advice and information than I have received from anywhere else.For followers of Dr B , he has a website and a monthly webinar on various Diabetes related subjects .
 The book gave me insight into a Diabetes diet which no Dcotor had in the 10 years that I 've been diagnosed with Type 2 Diabetes .
 As with all of these old books of `` receipts , '' ` The Century Cook Book ' is chock-full of historical how-to 's , from how to make coffee to budgeting for dinner -LRB- turkey at 16 cents a pound ! -RRB- . If you 're a historical writer or just a history buff , you 'll love this book . If you 're looking for something more modern-day , give this book a look-see . The section on `` How to utilize what some cooks throw away '' does have relevance in today 's kitchens , and `` Things to remember '' are truly that
 `` Stopped at Stalingrad '' is one of those genuine surprises . Just when you think you have read everything you need to read or want to read about a given subject , along comes a book that forever alters your view of that subject.This book 's principle focus is on the Luftwaffe 's role on the Eastern Front . It may , indeed , be the only book length treatment of the subject . Joel Hayward demonstrates with great care that the German 's use of air power as a tactical , and not strategic , weapon in close support of ground forces was perhaps THE key factor in the German army 's early successes in the East . Patton and the Allied Generals could only DREAM of tactical air-ground support on this level . Writes Hayward , `` The Luftwaffe , together with the army meticulously co-ordinated their operations and created joint `` Schwerpunkte '' -LRB- points of main efforts -RRB- . '' I may be demonstrating my own woeful lack of knowledge , but this is the first time in all my reading about the German war effort that I encountered a discussion of the critical doctrine of Schwerpunkte.But one of this book 's best offerings , comes at the very beginning where Hayward outlines in detail the crucial role that oil , or the lack thereof , played in the entire German war effort . From the outset , the German 's were running at a critical deficit . And even with the Rumanian oil fields running at full capacity , the German 's were in terrible trouble . And every time they absorbed a new chunk of territory , their situation became all the more desperate.So great was Germany 's reliance upon the Rumanian oil fields that Hitler became obsessed with the potential for Russian bombers to turn them in to what he called , `` an expanse of smoking debris . '' The fear proved , of course groundless , the Russians were never able to mount an effective long-range bomber command . But this fear led to a costly , Quixotic `` cleansing of the Crimea '' -- the so-called `` Operation Bustard Hunt '' . When the German 's launched Operation Barbarossa , their requirements for oil became critical . And this chronic problem led Hitler to focus on the oil fields of the Caucasus . Indeed from this point on much of the German strategic war effort was geared towards securing a reliable oil supply -LRB- or developing alternatives -RRB- . The effort to reach the Caucasus proved , in many respects , to be Germany 's undoing . And it was a fruitless effort to begin with . It assumed that
 You 'll have to search hard to find any book that better interweaves a rollicking good narrative with top-notch scholarly analysis of tactics , operational art and strategy . Added to that are good clear maps , a helpful glossary , thorough source and footnote details and a full index . This book initially upset a lot of buffs by slaying several sacred cows , yet Hayward 's interpretations have not only survived , but they have been widely accepted by scholars and Stalingrad enthusiasts alike . This has indeed , as another reviewer noted , become a necessary `` standard work '' on Stalingrad .
 The author has done an outstanding job on this book . I was very pleased with the coverage of the Crimean battles of early 1942 and the launching of Operation Blue when Richtofen 's Corps was moved north to support the attack . You get a good , solid picture of the decision 's at Army Command , Group , corp , and Division level throughout . The best part for me about a book is when I learn not just one thing , but learn new info on several aspect 's of this huge struggle in the East . Enough praise now purchase this book ! Anyone interested in the Eastern Front of WW2 should have this book .
 This is a detailed book with a strong analytical component , great new photographs , and a good bilingual bibliography . The author begins in March 1942 and takes the Stalingrad campaign through to its death in February 1942 . Both air force and ground operations get good coverage , but the real strength of this book is its explanation of how the two branches -LRB- and even the German navy in the Black Sea -RRB- cooperated together . The account is based on a careful reading of scores of unpublished war diaries and other rare documents , and is therefore a nice surprise after reading countless previous Stalingrad books which all quote the same , readily available sources -LRB- Lost Victories , Chuikov 's book , etc -RRB- . The book is stronger overall than Beevor 's book , even if the latter is faster paced and has more on the Soviets .
 This account of the Luftwaffe 's cooperation with the German army in the east during the long year from March 1942 to 1943 is historical reconstruction at its very best . Expertly it explains war in all its levels , from tactical to operational to strategic , and it focuses for the first time in any such book on the complex everyday operating relationship between ground and air forces . Scholars may think Hayward too hard on Hitler 's and Goering 's `` incompetent '' decision-making , but they 'll be hard-pressed to disprove his theories . That 's because Hayward 's account is based on unpublished wartime documents and diaries . You do n't have a complete record of Stalingrad without this book !
 Beevor 's famous book covers both sides in equal detail . This one does n't . It deals mainly with Germans and their Romanian , Hungarian , Croatian and Italian comrades . But unlike Beevor it covers all three armed forces
 Put plainly
 I read Antony Beevor which got me hooked on Stalingrad , and this book is as good as Beevor 's . It is also as good as Hayward 's new book on Admiral Nelson . Both get my high praise . Scholarly works that are also readable are few and far between , so make the most of this guy 's work .
 This may have been written for professional military scholars and experts , but it is also of immense value to amateurs and military buffs . This is solid , heavy going but deeply analytical and more informative than any other book on the subject . It ranks alongside Ziemke and Bauer , David Glantz , and John Erickson -LRB- who have written a stunning review of it -RRB- as a top Stalingrad book .
 This book is mandatory reading to anyone interested in the Wehrmacht 's campaigns on the Eastern Front . The study has been meticulously researched , is reflective , well written , and evidence that the author is one of the foremost experts of German military operations against the Soviet Union during 1942 . The book is a scholarly , detailed study of the Luftwaffe 's campaigns during this critical year , yet provides perfect analytical context by explaining army operations , which the Luftwaffe was closely affiliated and therefore necessary for understanding its own activities , and also the strategic/political factors driving the Wehrmacht 's overall campaign . It also demonstrates , to often overlooked in most campaign studies , the significant role that individual personalities can , and do , play in war . This book is a MUST read to anyone that is especially interested in the Luftwaffe , joint warfare , dynamic leadership and airpower . All military practitioners , scholars and commentators will thoroughly enjoy reading it .
 Wonderful book on the most pivotal year in the Barbarossa campaign , but lessons exist here for people today regarding leadership and goalsetting . Hayward description of events clearly indicates that the German 1942 campaign would have been successful if the German leadership -LRB- from the General Staff on up -RRB- had created operational focus and maintained it throughout the campaign.The lesson for us today is that , in our age of limited resources , failure to followthrough and focus our resources on the important goals , in the order that those goals must be achieved is the most important requirement for success.I would recommend this , not just to history buffs , but to business leaders of all types .
 This is a very interesting book about Stalingrad because it looks at the whole 1942 campaign to put Stalingrad into political , strategic , and economic context . And its focus on how the Luftwaffe contributed so much to all 1942 battles , and the Sixth Army 's unsuccessful supply , is almost entirely new . A well done `` essential '' book .
 I really enjoyed this book , which gives the best analysis in any language of the Stalingrad air battles and the doomed airlift . I also enjoyed the sections on German strategy , which were insightful and very well informed.I have a copy of the paperback , but I may well hunt out the hardcover because I want to keep a permanent copy of this excellent book in my collection of Wermacht books .
 This meticulous study of the Luftwaffe on the Russian Front during the 1942-1943 debacle doubtless is a major contribution to the genre , but the text is peculiarly dry and remote despite the extraordinary subject matter . Hayward decided to `` avoid all unnecessary anecdotes , however fascinating they are '' and the resulting narrative , in this reader 's opinion , exhibits a curious detachment that is in sharp contrast to the drama of the events he describes.Although it would be absurd to compare this book with , say , a Tom Clancy novel , it also would be fair to say that the text largely fails to capture and reflect the human dimensions of these shattering conflicts . As a substantive work of scholarship it deserves much credit , but it is difficult to know exactly who the intended audience is . I doubt that the general reader of WW II history will read this detailed chronology from cover to cover . The text does not compel that kind of sustained attention.I wonder if all the reviewers who have heaped accolades on this book actually have read it through . It often is easier to recognize virtue than to embrace it ... In it 's favor , I cheerfully concede that the scholarship appears to be thorough and careful . The abbreviation lists , explanations of German operational units/commands , endnotes and bibliography are quite helpful . I assume that the technical accuracy is beyond reproach . Possibly it is the best and most accessible English-language chronology available to serious scholars of these actions.The problem here seems to be that a meticulous and dispassionate chronology of military engagements , movements of units , and casualty lists , written after the fact by distilling details from primary sources , is not a full history . It is an essential part of the historical record , to be sure , but it is two-dimensional . The total experiences of the Luftwaffe on the Russian Front can not be so neatly described because the conflict was not neat and tidy . War is a desperate enterprise
 This is a superbly written , highly detailed look at the battle for Stalingrad from the perspective of the German Air Force . Since Hayward has chosen the unique vantage point of concentrating on the actions of Germany , namely the Luftwaffe , I found Hayward almost in a supporting role , and myself , disturbingly , rooting for the axis . Possibly because of the extensive use of formations , numbers , and tactical movements it became a bit dry , but as it progressed it improved . And what seemed to be inconsequential details , only added to the flavor . This book is an excellent addition to others that cover this period in history , and most notably the more colorful book , `` The Battle for Stalingrad '' . Hayward utilizes and quotes extensively from the diaries and personal papers of key airman and military leaders . He is also not afraid to critique other works and correct false history . A good portion of the book covers the lead-up to the fight for Stalingrad . The numbers of materials and planes destroyed throughout the campaign was staggering and the Russians contempt for its own people was appalling . It was remarkable Russia held them off . But even with poor Russian leadership , it was the over extension by Hitler , the severe Russian winters , and the sheer numbers of tanks and men that would eventually lead to Germany 's destruction -- it was economics over military objectives . The study concludes with a critique , a summary , and an aftermath.Lord 's BlessingsScott
 Let me lead off by saying I consider myself an amateur historian , and possess over 400 books on the Second World War alone . I would place this book in the top ten books I 've read on the conflict . As others have noted , the book covers the Luftwaffe 's contributions to the Crimean battles of early 1942 and the initial success and ultimate failure of Operation Blue . From its initial explanation of the importance of oil to the German decision making process on deciding what the focus for the 1942 campaign would be , to the final failure of the greatly overtaxed Luftwaffe to provide adequate support to either 6th Army in Stalingrad or the German efforts in the Caucasus , the book added greatly to my knowledge and understanding of why things happened as they did . This book provides a unique perspective and complements the other fine works on the Eastern Front in 1942 , and is not to be missed .
 Hayward has created a truly unique perspective on the German Eastern campaigns of 1942 . The German effort in the air is the focus of this work , discussing in detail the Luftwaffe 's contributions to the overall German strategy during Case Blue and lead up operations , such as the seige of Sevastopol . His treatment of German air actions in the Black Sea is unparalleld in the English literature on the subject . Precise and fascinating details of operations , insights into the motivations and personalities of the main players , and superb scholarship , combined with a very readable style make this book one of my favourite reads . Highly recommended , and essential reading for anyone interested in this period of history .
 This book is a treasure . Saying it deals with just the Luftwaffe effort does not really address the scope of the book . In addition to the author 's fabulous treatment of air operations , it has some great stuff on naval operations in the Crimea . This book is an absolute MUST for your WWII library . This guy is a lecturer at some college in New Zealand . Get him to some University in the USA !!
 I enjoyed this book very much . I got it as a gift and have now brought a copy to give to someone else . It is very , very thorough , which makes it ideal for academics , but it is also easy for enthusiasts like me to understand and get absorbed in . And I did . Even though I naturally knew how the Stalingrad battle ended I still felt gripped by the dreadful story as it unfolded . Mr Hayward managed to make the events understable and the characters believable . I felt their frustration and their pain and their growing feelings of failure and terrible disappointment . This book goes well alongside Beavor 's equally important study of the battle . Stalingrad enthusiasts simply MUST own copies of both , especially as Hayward 's is the first to explain air operations -LRB- and brilliantly -RRB- and Beavor 's is the first to look at the fate of the ordinary soldiers from both sides .
 I read this book as part of a study I am doing into war on the Eastern Front.I found the book to be excellently researched and well written . For those who are interested in military history and in particular German Military history , I would say it 's a must on any good bookshelf
 I never got around to reading this book until now even though I bought it two years ago . It seemed too thorough and scholarly to be easily read and my lazy nature proved too strong . But I have now read it and regret not doing so earlier . In the meantime I wasted money on several less worthy books . They were easy to read but , alaS , I now find that they contained many mistakes.Hayward 's book may be the very best Luftwaffe campaign book , and one of the two or three best Stalingrad books , ever written . I was amazed by the breadth of research and the research talents demonstrated . I was also amazed by the amount of new information , all of it presented in a balanced and easy to follow fashion . This is amongst my five favourite World War II books ever read .
 An exellent study of the German Airforce from the fall of Sevastopol in the Crimea to its failure at Stalingrad . Very well written , with a clear analysis of the events . Well worth the money and it belongs in every major collection on World War II 's Eastern Front .
 I am not surprised to read that this book is getting excellent reviews . I consider it one of the best books of military history I have read . It is based on superb research -LRB- it was originally a PhD dissertation , I believe -RRB- and it reveals a wealth of important information that I had not previously known . And the author writes extremely well.I certainly do recommend this book highly .
 When I first read it I was looking for a study of the Lufftwaffe.Be warned it is actually a strategic study on Hitler 's war up to Stalingrad in particular his need for oil.But since then , I have now used it several times as a reference and discovered that it is a very good study of Germany strategic needs and problems . As such I now give it 5 stars .
 I enjoyed this book very much . I got it as a gift and have now brought a copy to give to someone else . It is very , very thorough , which makes it ideal for academics , but it is also easy for enthusiasts like me to understand and get absorbed in . And I did . Even though I naturally knew how the Stalingrad battle ended I still felt gripped by the dreadful story as it unfolded . Mr Hayward managed to make the events understable and the characters believable . I felt their frustration and their pain and their growing feelings of failure and terrible disappointment . This book goes well alongside Beavor 's equally important study of the battle . Stalingrad enthusiasts simply MUST own copies of both , especially as Hayward 's is the first to explain air operations -LRB- and brilliantly -RRB- and Beavor 's is the first to look at the fate of the ordinary soldiers from both sides .
 Hayward believes that German air doctrine was too narrowly focused on tactical air support and ignored strategic targets . In his book , Hayward supports his thesis by stating that during the battle for Stalingrad , the Luftwaffe paid too much attention to supporting the ground forces and not enough attention to interdicting the ferries carrying Russian soldiers across the Volga river . Hayward also criticizes the Luftwaffe for not bombing the Caucasusian oil fields which could have severely hampered the Russian war effort . Finally , Hayward writes that the Luftwaffe was spread out to thinly to support the main thrust at Stalingrad and Manstein 's southern advance in the Caucasus . I would strongly reccomend this book to anyone whose interested in the faults of German military doctine during World War II .
 Given the amount of aircraft involved and the huge losses sustained by both the Germans and the Russians , it is difficult to understand the absence of literature on the German-Soviet air war during World war II . This book is an important step in providing detailed accounts on this topic . The author convincingly demonstrates that aereal operations on the Russian Front were every bit as intense as those occurring say , during the Battle of Britain or what was experienced by the AAF in 1943-44 . For the first time , many World war II enthusiasts will become aware that Luftwaffe raids killed almost as many Russian civilians at Stalingrad as were killed during the entire London Blitz . I was pleasantly surprised to see at least some description of the heavy Luftwaffe strikes against the oil targets around Grozny since these were every bit as important as the much documented USAF raids on Ploesti . The book also centers itself around Wolfram von Richtofen , a German Air Marshall who played a critical and very influential role in Luftwaffe strategy during the German victories from 1939-1942 but who is relatively ignored in most western air warfare histories.On the negative side , the book 's tone is too scholarly at times and dwells too often on the organizational structure of the German Air force . Thus it makes an exciting topic a bit dull in sections of the book . Still ... Given the lack of information and literature on this topic the book must be considered very good if for no other reason than by default .
 The overwhelming majority of publications or television broadcast documentaries dealing with the European Air War in WWII give the impression that all significant air compaigns were between the RAF and/or USAAF and the Luftwaffe . This book greatly dispels this myth . During the spring and summer of 1942 the Luftwaffe launched massive asssaults both against the Russian army and the Russian civilian population . Air raids against such cities as Stalingrad were every bit as deadly/destructive as the raids lauched earlier against London or Warsaw , a fact most of us never learned in history classes or see on the History Channel . It is also apparent the Luftwaffe support of ground forces was as intense and ubiquitous as anything experienced by the Western Allies . It is obvious the sucess of the British and Americans in the African theater during the fall of 1942 can be attributed to the fact that the German armed forces , especially the Luftwaffe , were overwhelmingly preoccupied on the Eastern Front . This books decribes many of these operations in great detail and gives some insight into the fascinating character of Wolfram von Richtofen.My only criticism is the author goes into too much detail on describing the administrative and organizational aspects of the Luftwaffe which tends to make portions of the book a bit booring . Overall however , it is long overdue significant achievement .
 I agree with what esteemed Professor Richard Overy said in his review of this book
 This is the most excellent book on the Battle we all think we know about . But this book shows how little we know . It has great research in Germany 's Militaerarchiv in Freiburg and in captured war documents in American national and militar archives . Many , maybe most , of these documents have never been used by historians before . So the information from them and the author 's conclusions are revelations . This book explains Stalingrad strategies , in the air and on the ground , better than any other book , and is the very first to explain the Luftwaffe 's centrel role in German victories and defeats during 1942 and early 1943 . Every Stalingrad reader will enjoy .
 I knew many scholars had used this book in their footnotes and for their research so I thought it would be one of those dry and boring texts . It is NOT . It is clever and insightful , and engaging and well written . It covers many battles poorly understood in the west until now , and has a focus on the way airpower and armies conducted their operations jointly as partners . The great Field Marshal Von Richthofen is central to the story , but Joel Hayward treats him as a human , with as many flaws as qualities . This is a fine book and an an essential study .
 I never realized how short of fuel the wehrmacht was until I read this book coupled with Guy Sajer 's `` The Forgotten Soldier '' . With the fuel blockade and limited Rumanian and synthetic fuel reserves , Germany never had a chance .
 So Beevor 's book gained wide publicity and sold in great quantities . Effective marketing and its corresponding sales do not mean it is the best book on Stalingrad.Perhaps Hayward 's book IS.Because I wanted to know WHY things became as violent and bloody and chaotic as Beevor portrayed , I needed a book that explained the strategy employed by German attackers , Russian defenders and then Russian attackers and German defenders . I also need to know WHY the Germans ever thought Stalingrad was strategically important , WHY Hitler refused to abadon it even after his Sixth Army got surrounded there , why GOERING promised to keep that army fully supplied by air , WHY the local air force leaders said that it could not be thus supplied , WHY Hitler listened to Goering , WHY the Luftwaffe failed so badly , and WHY Goering did n't get the sack.All these questions are answered in a highly original study by Joel Hayward , whose fluency with German sources is noteworthy . His answers do n't fit the traditional explanations and in fact , he demolishes many long-held beliefs.While condemning the Nazi leadership he pays tribute to the Luftwaffe 's exceptionally hardworking and industrious commanders at the front . They tried incredibly hard and did far better than circumstances ordinarily would have allowed . Sadly for Sixth Army it was not enough , and Richthofen the brilliant senior air commander never recovered from his sense of failure . Stalingrad broke him physically and emotionally.Also important in Hayward 's book is his skilful analysis of the Luftwaffe 's key role in the Battles of Kharkov , Kerch and Sevastopl , events that were ignored for too long by schlars unwilling or unable to spend months in German military archives like Hayward did.His unparallelled use of archival material , his carefull assessment of all material , his compelling and hard-to-refute arguments all turn this fluently-written book into the definitive account , in any language , of the Stalingrad airlift.You must read this book if you want to understand how the German army almost took Stalingrad -LRB- mainly because of the Luftwaffe 's excellent close air support and logistical support of oil and fuel to panzer vanguards -RRB- and why it ultimately failed .
 The first edition came out in 1998 and , six years on , this work has not been surpassed for its importance as an analysis of WWII joint warfighting , the Luftwaffe 's way of war , airpower in the Crimea , airpower in the Caucasus , airpower at Stalingrad , and naturally the Stalingrad airlift itself.The reasons for this book 's immediate `` classic '' status are easy to pick
 This book 's back cover ratings by the world 's leading historians are not exaggerated . This book is fantastic and is essential to read if you want to know what the Germans did RIGHT and WRONG at Stalingrad -LRB- granted ; they should never have been there in the first place -RRB- . The research , the approach and the arguments are highly original , making this book invaluable for Stalingrad and Ostfront enthusiasts . It is also stylishly written . Fine book !
 This is the most excellent book on the Battle we all think we know about . But this book shows how little we know . It has great research in Germany 's Militaerarchiv in Freiburg and in captured war documents in American national and militar archives . Many , maybe most , of these documents have never been used by historians before . So the information from them and the author 's conclusions are revelations . This book explains Stalingrad strategies , in the air and on the ground , better than any other book , and is the very first to explain the Luftwaffe 's centrel role in German victories and defeats during 1942 and early 1943 . Every Stalingrad reader will enjoy .
 This is one of the very best book on the Luftwaffe by serious , academic historian , and possibly the only one to date to give credit and recognition to one of the best tactical minds of he Luftwaffe , GFM von Richtofen.While justifiably lambasting the Luftwaffe -LRB- and Hitler too -RRB- on its short sightedness in forgoing the development of a strategic , heavy bomber in favour of tactical , short range fighters and light payload bombers , Hayward does remind us the indispensable role of the Luftwaffe as the Heer 's flying artillery and its role in her battlefield successes.The fact that the Luftwaffe was staffed mainly by transferees from the Heer may be a determining factor in shaping its mission as a tactical , close support airforce , and its reluctance to develop , acqueisce or sustain a naval air arm for the tonnage battle in the Atlantic -LRB- same can be said of Raeder 's and D&ouml;nitz 's strategic shortcomings , both concentrating on their respective favourites , battleships and U-boats , while paying little heed to the crucial role of air cover for naval actions -RRB- may stem from the tradtional rivalry during the Kaiser 's times between the senior service , Army and the Kaiser 's favourite , the Kriegsmarine , which in the Great War proved to be a less than war winning tool , and a dtermining factor -LRB- with her mutinies -RRB- in the dissolution of the Reich.It is amazing that nobody in the top echelons of the Luftwaffe had articulated a strategic vision for the role of the service in war . Same with the Krigesmarine with its focus and fetish on battleships and U boats.Bearing in mind that Germany was flanked by her traditional enemies in Europe , and the need for the avoidance of the nightmarish 2 front war like the last war , which stretched Germany to her limits as a middling power battling the superpowers -LRB- Britain , Russia and USA -RRB- , the much vaunted General Staff as well as OKW , OKH . OKM . OKL had not seen the need for a strategic airforce of long range fighters and high altitude heavy bombers -LRB- plus aircraft carriers for the inevitable last fight with the US after mastery of Europe -RRB- that will serve as a deterrent in any enforced peace with Britain and USSR , or as an indisepnsable deep penetrating tool for crippling her enemies ' military-political-industrial complexes , the cross-Channel invasion of Britain , the strangling of trans-Atlantic trade between Britian and her Dminions as well as her banker , the US.Inter-service rivalry will see the Luftwaffe refusing to build up a naval air arm , or let the Kriegamrine to have one , nor did the latter , with its uni-dimensional focus on the war at sea , see the need for aircover and aircraft carriers -LRB- all because of the myopic expedient that for the same amount of steel , you can build 20 U boats in a shorter time -RRB- for her naval units . This led to the loss of aircover over her bases , and drove the U boats underwater -LRB- thus limiting her striking power as they fought on the surface ! -RRB- and her surface units immobilised in hideouts in France and Norway.Without a strategic airforce , and with the loss of air supremacy at home and above the battelfields , Germany suffred from the vicious cycle of loss of aircover , then devastated industries , then even less aircrafts , arms and munitions to fight off her enemies on all fronts , and so on . In the end , the Luftwaffe was no more than the Heer 's last mobile artiller and machine gun battalions -LRB- most of the Heer 's artillery was horse drawn -RRB- and the Kreigsmarine an impotent coast guard.It would be interesting to see if , like the Generalstab , most of the Heer transferees were artillerists -LRB- the most technical proficient branch and thus uniquely suited to the technically most demanding service -RRB- , who with their mindset would predisposed them to a tactical , close support vision of the Luftwaffe
 This volume is a major contribution to the history of the Luftwaffe during the Russo-Germano war . `` Stopped at Stalingrad '' is also a richly drawn study of the most important air campaigns in the Eastern Front . Written in an accessible style this volume will be welcomed by anyone with an interest in the WWII . I was very pleasantly surprised by the book and also the quality of its contents . The author did a masterful job of research . Joel Hayward draws on diaries of both key commanders and regular airmen . He also shows that the poorly conceived strategies of Hitler and his buffoon , Goering , dommed the efforts of men such von Manstein , Milch and Wolfram von Richthofen -LRB- an outstanding soldier -RRB- to come to grips with an impossible situation . I heartily recommended this book .
 The author Joel Hayworth did a fantastic job of researching the ill-fated Luftwaffe attempt to keep the encircled German troops in Stalingrad supplied . The details of the aircraft involved , leadership , weather , and combat conditions are all covered in great detail . The opening phases of the Spring 1942 German operation to conquer the Crimea , the German offensive in the Caucaus Mountains -LRB- Summer 1942-Spring 1943 -RRB- and the fighting in Stalingrad proper are also included . Well worth the time and money a great find and a excellent book .
 This is an excellent book because it focuses on the truly important part of the Stalingrad battle -- the airlift . What is great about this book is that it integrates what is happening on the ground with what happened in the air . I 've read many books on Stalingrad , Milch , Richthofen , and the author has done his research -LRB- see the German Reports from the USAF Air University -RRB- . Why did the airlift fail ? Probably weather and operational readiness were the main reasons . For example , in the Conclusion of the book , the author notes that with better weather a couple of months later , the German Air Force was able to resupply the German Armies in the Caucausas with the 500 tons/day that Stalingrad never received . The Germans were not prepared to operate well at 0 degF and low visibility conditions . By contrast the USAF was able to operate the Berlin Airlift with 5000 tons/day -LRB- about 20 times the German tonnage -RRB- because of better aircraft -LRB- DC-4 -RRB- , better all weather landing systems , and better operational readiness -LRB- and no 0 degF weather -RRB- . What would have been a good additional chapter would have been a comparison of the Stalingrad airlift with Demyansk airlift , Kuban airlift and Berlin airlift . Also some charts showing the tons carried , total planes , operational planes , plane losses per week would have been informative . Nevertheless , this book is a 5 star .
 As I stated in the title of my review the book covered many air operations from the Crimean battles of 1941-1942 up to Stalingrad . The author did this in a very detailed and accurate study and much more important in conjunction with land operations . I was particulary impressed by the coverage of Stalingrad battle -LRB- support of the initial assault , Operation Wintergewitten and the airlift -RRB- , but also the coverage of the air and sea battles over the Black Sea . Very good photos but I can not say the same about the maps . A really good book that filled a lot of gaps in the battles around Black Sea .
 This is a very good description of Luftwaffe Operations on the Eastern Front . It has good background information speciffically about the economic side of it . Decisions made based on oil supply 's rather than military objectives . Very interesting material.The only bad thing about this book is that the editing comes across as very sloppy . German names are often misspelled or incorrect . It is not Manstein , but von Manstein , not Bock , but von Bock , not Kluge , but von Kluge.Also it is not Count von Sponneck but Graf von Sponneck . If you overlook those issues , it is a very good book
 Very thoroughly researched book . Could have explained infantry operations in a little more detail after all most of the movements of the Luftwaffe happened in direct support of infantry movement . Could have given a little bit more weightage to characteristic traits of leaders involved in action . But all in all a very lucidly written book a definite buy for anyone interested in eastern theater of WWII
 with over 20 stalingrad titles in my collection this book was impossible to put down , one of the best written well researched books i ve read in a very long time.at the price these are selling for it is an absolute steal!if i would have known how much i would enjoy it i would have payed double the going rate and never flinched.probobly the most absorbing aspects of this book is all the myth busting it does.stalingrad is one of those battles to which the `` telephone game '' syndrome has been deeply rooted a `` fact '' is used in some of the older less researched books and is re used by many authors without verification.this book disspells many of these , and proves with documentation why they are false.also does an excellent job at explaining how the 6th army wound up in the predicamement it did.lots of info on the crimea campaign and how this directly influenced the stalingrad battle . avery fairly priced book written in an excellent style . simply one of the best researched books i ve read in a long time worth every penny
 Stopped at Stalingrad deals with the Luftwaffe 's actions in and around the Crimean peninsula from 1942 to 1943 . Probably the most interesting part of the book deals with Fliegerfuhrer Sud and it 's mission to clear the Black Sea of the Soviet naval presence . Stopped at Stalingrad also deals with the use of air power in the taking of Sevastapol , the actions against the Soviet forces landed on the Kerch peninsula , and the overall use of German airpower in supporting the march on the Don.Hayward also discusses why Hitler felt the Luftwaffe could airlift enough supplies to sustain 6th Army after it was cut off around Stalingrad by Soviet troops.This book is a good case study of how the Luftwaffe operated in tandem with the army and naval forces , and Hayward points to the Luftwaffe as one of the major contributors to Germany 's initial successes against the Soviets.I thuroughly enjoyed this book , and I would recommend it to anyone interested in learning more about the tactical air-support role the Luftwaffe played -LRB- specifically in the Southern Front of the Eastern Theater of Operations -RRB- .
 I really love this well produced , carefully documented and fluidly written book of strategy and human conflict , which I read after reading another of this author 's exquisite books . This is an equally good book on history 's greatest battle . The focus is on air and joint combat - this being how the Luftwaffe coordinated its combat with the army during the early , middle , and joyless final stages of Stalingrad . No-one before has looked at this , at least not to my knowledge.The author does a marvelous job . I found the book very thorough and sometimes so packed with information that I felt overwhelmed . But that it only because this study analyses -LRB- expertly -RRB- an overwhelming number of squadrons , divisions and troops.No-one seriously interested in Stalingrad has ignored this invaluable book , which is discussed by war-gamers through to military officers -LRB- I first heard that this , the authoritative analysis of the Stalingrad air battle and airlift , existed while at the Ecole de Guerre Economique in Paris in 1999 -RRB- . It is used as a textbook in several airforce and military academies , because it is so accurate , original , analytical and definitive .
 I bought this book after being highly impressed by the author 's ground-breaking book on Horatio , Lord Nelson . In that book , `` For God and Glory
 The author analyses the significance of the support provided by the Luftwaffe to the sucess of German operations in Southern Russia in 1942 . The analysis is crisp and the critical points well made .
 Anthony Beevor 's wife and publisher -LRB- the well-connected Hon. Artemis Cooper , no less -RRB- had her publicity machine whip his good book on Stalingrad into a huge international best-seller . That 's perfectly okay . I liked Beevor 's book very much , and do commend it to readers . But Beevor 's is n't the most authoritative and analytical book on Stalingrad , that frightful , turning-point battle . Joel Hayward 's book is ! I 'm pleased that , while it has never sold as many copies , Hayward 's uniquely-conceived book has earned fantastic reviews and been quoted and acknowledged as highly-influential -LRB- and mandatory reading -RRB- by almost every subsequent writer on the eastern front , including Glantz , Erickson etc.Hayward 's book masterfully explains why , strategically , Hitler planned a major campaign in 1942 after not winning in the east during the previous year . It superbly elucidates why , even though the city of Stalingrad was never one of that major campaign 's goals , Hitler then became distracted by it , to the point whereby its capture mattered more than the Caucasus oilfields he was originally , and very rationally , committed to seizing and exploiting.Hayward 's book also analyses air power and joint-service matters but always relates these in a seamless way to ground battles and operations . His book is therefore strikingly-different to all previous , army-focused books on Stalingrad -LRB- including Beevor 's -RRB- which barely mentioned air power despite it dominating all successful battles during 1942 , in and around Stalingrad itself , and during the air-lift . Hayward 's analysis of that increasingly-futile and tragic air-lift , and its highly skilful defeat by the Red Air force and Red Army , is by far the most original , complete , meticulously-researched -LRB- all from unpublished archival sources -RRB- and informative ever written.I can not recommend this original , insightful book highly enough . Buy Beevor 's journalistic book , of course . But you must buy this volume if you want a thorough , analytical , scholarly work that explains why things happened and what it all meant .
 Recently I ordered ` Stopped at Stalingrad ' from amazon.com . It was well worth the puchase , as the book is both a profoundly researched study and an interesting read . It 's a scholarly work which , undoubtedly , will become a classic in its field.D&eacute;nes Bern&aacute;d , Aviation Historian and Author
 I read this book on my husband 's suggestion and liked it a lot , even though military history often leaves me cold . This book did n't , although I did shiver when I read about the horrible winter airlift attempted by the Germans in white-out conditions.I really enjoyed how literate the author was . So many writers today seem to have trouble telling a story and keeping it engaging . Mr Hayward had no such trouble . He 's a born writer , I 'd say.This is a long and very thorough book , but well worth ploughing through . I commend the author for bringing alive the dismal tasks their idiot leader Hitler expected ordinary pilots and soldiers to do.Yes , buy this fine book !
 I 've read a tremendous amount on the subject of WW II history , so very rarely do I read a book with anything new to tell me . This book is in that class and well-written too . The two points I found interesting were the discussion of the original focus of Hitler 's 1942 campaign in Russia and the first extensive history I 've read about the airlift effort to save Paulus ' 6th Army trapped at Stalingrad . He offers original research into 1 -RRB- the question of just who promised Hitler that the Luftwaffe could sustain 6th Army by airlift , and 2 -RRB- just how successful the Soviets were in interfering with the airlift . For anyone interested in the history of WW II on the Eastern Front , this book is a must read .
 In 1942 the German campaign in the Soviet Union was in big trouble . The Germans had fought off the Soviet winder offensive in 1941 but they had not been able to bring their force level back to the same levels as when they had started the campaign . The question was simply what could they do to win?Hitler with the support of the general staff decided on a strategic campaign . One that would aim at cutting Soviet industry off from its supply of oil and also cutting the major rail links . This offensive was given some assistance by the Soviets who launched and enormous and disasterous offensive around Kharkov freeing the way for the German break through.The Germans started to march towards Stalingrad and the Soviets waited . They thought that the Germans were going to attack Moscow again and that the German offenisve was a prelude to a swing north.The strategic reality of the situation was that the Germans put their armies deep in Soviet Territory were they were impossible to supply . In addition the Germans split their attacking force with the sixth army besieging Stalingrad and the rest headed off into the Caucuses . In reality the Germans had put their under supplied armies into a noose . When the German sixth army was surrounded they did not have suffucient fuel or ammunition to do anything but to hang on till an eventual surrender.This book is basically a re-writing of the campaign from the point of view of the German Air Wing . Some memoirs have come to light or alternately this is the first time they have been used . The diary in question is that of Richtofen the commander of air operations over the sixth army.The book is interesting as it suggests that the Germans could have used their air power to destroy the Soviet Oil production as the offensive brought them within range . However they failed to do so as they were confident of victory in the theatre and hoped to use the oil production themselves . -LRB- An absurdity as they had no possible way of moving oil from Grozny to Europe . -RRB- The book is interesting in a number of ways . The concentration on the importance of the air war is new . However in the past most discussions of the Stalingrad operation have been centred around discussions about whether Hitler acted rationally in not allowing the Sixth Army to stay put . This book explains the rational of the operation and talks in a realistic way about the supply and other problems which made the operation a crock from the start . Well worth a read .
 This is certainly one the most gripping stories of the Second World War . Using a vast array of primary sources and war diaries , including that of the famous Wolfram Freiherr von Richthofen , Hayward 's dramatic account of the 1942 German drive into southern Russia is impressive in its scholarship . Comprehensive scholarship combined with well crafted prose makes this a great read for anyone interested in the Second World War and , in particular , the fiery cauldron of Stalingrad . I do n't know of any other book on the Eastern Front in which combined land and air operations are so comprehensively detailed . This book has supplanted older narratives and analyses of the battle for Stalin 's city on the Volga River , and is an indispensable resource on my bookshelf . Thoroughly recommended !
 This book is damned good ! I was impressed by the fact that not only has the author meticulously researched his subject and treated every source -LRB- many of them used for the first time -RRB- in a scholarly fashion , but has also managed to place major historical events in a human context which the reader will relive with almost frightening clarity . For anyone interested in German campaign history this book is compulsory reading !!
 I have now read STOPPED AT STALINGRAD twice , and may well read it again one day . I am impressed by the fantastic research , the breadth of analysis , the originality of the arguments and the readibility of the text.This is the best book on a single air campaign I have ever read . While it is a tad too detailed in places , which one expects from an academic historian , it reveals so much that I did not know before -LRB- even though I though I knew a great deal about Stalingrad -RRB- that I ca n't help but be impressed.I have read books by James Corum and Horst Boog , who are the leading Luftwaffe historians in the world . Both scholars were involved in this book , according to the achnowledgements , which does n't surprise me . Hayward 's book is right up there with theirs.If you ever read one book on Stalingrad , make it this one !!
 The reviews of this book are uniformly good . The one interesting thing which the other reviewers have not alluded to is an examination of the importance of oil in the German and Soviet war effort and an analysis of the reason why Hitler struck off towards the oil fields in at Baku.The discussion of this subject made it possible to understand the dynamics of the tactics and one can now realise how close the Germans came to victory even though their forces were much weaker than in the previous summer .
 ` Stopped at Stalingrad ' is easily the best book to show in action the German concept of creating ` Schwerpunkte ' , single points of military focus . Stalingrad , as the writer shows , was never meant to be such a point . But Hitler made it one , and the rest is history.This book is the definitive chronicle and assessment of the Stalingrad air-lift , the greatest and most strategically important such operation in history.Why did it commence , only to fail so dismally ? This book explains for the first time in English and the best in any language.I am no more than an average student of the German language , but even I can see and feel impressed by the writer 's unprecedented use of original German archival sources as the basis of analysis . From records of the almost-unknown German Black Sea Fleet , to the documents of the Nazi state 's economics ministry , to the fascinating personal diaries of Richthofen , Milch , Fiebig and other officers , this book uses rare and sometimes never-before-used sources.I 'm persuaded by the writer 's argument that the German Heer -LRB- army -RRB- succeeded in reaching Stalingrad and deep into the Caucasus only because of masterly planned and executed ground attack , close air support and aerial resupply -- all by the Luftwaffe . I 'll never again be content reading the traditional army-centric portraits that the army was the main means of attack and the Luftwaffe was merely a weaker help-mate . Hayward firmly demolished that myth.I can not say enough about this heavyweight piece of military assessment . It has gained an outstanding international reputation as a must-have , cannot-do-without campaign assessment , and I can only state that this reputation is very deserved . A great read !
 I learned a lot about the Eastern Front Luftwaffe . It is as much a study in the personalities as it is a history , strategy book .
 You will not find a more diffinitive book on the Luftwaffe 's activites inoperation Blau . I was happy to see that the siege of Sevastopol was well covered , I have found so little information in other books about that epic siege . The book does a very good job in explaining the terrible conditions at the outlying airfields trying to supply the 6th army , the lack of fuel , spare parts and the horrific weather conditions.Hitler decided to try and take the Caucausas oil fields as well as Stalingrad . They had forces to take one , not both . They would have had muchgreater success if they had just bombed the oil fields especially Baku which represented 80 % of Russia 's oil . Army group A and B could have bypassed Stalingrad , cutting the Volga river traffic and with a pincer movement , enveloped the Russian armies coming to the aid of Stalingrad.Field Marshal 's von Bock and List did all they could and were treated unfairly by Hitler . This book is great in showing the leadership qualities of Wolfram von Richthofen , clearly the most outstanding Lutwaffe commander of World War2 .
 Another book on the great Nothingness and Oneness/God and Monism-and our realization of this and merging with it . The different methods this book used to capture the essence of Spirit were brilliant . Those would be
 The author uses many threads -LRB- Jung , Blake , Edinger , Jacobi , Mother Teresa , Esther Harding , Rumi , St. John of the Cross , etc. -RRB- to weave a simple , refreshing , mystical work . The Sufi exposure is a welcome addition for the Western reader in the journey along the alchemical path . The way of unity for seekers presents a challenge to those consciously pursuing the spiritual life .
 Every once in a while , a book is published that siginificantly advances knowledge . Thus , it is with great pleasure that I state that Dr. Nemata Amelia Blyden 's book is bound to be regarded as one of the greatest books on West Africa produced in this decade . This brilliant , synchronic , historical tour de force teaches us about the trans-oceanic migration of West Indians from the Caribbean to Sierra Leone in the decades after slavery was abolished in the British colonies in 1807 . Employing both primary and secondary sources , Dr. Blyden in the eight chapters of this book chronicles how the West Indians who immigrated to Sierra Leone during this period came to occupy numerous positions in the colony and the colonial administration ; how they became an important minority , albeit not always well-liked ; and the impetus for their power and influence . More tantalizing is how Dr. Blyden skillfully weaves together the economic , political , psychological and social contexts of the time -LRB- 1808-1880 -RRB- to tell this fascinating history in an interpretive style . In essence , any student of history and the social sciences should get a copy of this book . It represents effulgent scholarship
 I 've only been a Texas Rangers fan since 1994 , and my wife gave me this book as a present in 1997 . I knew the Texas Rangers existed before I came to live in the Dallas/Ft . Worth Texas area , but I never thought much of them . I did n't realize the characters and history of the team . If you 're a casual Rangers fan , or a die hard Rangers fan , then you should have this book . It 's filled with all kinds of informational pieces about the team 's history , going back to the early 70 's when they were the Washington Senators . Focuses heavily on the 1996 season in which they finally made it to the playoffs after about 25 years.As the Texas Rangers now move into the Alex Rodriguez era , the book probably could stand an update , as a lot has happened since the book was published during the 1997 season , but it 's a great read if you 're into team history .
 I 've only been a Texas Rangers fan since 1994 , and my wife gave me this book as a present in 1997 . I knew the Texas Rangers existed before I came to live in the Dallas/Ft . Worth Texas area , but I never thought much of them . I did n't realize the characters and history of the team . If you 're a casual Rangers fan , or a die hard Rangers fan , then you should have this book . It 's filled with all kinds of informational pieces about the team 's history , going back to the early 70 's when they were the Washington Senators . Focuses heavily on the 1996 season in which they finally made it to the playoffs after about 25 years .
 Eric Nadel may be THE best baseball radio broadcaster in the country . His Page From Baseball 's Past radio program is always interesting and this book follows the same pattern . A great book for the baseball fan and especially a Ranger fan
 Eric Nadel , one of the most informative and entertaining radio broadcasters of his generation , paints a great portrait of Rangers ' baseball and all of its oddities over 25 years . A must-read for any longtime Rangers ' fan !
 This book tells you just about everything you would want to know about the history of the Texas Rangers.Eric Nadel did a wonderful job writing this book.It has a lot of great pictures and is a prominent part of my Texas Rangers collection .
 This book provides an excellent history into the Texas Rangers franchise , with plenty of great stories , color photos , statistics and commentary to help a reader learn all they need to know about the team . There is an emphasis on the 1996 season , as this was the Rangers ' first ever playoff season , and the book brings back fond memories . Eric Nadel is the radio commentator for the Rangers , he does a great job with his broadcasts , and puts in terrific work with this book.I have been a Rangers fan since 1991 , which much to my amazement , amounts to nearly 20 years . I was in school during the 1996 season , and though I no longer lived in Texas , I followed every Rangers move that I could . This was back before cable television offered baseball viewing packages , so I had to make due with only watching a few Rangers games each season , and listening to the rest by internet radio or other means . The 1996 season was a lot of fun and a real payoff for longtime fans.This book is broken up into sections , starting with the 1996 season , then going back to the beginning and moving forward chronologically with information on each season . Only when reading the full chronology does one develop a full appreciation at the futility that the Rangers went through before breaking through in 1996 . The book closes with a section full of statistics for every Rangers player . It is an excellent `` coffee table '' reference book that you can pick up , read a portion , and then put back until you feel like looking something up or reading some more.It 's been awhile since 1996 , and I believe I read somewhere that Eric Nadel said he would consider doing an update to the book if the Rangers ever made the World Series . Well , after a miserable stretch in the 2000 's , the Rangers finally look poised to contend again . If things go well , the Rangers may finally win a playoff series , and this book will have an update .
 The Rangers have a very interesting and colorful history . Unfortunately , not much of it positive . Nadel fills in all the blanks that existed from the Rangers formative years , stories that were too sensitive at the time they occurred , i.e. Rogelio Moret 's mental illness , something that was never addressed in the papers of the day . I assume the Rangers had a say in the editing of this book and I commend them for not trying to make Nadel whitewash the team 's history.This book is where history begins and ends if you follow the Rangers .
 This book tells you just about everything you would want to know about the history of the Texas Rangers.Eric Nadel did a wonderful job writing this book.It has a lot of great pictures and is a prominent part of my Texas Rangers collection .
 I buy Wiley 's guide every year and always find her to be right on the money when it comes to rating the rides , recommending hotels , and giving tips on extras like how and where to meet the characters . What separates this book from the other Disney guides is that it 's realistic ... the unoffical guide lays out a itinerary that would kill anyone with kids and the official guide is all sugary and light , never telling you how to handle the crowds and the heat and all the other things that are just a factor when you 're at Disney World . Wiley hits the middle ground - she 's positive and obviously knows -LRB- and loves -RRB- her stuff but she 'll also give you the facts .
 Since we take so few vacations , I like to make sure they 're planned well so everyone gets the most out of them . I bought 3 Disney books -LRB- Unofficial Guide by Sehlinger and Birnbaum 's 2001 edition too -RRB- but this is the one I found most useful for planning a trip with a 4 & 6 year-old . The tips saved us $ 1000 on room costs alone ! The reviews of the Disney and off-site hotels offer useful details not found on websites . The excellent ride reviews feature details to help parents determine if it 's too scary for your child -LRB- tells you if dark , noisy , surprise elements , etc -RRB- - not just a generic `` may scare children under age 5 '' warning . The book is fun & easy to read ... and with her realistic advice for visiting Disney with kids , you 'll have more fun and be less stressed-out on vacation than if you did it without her book .
 I bought the 1999 version and am about to order the newest edition . I had not been to Disney World in 12 years so I had no idea on what to do and where do go . The book was right on about every detail . I especially like the ride advice for little ones and the hotel recommendations . If you are planning a trip , buy this book first !!!!!!!!!!
 I have a three year old daughter , and this book was a tremendous help in planning out trip to Disney World . It told us when and where to find the characters -LRB- a BIG item for planning the days -RRB- , what rides to ride first , and most importantly , the information about FastPass . I highly recommend the book to anyone taking kids to DisneyWorld .
 We 're gearing up toward a Disney World vacation late this August , and have relied on this book thoroughly . It is n't the most comprehensive book , but it offers lots of good advice . Good thing for any travelling family .
 As you see from most of the reviews of this book it is an excellent source of information . As the author notes , the level of enjoyment of your trip is directly related to the amount of research you do before your trip.In addition to being a great source of information before we left , it was a great read on the drive to Orlando . As parents , so much time is spent on the planning that the joyful anticipation of the trip is often left to the kids . The more we read and closer we got , the more excited we got.One personal caveat that is inferred in the book , but not stated expressly is that the Disney experience can be lost on young kids . Our six-year-old had an absolute blast , our 31/2 - year-old was a bit tentative about the characters and some of the shows , but our two-year old was scared by the characters -LRB- I do n't think he understood that they would be life-sized -RRB- and the shows created sensory overload . Several parents of young children we talked to said they would not repeat the experience with a child younger than four . We heartily second that .
 We used this for many months before our vacation last year . It was almost drenched with highlighter markings long before we left for Florida . When we got there , it was like our Bible as we toured the parks . It has everything you need to know for Disney and beyond . Her sense of humor is most amusing and she does let you know where to eat without losing your mind or cookies with toddler in tow . So buy it and then keep it , because you will write notes in it and after your trip it will become almost a souvenir of sorts with all your little articles and receipts etc , tucked away in side . You will look through it a year or two later and laugh at your comments about whatever you were thinking at the time . We had teenagers and toddler and everything worked out great , she has some real tips that do everyone good , not just the kids . Mom and dad wo n't lose their mind trying to please everyone . We are heading to Universal as well this year , so we will definitely be buying her Universal book .
 We were looking for a book with information about the Disney Crusie Line with children . We are taking our daughters -LRB- 9 and 13 -RRB- on the Disney Wonder in February 2001 , and we were looking for some insight that our travel agent could n't give us . This book explained everything from check in at our Disney Resort to boarding the ship ... it also explained all the activities available for our children and the dining schedules . I definately recommend this book to anyone who is looking for the same information that we were looking for !! -LRB- or any information on Disney with kids !!! -RRB-
 This is a great book , fun and full of significance . I can still see the main character riding his bike `` Bice '' and feel his loneliness . Very ironic the way in which the author describe everyday life
 I have used this text for approximately a year and found that the students are able to comprehend geography better with a systematic approach than a regional one . One of the things that sold me on this text was the auxillary material , particularly the webpage . The book is very easy to read and has excellent illustrations and photos . Needless to say , I highly recommend this text .
 I used this product for my World Geography course in college . A decent text book and a lot cheaper than what the college store was asking for . A few typos and a few wrong facts but other than that a pretty good text book .
 I teach the class & we use this text . I wanted one that I could mark up and put notes on . This was a real bargain . The cost was more than 1/2 of what the school 's whole price was .
 pretty good text book . just like any other text book though , it 's over priced . still need it though , it 's helpful to have .
 Great product . Now I 'll be able to study for my final exam andNot worry about depending on others to help me study .
 Book arrived in good contition as described and in the time indicated . Very happy with the service . I would use them again .
 It provides the basic information in regards to introducing the conceptual ideas about geography . I wished at the end it would have some type of self quizzes or something for review purposes , but nonetheless , it provides what I need .
 product came in , my dorm mail people just had it in back and did n't inform me via e-mail or phone or mail .
 Book was as stated , very smooth transaction , and an awesome price on book that blows college bookstore out of the water ! ... . thanx
 I ordered this book for school and expected to get the book within a few weeks . I received the book less than a week later ! The book was in the same condition that was listed . I would recommend this seller to anyone needing textbooks at a good price .
 This book is clean and intact , barely looked used ... was delivred faster than the expected time ...
 very quick service ... no waiting time ... received before the actual arrival time ... thank you so much and i appreciate your business
 This is a wonderful book with bright cute illustrations and a good story . We got one with stickers for Christmas , it was a nice bonus . My son read it 250 + times in the past few years , he is growing up but the book never gets old or boring :o-RRB- thank you
 If you have never read Mercer Mayer start now , with this one and keep going . He is amazing . Kids and adults alike will love it !!!
 Mercer mayer knows how to create a great book with wonderful pictures for the children to enjoy as you read .
 All 3 of my children , ages 25 to 13 have had the Mercer Mayer books and loved them - I am now buying for my 3 year old grand-daughter , and she too loves these . I think these are a must for every child !
 I love these books and I 've started one of my nieces on the little critter series which she is loving . Especially when she sees a small mouse of something in the corner of the picture , she thinks it 's really cute and funny .
 It 's a fun , snowy day at Little Critter 's place and a day off from school means lots of time for snow fun . Little Critter wants to build a snowman , but finds himself being asked to do just about everything else instead . Little Sister wants to have a snowball fight , his friends want to go skating and sleeding -- will there be any time to build a snowman?This is a great picture book that captures the fun of a snowy day . The illustrations are brightly colored with pleasing color choices such as deep textured blues and pinks . Various animal characters in the scenes such as birds and mice add plenty of visual interest .
 My 21/2 year old loves the Little Critter books ! They hold his attention while teaching lessons .
 Litter Critter tells about all the things he did on a snow day while trying to find time to make a snowman . Every page is a joy , not just the first time it is read , but multiple times after . There is a spider and mouse on every page that silently tell a story of their own , which adds much to this adventure . We especially enjoyed the spider making snow angels and the spider 's relationship with the dog.My kindergartner has been reading for three months , and Mercer Mayer is her favorite author . This book is just another example of the perfect balance between repetition and new word introduction . It teaches like a classroom while feeling like recess .
 This book was great . My three year old loves Little Critter books so much and this one was perfect for our winter season . Great price too .
 The Mayer book series is a great series for children , my son is going on 4 and just loves to read them with me ! They have combined a great story with a lesson ... for this book he eventually gets to build his snowman - patience & choices ... . My son has almost all the books and I highly recommend them !
 Really a cute story . I absolutely love all the Little Critter books . You ca n't go wrong with any of them .
 My Granddaughter just loves these stories . They are just long enough that he does n't loose her attention . Would recommend them to everyone !
 How perfect for the kids in Colorado ! Every generation in our family grew up with these books and adore them . Glad we found them in the early 1970 's !
 This series is great ! My daughter and we love it , so we keep getting new ones ... This book seems to be newer , printer on thick , glossy paper . It does make the book more durable but it just does not feel the same , it lost it 's authenticity .
 The whole Billy and Blaze series is wonderful . This book is my son 's favorite . The story is about how Billy takes Blaze on a ranch vacation . They see a wild horse they name Thunderbolt . None of the grown up cowboys can get near him . Blaze and Thunderbolt become fast friends . Eventually Thunderbolt follows them home , jumps in the corral with Blaze , and becomes friends with Billy . Billy is the only person Thunderbolt trusts and eventually lets Billy train him . Billy goes home from vacation with a beautiful new horse and Blaze has a best friend . My son was facinated by the friendship between the horses and how a boy could train such a big animal . The illustrations are beautiful and my son loves them .
 Fun books for their illustrations and not their writing quality , the Billy and Blaze series were always at the top of my list growing up . This book was my favorite ; in it , Billy and his dependable ride Blaze find and slowly befriend Thunderbolt , a beautiful mustang running free in the wild west.Although poorly written , these books were fascinating to me as a girl and fed my imagination . Any young horse lovers will eat up the vivid black and white drawings that tell the quaint stories much more eloquently than the rather dry words.To read more of my children 's book reviews , visit larsenreviews.org .
 All of the Blaze books are truly wonderful for all kids , boys and girls . We also love the drawings . They are gorgeous ! We recommend this series to everyone .
 In my opinion , the entire Billy and Blaze collection is nice for the whole family to enjoy . Children ages nine and under might enjoy these stories the most . Perhaps , children age 10 and up may find the reading and stories too simple . However , I enjoyed reading the stories with my children -LRB- ages 2 - 7 -RRB- , and they thoroughly enjoyed the stories as well .
 C.W.Anderson makes a kid fall in love with horses . My grandkids love the story . Book was in good shape and I received in a timely manner .
 Blaze and ThunderboltMy 4 year old boy and I really enjoy the adventures had by this boy and his horse . The old fashioned black and white or sepia drawings are well done and fit the `` old west '' theme . Some stories have a slight hint at danger , but everything works out . There is a forest fire , a mountain lion , a wild horse . Billy is a problem solver . So far we have read 6 books in this series they are all very good . We recommend them .
 C.W. Anderson wrote a wonderful series of books about the adventures of Billy and Blaze . I read them as a child , probably more than once , so I bought the entire series to read to and give to my horse-loving granddaughter and grandson . These books are classics .
 We use many of the `` Blaze '' books in our tutoring program for at-risk kids . The boys identify with the character in the books and this interest keeps them reading to find out what happens .
 My 5 year old twin boys have just begun to enjoy this series of books after reading two of the Billy and Blaze books saved from my own childhood . I decided to complete the collection for them and have bought all the other books . These classic boy-and-faithful-horse-adventure stories have a timeless appeal that have been a joy to revisit for me and to discover for the first time for them .
 I started reading Cassie Edwards books this yr . I was into the Harlquin Super Romance Books and believe me , I havent picked one of the HSR books up since I first read this book . I have since got my mother and my best friend reading these books also . We swap books so often and everytime we see a new book by Cassie we grab it . She is an excellant write that I would not mind meeting and telling her in person that her books have touched me and my family . My love for my husband even grew stronger by the love the Indians show . I am working on my heritage -LRB- Cherokee -RRB- as we speak . Keep up the great work Cassie
 1877 - South Dakota to MissouriCassie Edwards ' love for Indian romances is very apparent ! I get the impression her heart and soul is poured into each romance she writes . THUNDER HEART like her others , is a revealing , honest , and romantic look at Indian history.Thunder Heart 's band has been named Musti-Ponca -LRB- Warm Ponca -RRB- because the white man has moved his tribe to Missouri . On the trip his loss was tremendous , and now as they sit and wait on the white man , his chieftain father and his people are ill . Dede and her son Johnny first learn of the Ponca 's existents when they hear the haunting songs of the tribe . Bill who lives with Dede in name only is out to seek revenge on the Indians for his painful loss . As he and others make destructive plans against Thunder Heart 's tribe , Dede makes plans of her own.Ms . Edwards paints the canvas of her romance with some colorful characters , interesting historical facts , and a steamy romantic moment or two .
 `` A luminously dark tale of and for our times '' -- Jose Arguelles ; a novel set in the mid 20th century in the Great Smoky Mountains of Southern Appalachia , with a brief throwback to the legend of an 1830 murder incident , many modern incidents and fleshed-out characters . A very interesting book ; at one point the scope reminded me of les Miserables . I found it more gripping than even Cold Mountain .
 This revised edition of THE WEED & THE WINTER SOLSTICE corrects 104 printer 's errors in the Limited First Edition , which is now our of print . If you are lucky enough to own a copy of that 1st edition and would like to make a handsome profit on it try offering it on bibliofind.com at 5 times what you paid for it . SWIFTER THAN EAGLES , the author 's nonfiction novel , was recently offer there at 6 times the original price ; it did not stay there long . Since the reviews for this revised edition of THE WEED & THE WINTER SOLSTICE are not in , as of this date , we quote here some reviews of the Limited First Edition . Jose Arguelles summed it up neatly , calling it simply `` A luminously dark tale of and for our time . '' WEST COST REVIEW OF BOOKS said this
 My children love this story ! On Halloween night the story follows a a human family and a monster family who live next door to each other . The thought of monsters living next door to us starts the giggles rolling !
 As a little girl , my dad would take me to the library and I would always search for this book because I love ice cream so much!Ice Cream 's for Rosie became a favorite in my collection ! When I got older , I had forgotten the exact name of the book and searched frantically for the name . Fortunately for the library , they keep great records and found the name of the book and I was able to read it once more ! I recommend this book be reprinted and sold worldwide !!!! Such a wonderful story ! Ronda Armitage has such an amazing imagination !
 I have fond memories of my father reading me this book before I went to sleep . It slowly grew into one of my favorite books . I would recommend it to anyone . You must read it !
 Being a goalkeeper in the US , this book was `` scripture '' to me . I was taught the `` ART OF GOALKEEPING '' by someone who loved it just as much as I came to love it.This book was written by a goalkeeper who wants to make sure that other goalkeepers will know how to conduct themselves in the six yard box . Take in as much knowledge as you can . Most goalkeepers are quite old before they 're considered done .
 This is a fantastic work , sweeping the cultural heritage of British Wicca into an encyclopedic volume . Every paragraph brims with valuable references and insights.The book spans several hundred years of the literary and artistic traditions that made possible the formation of our modern faith.Ronald Hutton combines excellent scholarship with a truly sympathetic attitude toward modern earth religions . He rightly challenges the pagan community to grow away from dependence on pseudohistory . It 's time we learned to be proud of our true roots , and turn this pride into a new movement of rich cultural development .
 Anyone who 's done even a small amount of research on Paganism , Wicca , or Witchcraft knows that Gerald Gardner took a very small amount of information and built on it to develope a brand new religion . Ronald Hutton shows where nearly every tiny detail of Gardner 's information originated . From theories , ideals , principles , and facts he shows how Modern Witchcraft/Wicca came to be.He is a scholar and historian , rather than a Wiccan trying to prove the `` authentic ancient heritage '' of Wicca . He not only proves that Modern Witchcraft/Wicca is not ancient , he also proves that this lack of antiquity is completely irrelevent to the viability of Gardner 's new religion.Anyone interested in Modern Witchcraft/Wicca or any form of neo-Paganism should read this book . He provides a list of sources and resources that an average person could barely make it through in a lifetime . Nearly anything you 've ever seen in print regarding Modern Witchcraft/Wicca can be proven or disproven through the sources and resources he sites . Truly an amazing resource for any serious Witch/Wiccan or Pagan .
 Excellent overview of the history of Paganism . The paperback is in horrible fine print , though . This should be on every bookshelf , as it dispells myths while humanizing the myth makers .
 FINALLY !! A REAL historian who writes from a position of sympathy towards modern witches and pagans while unceremoniously debunking most all of the pet fantasies held by many feminist oriented authors today . Of course , I do n't agree with ALL of what he says here , but boy did he ever open a can of worms and make me think ! I am so glad this book is out there and hope that it finds its way into the syllabus of some of the Christian colleges . I know ... but we can hope , right ?
 Answer
 ... if you are truely interested in witchcraft . It tears apart the myths of wicca . This book is not for those who want to bask in a romantic vision of coven witchcraft nor for those who would have it that solitairy witches are the true inheritors of age old pagan practices.What it does leave intact is a history about humans who tried to break free from religious and social doctrine . Humans that created an inspired practice of modern pagan philosophy and practice . It is also a study into the dynamics of religious emancipation with all it 's - apparently unavoidable - hiccups.I loved this book . It 's managed to combine a critical look at the faulty wiccan construction of it 's own history with a respectful and sympathetic handling of wiccan spirituality .
 The print in the paperback edition is agonizingly small . Try and find a hardcover copy if you like your eyesight . Maybe it 's just me , but I 've read a lot of books , and for this one I literally had to refocus my eyes to pick it up and put it down .
 I have been a member of the pagan community for over 10 years , and I feel that Hutton has a better grasp of modern paganism than many neo-pagans and wiccans do ! I wish pagan writers would do the kind of in-depth research that was done to produce this book.It is the first true history of Wicca that has ever been done ... until now all we 've gotten were the ridiculous myths and old sacred cows which should have been put down years ago . Here is our history told as it was , not as we might wish it to be , and I for one appreciate the factual account . Hutton is extremely sensitive and sympathetic -LRB- even supportive -RRB- of wicca as a valid relgion - and he is respectful to all of our founding fathers and mothers . He has obviously given great care to his research and respect to the pagans he contacted . I am astounded at how much he genuinely seems to like our religion and our people.Every pagan should own this book , and every trad leader and hp should have this on their required reading list .
 I liked the book in many ways , but I was disappointed in his logic in the chapter about Ceremonial Magic and the Golden Dawn . One of the main thrusts of his book seemed to be that British Wicca was first deconstruction of the magic/religion dictotomy ... and that this did n't happen with the Golden Dawn because it was a `` magical '' organization as opposed to a `` religious '' one . Albeit it was a different kind of magic ... more theurgy as opposed to thamaturgy , but still not `` religious . `` I ended up more in conflict with Hutton on this , but I found the other aspects of the books more rewarding . The other part of Hutton I appreciated was his discussion of why research in this field is so difficult -- that the closer you get to the present and away from Medieval and Renaissance magic and witchcraft , the tougher it is to function without access to private libraries.There are some practitioners who would disagree with his views on topics such has pagan notions of `` sacrifice '' - but the jury is still out on many of these issues , and there is still no clear consensus between practitioners and scholars on how to map many common religious notions , such as `` sacrifice '' onto Wicca .
 Anyone interested in Paganism , Witchcraft , or Wicca really should own this book . I can not recommend it highly enough . It is fluff-free and academically , though not poorly , written .
 The world still awaits a truly comprehensive history of Neopaganism . Margo Adler 's estimable DRAWING DOWN THE MOON is perhaps the closest approach to date . With THE TRIUMPH OF THE MOON , British historian Ronald Hutton has raised the bar for future efforts both in terms of depth of research and genuine insight . Though his book focuses on the antecedents and development of British Wicca , it contains a wealth of material to any reader interested in Neopaganism.Hutton is something of a bte noire for many Wiccans and other Neopagans after his iconoclastic PAGAN RELIGIONS OF THE ANCIENT BRITISH ISLES , particularly for his corrosive attacks on Robert Graves and THE WHITE GODDESS -LRB- however deserved they may have been -RRB- . Hutton 's work is , nevertheless , grounded in substantial research -LRB- as befits a widely-published historian -RRB- and a generally non-judgmental tone . Hutton continues his no-stone-unturned approach in this new book , but departs from simple history to offer rationales for the viability of Neopaganism as a religious path , even given its apparent twentieth-century origins.For many Neopagans outside of traditionalist Wicca , the book 's focus on Neopagan Witchcraft -LRB- and in particular on Gerald Gardner and Alex Sanders -RRB- may render its iconoclasm old news . Hutton 's research only buttresses the deconstruction of Wicca begun in the '70s . Hutton 's gift , though , is to go beyond the first order deconstruction and find unexpected bits of information amidst an impressive array of personal papers and museum holdings . For example , most informed readers will already be aware that `` Old '' Dorothy Clutterbuck , Gardner 's supposed initiatrix , was shown to be a real person , after years of argument to the contrary . Hutton demonstrates , however -- and rather conclusively to my mind -- that `` Old Dorothy '' could not have been the person who initiated Gardner and he points emphatically to another woman who may have been hiding behind a smokescreen of Gardner 's creation . Similarly , Hutton is not afraid to take on the now-taken-for-granted notion advanced by Aidan Kelly that the ritual nudity and scourging involved in Gardnerian Wicca were simply manifestations of Gardner 's personal sexual kinks . Hutton ransacks Gardner 's personal collection of pornography to refute this -- and offers suggestions as to the real roots of these practices.The book is of greatest interest to the general -LRB- read , `` non-Wiccan '' -RRB- Neopagan reader in two regards . First , Hutton clearly demonstrates that the cultural roots of the Pagan revival lie embedded in the Romantic movement , particularly in Romantic Era poetry . The real forebears of the movement are seen to be , not Leland or Crowley -LRB- though both are examined and acknowledged -RRB- , but poets like Keats , Shelley and Swinburne , who first identified the feminine divine with Nature and who repopularized the use of classical Pagan deities like Diana and Pan , often against critical resistance . The way in which Hutton tracks the passage of these motifs from literature into religion is fascinating.Secondly , and perhaps more importantly , THE TRIUMPH OF THE MOON represents a scholarly book by an apparently non-Pagan historian -LRB- unlike Adler -RRB- who is willing to see past the herd of sacred cows he is slaughtering to point out the transcendent values of Neopaganism -- Wiccan or otherwise . He is careful throughout the book never to reach categorical judgements against some deeply-held beliefs , even where the evidence might strongly point in that direction . And , in the final pages of the book , Hutton sets aside the persona of the dispassionate researcher to advocate for pagan witchcraft as `` a full-blown , independent religion , '' one `` which deliberately draws upon ancient images and ideas for comtemporary needs , '' a protean faith which `` takes ideas from many sources and applies them in many -- and often constantly altering -- ways . '' Hutton hinted at this favorable sentiment in PAGAN RELIGIONS OF THE ANCIENT BRITISH ISLES and it is to his credit that he is willing to expand upon it here.Even speaking as an initiate in one of the traditions critically examined in the book -LRB- `` 1734 '' Witchcraft -RRB- , I recommend it highly .
 Hutton has written a book that truly needed to be written , unlike the vast majority of texts on the history of modern pagan witchcraft , for and against . In essence , Hutton is n't for or against ; he 's an historian . This approach may well annoy those looking for support for their beliefs , of course , but for those interested in a dispassionate account , this is the book to buy.Hutton really starts with the eighteenth century , with Masonry , `` cunning men '' , and other magic-workers of various kinds . He discusses these folks as sources for the later witchcraft revival , and gives his sources scrupulously . He then moves on to the nineteenth-century `` occult revival '' , which is only rather sketchily handled , and to Gardner and the whole complex from which he arose.Next , Hutton discusses Gardner in considerable detail , considering the whole `` Dorothy Clutterbuck '' problem and the whole complex of the first Wiccan covens . It seems not unlikely that this discussion will infuriate those who do n't want to think of Gardner as a spiritual ancestor for their modern practices . At the same time , it 's likely to tick off those would-be `` debunkers '' who want a lurid account of Gardner the evil sex-maniac . Overall , I found that Gardner came off rather sympathetically , which surprised me.For me , the best thing about the book is the discussion of the extension of Wicca past Gardner 's own influence . For example , I tend to associate the rise of Neopaganism with liberal politics , given the strong affiliations with the rise of feminism , ecological activism , and a kind of back-to-the-earth approach to collapsing the modern military-industrial dominance of -LRB- especially -RRB- American economics and politics . But Hutton demonstrates that in the first half of the century , in England , Wicca was very much a right-wing movement , not entirely divorced from movements like Baden-Powell 's Boy Scouts and the Kibbo Kift . The transition from right to left , concurrent with the switch from one side of the Atlantic to the other , is fascinating , and deftly handled by Hutton.I suppose the book is somewhat dense , if you 're not used to mildly academic prose , but by academic standards it 's pretty breezy reading . The book is quite accessible , as it is carefully indexed and Hutton makes clear what he 's doing and why . If you are interested in a fairly direct , straightforward history of Neopagan witchcraft , this is a great book.You will hate this book if :1 -RRB- You are absolutely certain that Wicca is a surviving ancient pagan religion , continuing underground despite centuries of oppression ; or2 -RRB- You are absolutely certain that Wicca is a load of nonsense , made up by some foolish sex-crazed women , which offers no spiritual rewards to anyone with half a brain.You will love this book if :1 -RRB- You are willing to read some rather dense , careful historical prose , in a mildly academic style ; and2 -RRB- You would genuinely like to know a good deal about the ins and outs of the origins of the modern pagan witchcraft revival , and how it has developed over the last century .
 Hutton , for those who have n't read his work , is a British historian whose previous major work has been several works on Charles II through the Glorious Revolution ; as well as The pagan religions of the ancient British Isles -LRB- about the documentable religions and religious practices of pre-Christian Britain -RRB- , The rise and fall of merry England
 I can not recommend this book highly enough . It will give you all the details on how Wicca came to be created in the mid-twentieth century , based on literary , artistic , and academic fashions , the practices of fraternal orders and occult societies , old and new folk customs , and other cultural roots -LRB- real and imagined -RRB- going back to the 1700s . Hutton leaves no hope for those who wish to believe in a constantly existing Pagan religion in Britain or in a connection between the early modern witch trials and Paganism . No one can claim to be knowledgeable about the true history of modern Witchcraft who has not read and carefully studied this text.This meticulously documented book pounds the final nails into the coffin of the claims Gardner made -LRB- and others inflated -RRB- that Wicca was an ancient surviving British Pagan religion of Witchcraft . None but the most stubbornly fundamentalist of Orthodox Wiccans can deny it any longer , though they have continued to try.Hutton 's work supports and amplifies the research into Wiccan history that I and other modern writers have done over the last thirty years . Indeed , the chapters in my book Bonewits 's Essential Guide to Witchcraft and Wicca on Gerald Gardner and the birth of Wicca owe a great deal to his clear exposition of complex details.Every Wiccan should have this book on their shelves.A PS for 2006
 Finally , a historian has written a book that details the origins of modern Witchcraft and Wicca . And said historian actually did a great deal of research and backs up his thesis with factual , primary source material , as opposed to the usual fantastical wish-fulfillment claptrap that many Neo-Pagan authors use to support thier pet theories regarding the history of Witchcraft.Some people will be disappointed in this book , no doubt , for nowhere does Hutton mention an unbroken lineage of Witches that stretches beyond the burning times far into the dim reaches of matriarchal prehistory where all the women were strong , the men were beautiful , and the children were peaceful and never hit each other over the head with rocks whilst playing oppressive , competitive male-oriented team sports.What this book does detail is a plausible explaination as to - why - modern Witchcraft would arise at all , and how it fits into post industrial society . I can not praise the fact that Hutton does n't only delve into the history of Witchcraft , but he shows us why it is important in the first place , and what it has to say about society as a whole , and Neo-Pagans in specific.The book is well-written , if densely packed with information . It is not an easy read ; if one skims , one is apt to miss essential details and lose sight of the myriad threads that Hutton traces in his search for the warp and weft of Witchcraft today . I took my time reading this book , savoring it with rhapsodic glee
 The Pagan community has needed a book like this for two generations now -- scholarly , erudite , respectful , and documented well enough to meet academic standards rather than the standards of the popular press.A friend of mine bought it for me from the UK a few months before it came out in the States , and I have n't put it down . I have n't chased down footnotes with such vigor since I got out of graduate school.My only regret is that this book is an academic 's research -- written for other academics . It 's hardly dry for academic historians and folklorists , but I wonder how accessible it is to the lay audience , who need it most .
 Wow , do I know I lot of people who need to read this!Someone , and a respected historian-someone at that , has finally done it - and I only hope that there is more to come!I came across this book in a university course and I can only say that I am deeply grateful to know that something like it has finally been written . Why did n't anyone mention it to me before huh ? - I thought this was bound to be a standard work on every Wiccan 's , Witch 's or Pagan 's bookshelf , right next to Margot Adler 's `` Drawing Down The Moon '' ! Hutton 's book is an in-depth study of the backgrounds , origins and development of modern Pagan witchcraft . Although it mainly focuses on Britain and on Wicca , it certainly provides a lot of `` where-from '' information on Neo-Paganism in general as well.The first part of the book - `` Macrocosm '' - is a thorough study of the larger context , which in 1800-1940 Britain made it possible that something like Wicca could evolve . It deals with Romantic literature , archaeology , the ` cunning folk ' and popular ` low magic ' , European learned ` high magic ' , folklore , secret societies , Theosophy , the Order of the Golden Dawn and Freemasonry etc. etc.The second part - `` Microcosm '' - deals with the actual development of Wiccan traditions as they are practised today , starting with Gerald Gardner , then moving on to other important figures -LRB- such as Doreen Valiente etc. -RRB- and describing the development of other Wiccan traditions and also assumedly-independent-from-Wicca witchcraft traditions . Hutton also acknowledges the importance of the USA and how Wicca was greatly changed by the left-wing feminist attitude of American practitioners.Although not written academically dry it is certainly no light read , just because of the sheer mass of information it includes , but it will be worth the effort , trust me.Seldom have I read a book so packed full of things that I have always wanted to know and wondered about . I even know my share about Freemasonry now ;-RRB- . The enormous research behind it and excessive end-notes satisfy even my sceptical mind . Hey , finally someone tries to PROVE what they are saying ! It is therefore also a great sourcebook and basic work for further studies of your own.However , for those who firmly believe in an unbroken continuity of Wicca from before the burning times , it is certainly a challenge , because Hutton does away with this theory most thoroughly . - But he does so in a very kind way , showing that there really is no need to justify a perfectly acceptable modern religion by means of these `` ancient roots '' , and that , even if modern Pagans do pick and choose from actual older sources & religions ; , they are creating something uniquely modern , but nonetheless perfectly valid in the process.The only two drawbacks are the tiny tiny tiny printing in the paperback , which has me longing for the hardcover edition - hopefully printed larger so that I can read it again and again without needing a magnifying glass or ruining my eyes.The other is that for someone completely new to the subject it is probably sometimes hard to understand what it is all about , especially since Hutton includes so much detailed information.If you 've never heard of modern witchcraft , Wicca or Paganism , read `` Drawing Down The Moon '' first - then you can truly enjoy `` The Triumph Of The Moon '' .
 Hutton has performed an outstanding service to scholarship with this study . Avoiding politics and polemics , he provides the historical roots of a phenomenon clearly of recent invention . Pagan , Druidic and Wiccan organizations dwell on their roots from a distant past . Hutton shows their origins are in more modern literature and structured on organizations such as the Freemasons . There are , he emphasizes without rancour , no truly verifiable ancient origins for modern witchcraft . Although some readers may be deterred by the scholarly tone of this work , it is precisely Hutton 's detached view of these social phenomena that has been lacking . He has filled a long-vacant niche and done it gracefully . More importantly , he 's given us a valuable history that will endure.The underlying theme is clear - the claims of modern pagans , `` wiccans '' and other occult groups to clear roots deep in prehistoric times is invalid . Hutton 's research reveals the creation of various gods and goddesses arose from 18th Century literature . None of the Enlightenment or Romantic era writers used valid sources to claims that Pan , Diana or other `` natural '' deities persisted into modern times . All of the themes of `` earth '' or `` cosmic '' religions resulted from some disaffection - usually , but not always , with rigid Christianity . These literary creations found a ready readership , usually among intellectuals , later with a wider public , disillusioned in no small part by the social disruptions of industrialising Britain . A `` return to nature '' and its fabricated deities was an alluring solution to perceived woes . The pivotal event in translating this literary background for modern audiences , of course , was the publication of James Frazer 's `` The Golden Bough '' . Given the paucity of substance in that book , it 's astonishing to learn it remains in print.As Hutton leads us through the groves of literary invention , he frequently points out the brambles encountered . It 's easy to become ensnared by enthusiasm replacing scholarship . Phrases like `` without sources '' , `` no research '' and `` leaping beyond evidence '' occur with depressing frequency . Yet note the lack of `` fabricated '' , `` contrived '' , or `` invented '' . Hutton is at pains to show that however ephemeral the origins , these writers , and their avid readers , firmly believe in what they say . What they believe in appears to vary with each individual , but that seems to be the nature of religions , ancient or modern , according to Hutton . Pan , for example , is mischievous , diabolical , sexually rampant or idyllic in turn as successive writers portrayed him over the decades.The research underlying this study is staggering . Over fifty pages of annotated bibliography plus numerous interviews and personal correspondence support this work . He even manages to work in The X-Files and Terry Pratchett 's Discworld series ! Hutton 's crowded reading schedule offers a hedgehog of pointers for the interested , but the book must be read closely to determine which are worth following . Some sources are more noteworthy than others , of course . If modern Paganism can be said to have a `` founder '' it is in the figure of Gerald Gardner . His writings , most of which fall into Hutton 's scanty resource base category , initiated the wave of pagan witchcraft active in Britain and America today . Hutton shows how , despite schisms and divergences , Gardner 's idea crossed the Atlantic to find ready acceptance in North America . There , merged with radical feminism , it not only took root , but rebounded across the sea to reinvigorate the British pagan movement . However , lack of cohesion leads Hutton to view it as having a `` luxuriant complexity '' . Hutton is at pains to avoid blemishing his study with `` reactivity '' or `` reflexivity '' . The former , he explains , is influencing the beliefs or behaviour of those under study . `` Reflexivity '' is what the historian undergoes when examining his own motives and reactions to the information acquired . He steadfastly rejects the second while striving to minimize the first . It 's a difficult balance , but he has achieved both successfully . The only real shortcoming in this book are the typos - jarring in a work published by an academic press . One might like some illustrative material to break the monotony of text . He also fails to list any Web sources . Even with the vaporous nature of Internet sites , some of the organizations he cites can be found . None of these limitations fail to intrude on a worthwhile and important study of an overlooked phenomenon . -LSB- stephen a. haines - Ottawa , Canada -RSB-
 Ronald Hutton 's Triumph Of The Moon is an excellent historical study and exploratory overview of Wicca . Since its history is an extremely volatile and complex subject , in his preface Hutton is wisely modest about the present limits of the information available to scholars and the scope of his abilities and intentions-no promises to absolute knowledge are made . Hutton clearly realizes that his subject is a matter of belief and faith to Wicca 's adherents , and therefore his careful conclusions are largely relative and theoretical . His writing style is plain-spoken and academic , his approach studiously matter-of-fact throughout.Since he is a historian and not a psychologist , Hutton steers away from any investigation of the archetypal witch image as a apparent constant of the human psyche and condition , focusing instead on whatever traceable elements of a genuine ` witch tradition ' and survival existed and exist in fact . Considering that witches appear both everywhere and nowhere throughout history , Hutton pulls off a remarkable piece of speculative detective work . He remains uncommonly fair and open-minded throughout , considering all claims equally and going so far as to express that he does not deny the possibility that the gods and goddesses of Wicca-including Pan -- exist objectively . If this is a simple placating measure , Hutton handles it with aplomb.The author states that the most important argument of his book is that Wicca is the result of a combination of cultural forces and undertones that have developed in England since 1800 , including the Murray thesis as a erroneous theory and modern myth rather than as a hypothesis having any basis in fact.But it 's not difficult to believe that some remnant of pre-Christian religions existed in dynamic form during the Middle Ages , continued to be practiced and came to be identified as witchcraft by the dominant Christian establishment . This proposed pagan religion-presumably some form of nature worship-may have not been a focused , formalized religion in fact , but something more akin to Ireland 's ` fairy faith ' - a powerful belief system that took a wide variety of forms in diverse parts of Europe.Since veneration of different aspects of nature as a means of insuring a bountiful harvest seems to be a fairly common and probably spontaneous phenomena among man when in the early stages of development , why should some trace of this not have continued into the Middle Ages among agrarian people ? Murray may have been all wrong in her both carefully and carelessly built-up specifics , but at least partially correct generally . Though Carlo Ginzburg was apparently unclear about how or if to link his discovery of the benandanti in the Fruili region to Murray 's thesis , the example Hutton gives of the century-old witch community on the Welsh island of Mon is fairly impressive , especially since he is able to identify at least three other ` pagan witch traditions ' older than and apparently independent of Gardnerian Wicca.Among those who helped produce ` the pool of ideas and impulses ' which led or may have contributed to the formation of Wicca are key figures James Frazer , James Michelet , Margaret Murray , Charles Godfrey Leland , Samuel Liddell Mathers , Aleister Crowley , Gerald Gardner , and Dion Fortune , each of whose work Hutton carefully considers.Hutton clearly loves his subject ; the reader senses that no one would secretly enjoy discovering solid proof of a pagan survival of this kind more than he . His sympathy , however , never compromises his rigorous scholarly standards . This is a cautious , well-considered and erudite book that should educate most and offend few .
 As several people have already said here , the incomparable Ronald Hutton has done the Pagan community an immense service with _ Triumph of the Moon _ . Indeed , he achieves the near-impossible
 ... is that there is much less to it than meets the eye . This book is a brilliant scholarly study by a fine professional historian . This is important because much of the attraction of witchcraft or paganism , both to its adherents and to the wider society as a whole is that it appeals to deep intutions and fears about history and the past . Whatever happened to the pre-Christian religions of Europe ? Are there people who consciously worship the Devil ? Is there a continuous history of pagan religion that has lasted to the present day ? What were the deep roots behind the savagery of the witch trials?It is one of the invaluable merits of this book that Hutton answers these questions , which are , respectively , it died out , no , no , and not misogyny . Hutton shows considerable sympathy to the modern witches and pagans . Without them , after all he would not have been able to write this book . Yet Hutton is quite thorough that their main belief , that they are reviving a pre-Christian past that in some way or another is superior to Christianity and to our modern society , is false . '' ... the unique significance of pagan witchcraft to history is that it is the only religion which England has ever given the world . `` Some historical context is needed , and Hutton provides it throughout the book . In the 1920s Margaret Murray came out with the thesis that the witchcraft trials of the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries were actually directed against a real religion , an organized Pagan religion which was the common religion of Europe that underlay a superficial Christianity . Associated with this view and slowly developing later was that the witchcraft trials were savagely misogynist attacks against women . This view has been the backbone of pagan propaganda for decades and it is only now changing because it is increasingly clear that it is untrue in every major respect . To argue that there were really witch ceremonies , Murray deliberately excluded all the supernatural elements in the trial testimony , making it look more sober and rational -LRB- and non-coerced by torture -RRB- than it really was . Contrary to myth , 9 million women were not burned , but only 50,000 people in total . A majority were women -LRB- though in some areas of Europe most were men -RRB- , but contrary to myth , midwives were not specifically singled out -LRB- indeed they helped to look for suspects -RRB- , and many of the poor isolated people accused were themselves denounced by women . The idea that people were only superficially Christian is clearly inaccurate as scholars such as Christopher Haigh and Eamon Duffy have shown the strength of Roman Catholicism before the Reformation and its hegemony -LRB- scholars have also shown that the oral-literate distinction has been much overstated in modern England . -RRB- Hutton is quite good on how folklorists saw customs that clearly developed in the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries to be pagan revivials . He points out how the distinguished archaeologist of the Baltic , Marija Gimbutas , became so obsessed with the idea of a Pan-European Goddess religion that she ignored that the supposedly `` Goddess '' English superhenges were actually a thousand years later than the supposedly `` patriarchal '' Irish Linkardsdtown cists that supposedly replaced them.But Hutton is more than a debunker . The first half of the book goes into detail about the wider cultural influences that encouraged a revival of Paganism in 19th and 20th century Britain . He discusses as part of the decline of Anglicanism how even rather stalwart figures like Kipling and H. Rider Haggard looked to something more exotic . He discusses the enthusiasm for Pan and the belief in a primoridal Goddess . There is a very useful chapter on the origins of freemasonry , which should be read by all those who believe the myth that Jack the Ripper was somehow involved with the Prince of Wales . He also provides a chapter on cunning magic and low magic -LRB- were cunning men and white magic representatives of a pagan religion . Short answer
 This was an excellent historical work on modern Pagan Witchcraft . It does tend to focus on Wicca , but it does also talk about Druids , and non-Gardnarian Traditions . If you know nothing about Wicca , I recomend you start with another book , or the very last chapter serves as an excelent summary of what Wiccans belive , and though it seams weird to suggest it , you might want to read the last chapter first . Although the author is a historian and not a Pagan or a Witch , he remains respectful in his historical endevor . This book is an excelent example of how a new religion is born , and perhapse the only such history of the birth of a new faith to exist !
 Triumph of the Moon by Ronald Hutton ... When I picked up Hutton , the rather dry introduction was almost enough to turn me off . The man is not a Wiccan writer -- he is a historian ... and the intro had all the `` dryness '' associated with that subject.Once I began on the text , however , I was truly impressed . I had expected a `` history of the movement '' similar to Drawing Down the Moon -LRB- by Margot Adler -RRB- . Instead , this was an examination of the roots of the movement , and the things that influenced those roots.It is both readable and well-documented . Hutton takes a historian 's view -- starting not with Gardner , but with Byron -- following all the influences that led to the birth of the modern Wiccan religion . In the process , he sheds light on a number of `` mysteries '' that many people -LRB- myself included -RRB- had assumed would never really be solved.Not stopping with Gardner , he then follows the movement forward in time , introducing a number of prominent figures in the Wiccan world , and delving into their background , influences , and credibility , and showing how they fit into the `` big picture '' . In the process , he examines how American Wicca has grown differently than British Wicca , and the cultural reasons for those differences.In addition to being well-written , the book is well-documented . Hutton never asserts something as fact without telling you his source . -LRB- Too many Pagan books forget this basic rule . -RRB- If you had the time , energy , & resources , you could duplicate his research with the information he gives.He uses the facts to blow up a lot of cherished Wiccan myths , but he does so with compassion . And in such a way that you realize the myths are not necessary to follow this path ... and may even detract from it.I do not always agree with Hutton 's conclusions about the material he presents . -LRB- He tends to err on the side of acceptance , where I 'm a bit more hard-nosed . -RRB- And I hesitate to give any single source my full support . But until we have more work of this caliber , Triumph of the Moon should be on everyone 's reading list ... if only so that they get their facts straight .
 The Triumph of the Moon is the first full length and wide-ranging history of Wicca ever published . It is written by Dr. Ronald Hutton who is professor of history at the University of Bristol . Hutton has created the defining text on the subject -- his research is wide and well documented and his theories tend to be fair and carefully argued . In addition to providing a great deal of information about the immediate events surrounding Gerald Gardner and others , Hutton provides the essential historical , social , and cultural context into which Wicca entered the world . This text requires some patience and time to read , as it is long and comprehensive , but it is required reading for anyone deeply interested in Wicca 's history .
 I just finished reading this excellent book and was disappointed to see several negative reviews -- just because the font size in the paperback is small.As much as Mr. Hutton deserves his royalties , I recommend that you get the hard back -LRB- it has reasonable sized font -RRB- from your library and read this well-written , fascinating book . You 'll learn things about modern paganism and western culture that I do n't think you 'd find anywhere else.As there are nearly a hundred reviews here already , I 'll keep my comments brief -- or at least briefer than they would be otherwise . Each chapter is devoted to one element that contributed to the rise of modern paganism including Greek literature , the invention of `` ancient , '' secret societies , local practitioners of spells and curses , poetry , literature -LRB- and trashy novels -RRB- , scholarship , politics , and other elements . It could have been a dry , dull book of interest only to modern pagans . However , I had FUN reading it ; how often can you say that about non-fiction ? The author debunks a number of common ideas , so a modern pagan might -LRB- or might not -RRB- be disturbed by some of the information . -LRB- I myself was a bit disappointed in Robert Graves and Mary Daly . -RRB- However , I agree with the author 's statement that none of his findings invalidate the religion . I think that his research reveals how much our culture longed for and perhaps needed modern paganism.The subject was interesting -- but for me , how the author approached the subject was even more interesting . First , he spent years researching . Second , he treated the people and ideas with an immense amount of respect ; it shines through every word . Third , he was objective and fair ; he seemed deeply interested in the truth . Even when he had gathered and presented significant evidence for one conclusion , he did n't omit other possible interpretations of the same facts . Fourth , his thinking and analysis of ideas is so clear ; he 's able to discern problems in cases where I 'd never have seen them . I want to sit down with Mr. Hutton and discuss how he did his research and writing . What a scholar !
 Hutton has thoroughly done his research . There is a lot of information that is going to make a lot of Wiccans -LRB- and many Pagans -RRB- reevaluate the whys and wherefores of their beliefs . As a Pagan/Wiccan , I find this to be a healthy thing . Hutton 's research is definitely worth having in your library , even if it does challenge some notions many Wiccans have.In my opinion , this book is a must-have for anyone studying about Wicca .
 This book should be in every Wiccan 's bookshelf , and in every student 's first purchase box.That said , it is n't a Wiccan book.To put it bluntly , this is the book that serves as a sort of flashlight for any pagan research . Erroneous claims , fraudlent histories and silly ranting about who came first seems to dissolve like fog in the sun in its presence.Excellent for Wiccans and people wanting to understand them , perhaps not so good for those who capitalize on the frauds it exposes .
 So much information is within this book as to origins and influences on many modern-day Wiccan practices ! I 've recommended this book to many Wiccans and pagans , alike . I 've given it to several priestesses , and plan to buy more copies for others in the future . The information is sometimes astonishing , and always well-researched . As a Wiccan of over 25 years , I think it 's one of the best books on the subject of modern Wicca that I 've seen . A must for historians , students , and followers of the Craft .
 I have seen several negative reviews about this book , and that 's ok . some people do n't want to have their precious castles in the sky brought down to Earth . but for the rest of us , we have this wonderful book.I think the major advantage to this book is that it was written by a non-pagan . He can not be accused of revisionism , nor can he be accused of choosing one form of Witchcraft over another . He is outside the `` Witch Wars '' , and that helps him greatly . He is a historian with nothing to gain or lose from debunking the `` wicca-is-as-old-as-man '' myth . finally!Hutton discusses a number of names in the history of the Craft , both big and small . Gardner , Sanders , Crowley , Valiente , Murray , Graves . . none are immune from either Hutton 's praise or question . I suspect that what most people find so good about this book is the sheer number of people the author has spoken to in addition to the number of texts he has read.Several people have accused Hutton of tunnel-vision . here is my reply . if your idea of history is some pseudo-scientific drivel , you 're welcome to it ! Graves rewrote the myth of Hekate , Gardner borrowed whatever he could from every source availible to him , Leland may have been wrong and mislead a la Mead , and Murray made up a lot of her statistics and revised a lot of history . what disturbs these reviewers is n't that Hutton is right or wrong , but that the `` Gospel of Gardner/Leland/Murray / Graves '' has been challenged.it is about time that someone stepped up to the plate and gave the world a book such as this . new does n't equal bad , i do n't know why some of these reviewers are all wound up . my only complaint about the book ... Oxford Press
 Ronald Hutton is professor of history at University of Bristol , and quite possibly the foremost academic authority on Wicca -- modern pagan witchcraft . His hypothesis is relatively straightforward
 Hutton more or less aproached the book as an unbiased historian instead of going out of his way to critique Wicca . Although just stating the facts in itself makes wicca look silly . I 'd recomend reading this book . As much as I dislike Wicca the history and evolution of it is interesting.Wiccas roots are in freemasonry , crowleyish occult b.s and well meaning but flawed writers like Yeats , Frazer and Graves . Once you get past where its roots lie it gets even worse . Wicca has absolutely nothing to do with true Heathenry . Its more or less a bunch of made up crap . I look at Wiccans as borderline retarded goofballs and roleplayers . I do n't spend much time worrying or thinking about them , but I hate that most peoples perceptions of Celtic Heathenry comes from wiccan non sense and that they are making inroads into the Asatru community .
 This was an amazing booking . Very insightful and accurate . I would highly recommend this to all my friends who share the same belief as I do . I would also recommend this for anyone doing religious studies .
 I have not finished reading the book . I have , however , found it hard to put down . It was engaging , comprehensive and enjoyable to read . I heard this book recommended by sales people in my city Halifax.It is without a doubt informative and accurate in the history of Witchcraft . I know it was preferred over other books on the history of Witchcraft .
 This is a masterful work of scholarship that examines not only the history of Modern Pagan Witchcraft , but also the social factors that led to its emergence . Every Pagan should read this book .
 I bought this book to see how Hutton had connected the older traditions , not to read about Gardner and his ilk , which Hutton spent a little too much space on and that is my opinion and I am welcomed to it ! However I thought that it was well done considering the immensity of the topic . There is quite a good amount of info on the old village healers , pellars , `` white witches '' -LRB- yes , damnit this term has historical origins before 1940 -RRB- or whatever term was applied locally . I was disappointed about some of the information however . Hutton states that village healers did not attempt to cure fatal illness , that is not entirely true . Hutton also proves what some had already known , there were people who practiced and still DO practice Pre-Gardnerian traditions . -LRB- i.e. Andrew Chumbley ! -RRB- Guess what ? The Older Traditions practiced quite a bit of what could be called `` Christian Magic or `` Witchcraft '' . This little `` revelation '' will surely be a kick in the pants to some , as will other bits of info . that Hutton has written about . Read this book only if you want to have factual information . If you want to hang on to fantasies , Victorian pedophile fairies , puffy dragons and other froux - frouxs , then you probably ca n't muster up the courage for this one . Some people will be angered by this book and say that Hutton is just a musty old historian , which of course is the unscholarly type of person , who chews gum with open mouth and has a void expression on their face , without cessation .
 Hutton pulls no punches when analyzing the origins of modern paganism and witchcraft . He is a forthright historian , and realizes that their are holes in the story , which of course will lend itself to further historical study . As a historian , he is serving the truth by searching out the record and putting it into a cohesive whole . He , as well as other historians , will have to take the story forward from the point where this book leaves off , but it is an excellent begining to the story.Hutton may not be correct in all of his analysis and synthesis , but he is an honest `` task master '' . This book can not be ignored by either pagan nor non-pagan . It 's analysis of British Witchcraft origins is to be commended , and hopefully , equally relevant works will be published concerning such orgins in other countries . Such `` other works '' may illuminate the whole structure of paganism and thus enhance our understanding and appreciation for the pagan world view.His analysis of modern witchcraft and it 's practitioners is enlightening and revealing . So many of these practitioners are still around and it might be hoped that an historian exists , or one may be found presently training in graduate school , who would be willing to consolidate their thoughts on their own origins which could be left for those who will live after them and would like to know their thoughts on the matter.Hopefully , books like this may clear our minds about our own pagan origins and allow us to go forward with knowledge as a tool , rather than ignorance as a bliss .
 Ronald Hutton really knows his subject , I highly recommend this book to anyone curious about Paganism . This book is a great read !
 A good and detailed history of Paganism and Witchcraft , in the frame of Modern Age , at the Great Britain.Dr Hutton shows facts , events and persons whose help to `` delivery '' Paganism and Witchcraft to Modern and Contemporary Age . He agree more or less with Jeffrey Russel and Brooks Alexander that the modern paganism and witchcraft would be a religious movement fostered by de historical romantism . But the process of History ca n't be framed without any source of influences from previous facts , events and persons.But even then , it is a book that every pagan , witch and wiccan must to read .
 From the second page of the preface , when Hutton states , `` If it -LSB- neo-Paganism -RSB- is the child of any single phenomenon , then it is the belated offspring of the Romantic Movement , '' I was entranced . This book offers a beautiful argument on how the style of British Romanticism underlies the growth of neo-Paganism , just as it chronicles the growth of the contemporary neo-Pagan myth . -LRB- Note
 This book has made me rethink everything I have ever taken as `` fact '' regarding to Witchcraft . Published in 1999 by the Oxford University Press , this work is clearly held to very high academic standards . The book is divided into two sections , Macrocosm and Microcosm , with subdivisions including `` Finding a Goddess '' , `` Finding a Folklore , '' `` God -LRB- and Goddess -RRB- Parents , '' `` Gerald Gardner , '' `` Old Craft , New Craft , '' `` Uncle Sam and the Goddess , '' and `` Grandchildren of the Shadows . `` I mention the above to illustrate the wide context in which this book operates . It not only is interested in historical research devoted to what today 's witches term `` the burning times , '' but also to the development of the modern witchcraft movement begun by Gardner . The manner in which Mr. Hutton presents the material is both academic and yet is readable -- he clearly states when his opinions are just that -- undocumented assumptions based on reason , versus that of proven ideas , thesis , etc. . The earlier chapters are a little difficult to `` wade through '' at times , but the book is more reader friendly with each chapter.The reason Triumph of the Moon is so unique is because it provides facts little known to the general public that refute earlier research on the Witch Trials of the past as well as claims that the Wicca of today is a direct descendant of ancient pagan lineage.Although Mr. Hutton does not align himself with Wicca , Paginsim , or Witchcraft , he has been allowed to study , interview , and even circle with over 21 covens in England.This book is a must read for every Pagan , Wiccan , Witch or anyone interested in history . This is what history books should be printing
 Once I recovered from the eye strain at the tiny print , I realized I 'd just read an earth shattering book on Wicca and Witchcraft . Taken in hand , with all the books with bad history , this book fixes them all . Just rip out the history section in every book you have and glue this book in its place.It is unapologetically Modernistic , with the sources to back it up.EXCELLENT , really , EXCELLENT .
 Triumph of the Moon by Ronald Hutton to my mind is an essential read for any practicing wiccan or witch . It 's a historical book of two halves . The first half is an exploration & history of the facets that make up modern pagan witchcraft , such as the Goddess , the God , cunning folk , high ritual magic , secret societies , paganism etc , then the second half is an account of how the different strands came together . It 's the first proper scholarly investigation by a respected historian , and helps avoid the pitfalls of false histories etc.It can also be used as a springboard by reading the works cited in each part so as to further an understanding of the Craft . For example , I 'm currently reading Agrippa 's Three Books of Occult Philosophy , which is the book that Francis Barret ... create The Magus -LRB- which I have already read -RRB- , and these together with Crowley 's Magick -LRB- Book 4 & Magick in Theory and Practice , which is also well worth reading ! -RRB- give a good basis for understanding the symbolism & reasons for certain ritual practice . By understanding the philosophy it also helps to create more effective ritual oneself -LRB- although I 'm more spontaneous than planned ritual in general -RRB- , and helps an understanding of the occult/esoteric/hidden laws of nature.I particularly agree with his comments that when Wicca was shown to be a modern development most people started to jump to `` Traditional Witchcraft '' etc , claiming it to be older in provinence , when it is blatantly obvious to anyone who has looked at the evidence that it has just as few roots in the past as Wicca.Triumph of the Moon , although historical in tone , is still sympathetic to Witchcraft & its practitioners , pointing out that it is a valid independent religion -LRB- and discussing why -RRB- , not a cult , sect etc , that its modern origin makes it no less valid , & does n't attempt to discuss whether spells , healing etc really work , only that people use it & there are cases in which the intended result seems to have occured.After reading it , although the romantic notion of an age old religion will be shown to be a fantasy -LRB- which deep down most people already suspected -RRB- , and that it is a modern synthesis of older & new ideas , I for one found myself feeling better than ever about being a witch .
 This book is widely criticized ; it seems that it has hit a nerve with some Pagans who believe , or want to believe , that Gerald Gardner revealed to the public a religion which had survived in secret since the Stone Age . -LRB- The other night I attended a Pagan gathering , at which a locally respected elder insisted , angrily , that the Druids were practicing recognizable Wicca in the stoneworks of Newgrange . -RRB- However , this book dispelled a completely opposite illusion from my mind . I had long suspected that Gerald Gardner had been a `` dirty old man '' , who used a cursory knowledge of ceremonial magic to create a religion whose sole purpose was to get young women to disrobe for him . And that it took the timely arrival of Doreen Valiente to turn Wicca into an actual religion rather than just Gardner 's personal fetish party . Hutton bursts that bubble as neatly as he bursts the `` ancient survival '' theorists ' bubble . I came away from this book with respect for both Gardner and Valiente , as well as several other prominent early Wiccans , and even a bit of bemused affection for Aleister Crowley.Hutton shows that Gardner was n't passing on an ancient tradition , but also that he was n't just making it up out of nowhere . He traces Wicca 's roots back to Romantic literature -LRB- no wonder I like paganism ! I love the poetry -RRB- , Masonry , cunning craft , ceremonial magic , spiritualism , and other fields . At the time Wicca was presented to the public , certain factors made it precisely what made sense in the culture of the times . From there , Hutton follows Wicca to the present day , and the forces of politics and psychology that have resulted in the Wicca we see today . -LRB- And he even mentions Rae Beth , my favorite but somewhat obscure 101 author . -RRB- Through all of this history runs a current that I do n't think I 'm imagining . I could be wrong , but I feel that between the lines of this scholarly , intellectual text is a deep interest and fascination with Wicca . I can almost see , in some places , where the author 's enthusiasm almost breaks through the cool , collected prose . To those who say Hutton is hostile toward Wicca , I think you 've missed that undercurrent . It bears mentioning that Hutton took flak in the scholarly community for his sympathy toward the Wiccan religion.This is a mature , intelligent book about the origins and history of Wicca , and I believe it marks a rite of passage for the religion as a whole . This is , finally , a book we can hand to our curious friends , and say , `` This is where I 'm coming from , this is what we 're about '' , without embarrassment . This book made me more proud to be a Pagan than I 've been in a long time .
 First , what this book is : ... a long , exhaustive and highly engaging look at the social changes in England during the Romantic era , their influence on poetry and the interpretation of history , and how these attitudes , as well as the influence of secret societies like the Golden Dawn and Freemasons , contributed to the notion of witchcraft as an ancient fertility cult , and why and how this notion was brought to the forefront when , in 1954 , a British civil servant claimed he had discovered a survival of this cult in New Forest , and published what were suposedly its inner secrets.What this book is not : ... an attack on the credibility and intentions of Wicca 's founders by a disgruntled accedemic hell-bent on `` exposing '' Wicca as a religious and historical farce within the context of an accedemic study . `` Triumph of the Moon '' represents to date , the only book of its caliber to take an in depth look at the history of pagan witchcraft not only from a historical point of view , but from a sociological and literary one as well . What we find when all is said and done is a book that will strengthen and solidfy the Wiccan beliefs of some , as it finally gives them a complete and coherrent historical account of their beliefs not intended to defame them , but to reveal Wicca as a religion born of poetry , literature and mysticism . For others , it will signal a death nill , as an -LRB- almost -RRB- irrefutable refutation of the , now discredited , notions of antiquity , ancient matriarchy , and survival -LRB- `` the burning times '' -RRB- that many fundementalist Wiccans are still trying to sell to the public , and which serves as a lure for many new adherents.As a historical textbook , it 's no less riveting . No other book so accurately , and with such detail , examines and interprets the goings-on of the occult community prior to , and during Wicca 's compilation in the 1950 's . The sheer cast of characters alone is staggering . -LRB- ... -RRB- If there is a flaw however , it is that Hutton is too nice . The only author who he genuinely downplays and criticizes is Margaret Murray . And while he is quick to point out the errors and misrepresentations made by Wiccas founders -LRB- Gardner , Valiente -RRB- and the authors who contributed to it 's source material -LRB- Graves , Frazer -RRB- , he most often does this while attempting to isolate and play up their better points and/or best intentions . Which brings up another potential flaw , that he is too kind to modern pagans as well . In the chapter `` Coming of Age '' he describes Wicca as a religion rapidly maturing , and its adherents increasingly tending to disregard Gardner 's story , the Murray thesis , and the erroneous myth of the burning times . Perhaps this is true in England , but in America , the inqueries made in the 90 's into both pagan Wicca and its historical claims , and the dissapointing -LRB- to believers -RRB- conclusions made by these inqueries , have only served to divide serious Wiccans into bitter and opposing camps , with newcomers being totally clueless and their Wicca being almost entirely self-styled from fluffy Llewelyn books . Such individuals , sadly , make up the bulk of people calling themselves `` Wiccan '' at any given time these days . He also fails to mention most Wiccans ' -LRB- both camps -RRB- continuing hatred of the traditional , fairy tale representation of the witch , denouncing this image as a misrepresentation of `` true '' witchcraft . I would argue that this image is an intergral aspect of the folklore upon which Wicca is based on , and should be reverred and cherished as yet another level of the witch 's mystique . Most modern wiches are oblivious to this fact . My children are fed a steady diet of veggie burgers and the brothers Grimm , and I am pleased to inform you that they most assuredly believe in witches.Perhaps Hutton is working a little revisionist history of his own , bending the truth of Wicca 's current state to give an example of how Wicca COULD redeem itself if it wanted to , and exemplifying a potential path that Wicca , and neo-paganism might take in it 's long , hard road to accedemic and religious credibility . If this is his intention , then he proves to be Grave 's and Murray 's true heir in the developement of neo-paganism , using a bit of deception with the best intention of inspiring those who read it to do something new and positive . But as a testement to paganism 's , indeed growing , maturity , this time the deception is a conscious one , serves a specific and useful purpose , and everyone is in on it.Blessed Be . Yes , this review was written by a Wiccan.note
 I found this book very informative and accessible to read . It lacks the wild fantasy and highly incredible prose of the `` believers '' for or against Wicca and yet it contains respect for both . I wish I could find more books about religions out of the mainstream of christianity that exist in Europe and America that are as thorough and neutral as this one while not written in the dry tone of the `` scientific approach '' .
 Ronald Huttons Triumph is all inclusive
 Prof. Hutton has done a thorough job of looking at the British part of the neopagan equation . There is little I can add to the many excellent reviews here , except to say that this book belongs on the bookshelf of every person interested in the roots of neopaganism , whether armchair occultist , practicing pagan , or nonpagan trying to understand the origins and growth of such paths as Wicca.For those who may be uncomfortable or disillusioned by the historical evidence , realize that _ authenticity _ -LRB- the truth of a matter as a historical artifact -RRB- is not necessarily the same as _ validity _ -LRB- the practical side of truth -RRB- . Whether Neopaganism is a rebirth of an ancient truth or not , a tree is judged by the fruit it bears .
 This is a veyr detailed and informative history . However the paperback edition has miniscule print on low grade paper , so much so that it is hard to read for a long period of time . I would reccomend getting the hardback . The work itself is great and it 's worth paying the extra to be able to read it without needing aspirin on standby .
 Whilst some may find Mr Huttons Writing style hard to follow , the material is none the less exceptional as well as directly relevant .
 As a practicing Wiccan , this book has been a joy and a fascinating journey . Dr.Hutton has given the Neo-Pagan community a book that it has desperately needed for over 30 years . A sober , well documented account of the immediate roots of the 20th century neo-Pagan movement . He surveys the English romantic poets , German romanticism , British folk magic and the high ritual magic groups of the 19th century to provide primary documentation on the development of the emerging paganism . It is also a good antidote for those who claim that all modern occultism and the idea of Neo-Paganism started in the sixties as a hippy fad . We find here that ideas in witchcraft , Wicca and many New Age teachings go back well into the 18th century , and some to the Renaissance and the ancient world.The first part of the book , `` Macrocosm '' , is an overview of the period from 1800 to 1940 . The first chapter sets the stage for this by discussing the four different views of pre-Christian and non-Christian religions that were held by various people during the nineteenth century . Here he traces the emerging interest in reviving pagan ideas , which was one of these views . The following chapters examine specific elements of the movement , like God , Goddess , high magic , folk magic , witchcraft , and folklore . The second half of the book , `` Microcosm '' examines specific people and events in the development of modern witchcraft during the 20th century . -LRB- ... -RRB- It should be noted that this book does not give you spells or rituals . It is not a how-to book , but simply historic and cultural background . And it is written by someone who is not antagonistic towards Neo-Paganism . In the second chapter , Hutton declares that , although he is tracing the history of the idea of Goddess as taught by modern witches , this does not mean that a God and Goddess are simply ideas created by men . Indeed , he acknowledges that theological conclusions are outside the realm of a historian . He suggests that it is possible that the gods are simply reasserting themselves in people 's consciousness.But even this suggestion is not one upon which a historian can make an authoritative pronouncment.There are only two small flaws to the book . First , Hutton could have added one more chapter giving some better background on Hermetic philosophy , tying it into neo-Platonic theory and Gnosticism . Wicca is , after all , a form of Hermetic magic , but one that uses pagan principles instead of Christian principles like the Masons or the Rosicrucians . -LRB- ... -RRB- Also , I think Hutton gives too much credit to Gerald Gardner as the inventor of Wicca , whereas I strongly feel that Wicca was emerging for about 50 years before Gardner 's involvement . But Hutton does say that this is only a history of modern pagan witchcraft , not `` The '' history . But for now , it is one of the best out there for the practitioner and layman alike . Wicca does have a legitimate history and it is even more fascinating then the tripe usually found in modern witchcraft books .
 Mr. Hutton , as usual , does an excellent job of providing information about the craft as he knows it well . Easy to read and understand .
 This is a wonderfully well reseached and scholarly book . If you are at all interested in the topic , it is a must read . Although it was very dry in parts , it was well worth studying . It clears away nearly all the cobwebs that surround the topic .
 This should be the first book anyone interested in wicca should read . It got me running to other books to cross reference facts and I 've leaned so much while reading it . It 's not too dry and was actually fairly easy to read compared to other academic books I 've read .
 To the Pagans of the modernist movement - those that believe the power of our faiths is the POWER of our faiths , not the revisionist history some tack on to it like gold ribbon on a white robe , we see here our vindication . We 've been saying this for years , and if Hutton is WRONG , as some here have stated , surely someone can come along with source material and set him right .
 The Triumph of the Moon , by Hutton , Hutton is a British historian who has spent 10 years or so researching pagan history . He recent book deals with the social and cultural forces that led to the emergence of Wicca in the middle of the 20th century . He then chronicles the major trends in Wicca in the last half of the 20th century . In one chapter he discusses the Starhawk/Budapest feminist California liberal misandrist turn that paganism took in the 1980s . Hutton describes how their badly misandrist and overly emotional writing lacked any scholarly credibility , but nevertheless had a major impact of Wicca and paganism in general for two decades . With publication of Hutton 's book and others we are finally beginning to see some signs of returning to a more balanced pagan literature.His history is incomplete however , and he makes some of the same mistakes and assertions that he criticizes others for making . For example in the first half of the book Hutton extensively details literary references to witches and claims about historic roots . Many pages are each devoted to Margaret Murray and others . Then toward the end he waives off all of that in a page or two by simply asserting that it has been disproved . He provides nothing close to supporting data to demonstrate that claim . A few years ago I attended a workshop by Dolores Ashcroft-Nowikci -LRB- 21 books and other publications listed on Amazon -RRB- where she described in detail her study of an actual pagan village that kept itself hidden since the Norman invasion , and which had written records of village life since that time . According to Nowicki the village was finally over run by urban sprawl in 1990 but most of the residents have relocated to a new hidden village that still follows pre-christian pagan traditions . Nowicki says that her mother was born in the pagan village . Either Nowicki was lying to everyone who has attended her workshops describing the pagan village , or Hutton 's scholarship that `` disproved '' the survival of actual pagan villages is sadly lacking . I have also researched or become aware of several other pieces of information that leads me to believe 1 -RRB- that some of the historical witch trials and hangings were in fact people whom modern pagans would recognize as pagan witches , and 2 -RRB- that some family tradition witches were actually surviving pagan witches . Hutton asserts that all claims to any pagan survival have been disproved , and in fact are not possible , but he offers no proof and provides no data . A widely published author , Initiate Wiccan HPS , and leader of a Ceremonial Magick society in the UK such as Ashcroft-Nowicki can not be waived off by assertion without some evidence that her claims are false . My own family admitted to being witches at the Salem trials , but their stories have been deleted from current histories rather than researched and discounted . You wo n't find their names on lists of witch trial victims published in the last half century . Today 's historians would rather claim that all the witch trial victims were really Christians . That 's not scholorship , that 's just avoiding the disagreable facts.On the positive side Hutton does provide a lot of information about Gardner and subsequent Wiccan history . His observations about the state of Wicca today are interesting . I was especially fascinated by the discussion trying to fit Wicca into anyone 's scholarly classification system for religions and religious branches . Wicca , it seems , does n't fit any classification system and religious scholars do n't know what even to call it . I would recommend the book to all Wiccans and interested parties , but keep in mind that it 's not the last word on a lack of pagan roots .
 Amazing book tracing the evolution of the neopagan movement and a must read for intelligent people who are interested in the Wiccan religion . It may disillusion some of us who are laboring under the belief that we are `` hereditary witches '' or that modern witchcraft has a unified and unbroken heritage that extends back into pre-history . But for the truly dedicated Wiccan who has a hunger to understand and follow the historical threads , this is the book to read . If you still want to pursue Magic of any sort after you finish this book , then you will embrace the Call as a well-informed practitioner rather than just a game-player or poser .
 Having given up in defeat after attempting to wander through other alleged `` histories of modern Wicca '' that turned out to be nothing more than the author 's pet fantasies , I asked a well-known Wiccan author and teacher what would be her recommendation . She recommended this book . She was n't wrong.This book is every bit as good as the positive reviewers say it is , so I wo n't comment in that area . What I fail to understand is the vehemence of this book 's critics , especially those who seem fixated on defending their favorite authors . Hutton is not terribly kind to some authors , yes . But the negative reactions seem to indicate that some people take the words of those authors as a kind of `` gospel . '' Is that wise?What I do find fascinating is that even though some of the great sacred cows of Wicca/Paganism are done away with , other , even more surprising facts raise their heads . Why is it , for example that even in the most repressive of times , the Goddess will not be effaced ? If She will not be worshiped in the churches , then She appears to the poets of the Romantic era . A country cleric , for no good reason , becomes infatuated with Pan and erects a statue to Him in front of a church , simply based on a mis-hearing of the shouting of a group of villagers . There are many such oddities scattered throughout the book . Does n't it strike anyone else as very odd that the Old Gods and Goddesses keep manifesting themselves , in multitudes of ways , no matter what?The histories of the `` major occultists , '' are interesting , but behind Hutton 's exploration of the lives of people like Graves , Gardner , Crowley , Dion Fortune , Mathers , et . al. , there is a subtle running stream of continuity . The Old Gods manifest throughout Hutton 's history ; not in the traditional common ways that many Wiccans and Pagans were taught , but in even more mysterious glimpses , working through historical figures who have otherwise been forgotten , dropping hints and ideas in old books that somehow magically are picked up by the right person at the right time and read ... Perhaps in this book some of our Wiccan and Pagan idols are knocked off their pedestals . Some survive the fall and some do not . But if you look behind all this remarkable scholarship and read the facts that Hutton has put here , you find an astonishing record of how the Old Gods , working behind the scenes , continue to manifest themselves by any means necessary.Is this too religious a view of this book ? Probably . I 'm sure Hutton 's intent was never to show such things . But he has , will he or nil he . It 's there to be seen .
 This type of accurate scholarly work is so needed in the pagan community these days . Wicca , which is never to be confused with witchcraft , has it 's interesting inception unveiled here . Seems like an English nudist and former civil servant wanted to create a new religion . And to do so he used some already existing sources , and heavily edited others . Pretty impressive to create a new religion ; so I give Gerald and his folks their due . I find it sad that his creativity can not be applauded . Instead , some wiccans feel that validity is only to be found in being the one true and authentic remnant of the `` old religion '' . This is an important book in helping the new age community and the xtian fundamentalists finally `` get it right '' with their terminology . Witches do not practice wicca ; wiccans do . Maybe in a future book the author can explore where those two terms try to meet in the new reconstructuralist pagan traditions .
 This book gives a clear , convincing history of the development of the ` religion ' of witchcraft , showing quite clearly that the movement is 20th century in origin , and that extravagant claims about the antiquitiy of the religion have no basis in reality . Mr hutton shows that claims about the ancient origins of the witchcraft religion are nonsense , but he is always kind and polite , and never ridicules the beliefs of modern wiccans , he must be the world 's most tactful historian . An earlier review of this book claims to have attended a workshop by someone who says she knows of a ` hidden ' Pagan village in England , dating back to before the Norman conquest and only discovered in the 1990s . I do n't think this reviewer can ever have been to England . We are a very small country , with 9as P.J. O'Rourke puts it -RRB- ' A population density like Macy 's toy department at Christmas ' . There are n't any hidden Pagan villages here because there 's nowhere to hide them , okay ?
 Hutton has done the research I would have wanted to do in his place . He has sought out and carefully analyzed as many original documents as he could find and has united that with his understanding of the history of the English people -LRB- as opposed to battles , wars , fearless and fearful leaders , and economic revolutions -RRB- to produce the first honestly approached AND accurately documented analysis of Wicca . Hutton earned my respect in `` The Pagan Religions of the Ancient British Isles '' and my thanks with the `` moon '' . Best of all , this is not some sort of `` expose '' which hides an attack within -LRB- supposedly -RRB- historical explorations . Few Wiccans have treated the religion as a whole with the courtesy and understanding shown in this book .
 A lot of books on Pagan history have proven to be long on `` wishcraft '' and short on historical accuracy or scholarship . Origins of Modern Witchcraft by Ann Moura is a very recent -LRB- and perfect -RRB- example of this.Ronald Hutton 's Triumph of the Moon - a History of Modern Pagan Witchcraft , however , is a very different matter . It is a meticulously researched , however tentative , history of the NeoPagan movement , with a thorough bibliographical section to direct the reader to further study and research . He describes Wicca , or as he calls it Pagan Witchcraft , as an Old Religion/New Religion , uniquely English and European in origin , with many of its key elements and concepts coming straight out of the Romantic Era , particulary its poetry , and others coming from truly ancient sources.Hutton is not Pagan -LRB- he is a Professor of History at the University of Bristol -RRB- , yet he definately considers the NeoPagan movement worthy of more research and study , especially because , as he writes , `` it is the only religion which England has ever given the world '' While he is often quite critical in his examination of the major players in the development of the Pagan novement -LRB- i.e Gerald Gardner , Aelister Crowley , Margaret Murray -RRB- and refutes many Wiccan claims regarding the supposedly ancient origins of modern Wicca , he leaves no doubt at the end that Paganisn has evolved into a coherent social and religious movement , one that has moved far beyond what Gardener could ever have imagined , He concludes , `` Pagan witchcraft qualifies as a full-blown , independent religion . It is more than a shared set of stories , language , or images , and more than a common store of deities and texts . It has a common identity and a common institutional structure , of the coven supplemented by solitary practice of the same tradition . It is more than the veneration of a single diety or object , and has not seperated off from a larger religious body or movement . '' Hardly news to Pagans , but something that many Christian and secular critics of Paganism in the U.S. - including President Bush - have yet to discover.Triumph of the Moon sets a new standard for historical research into Paganism 's origins and its potential contributions to the world . It also serves as a call and challenge for more research . I recommend it most highly to both Pagan and non-Pagan readers .
 This is a pioneering work , the first history of the Neo-Pagan movement which -LRB- note Mr. Hutton himself admits the diffculty of the task -RRB- gives a full scholarly review of the Pagan movement , its history and the ideas and cultural background of its tenents . Outstanding !
 OK , it 's a cliche , but it 's true
 I loved this book - as a neopagan it gave me insight into how much of Wicca , and in turn , neopaganism developed . I realize it does only focus on Wicca itself and that there were several other movements contributing to the rise of Neopaganism , but the book 's title states the topic so no reader should be expecting much else ! On the flip side , because they helped contribute , Freemasons , Aleister Crowley , and others are covered even though they themselves were not Wiccan . Overall , excellent book , well-written , and a must-read for any and all people even interested in Neopaganism , Wicca , or modern witchcraft !
 I have a procurement and supply chain background and found this book to be quite interesting as it provides the technology and Internet face of the procurment and sourcing issues . The report covers a number of technology issues and appropriate eBusiness solutions for most types of procurement . The vendor index and their offerings at the end of the book was good to have . A good book to look into if you are getting into building or enhancing your procurement systems .
 This is a delightful book with a tender dialogue and gentle words thathelps young children to understand death . It 's a lovely book illustratedwith sensitive watercolor paintings .
 Read this book to my class because of a recommendation from our science program -LRB- FOSS -RRB- , and it was most appreciated by the students . We had a death in the mealworm community , and it greatly helped the children process the event .
 i was looking for a way to introduce the concept of death to my children prior to suffering an actual loss . The simplicity and elegance of this book moved me deeply . because i was not trying to address a specific type of loss , such as family or a pet , i appreciate the manner in which all life is discussed . the beauty with which it normalizes the cycle of life and death is extraordinary . i feel so grateful for having found this book .
 This is an excellent , matter-of-fact introduction to life and death . I even learned a couple things!It 's probably a little early -LRB- my boy is only 1.5 years -RRB- , but I wanted to try to get this topic -LRB- among others -RRB- out in the open from an early age . I guess I just figured that if the discussion was normal now , then it would be so much easier for him when he does have to deal with the death of our cat , or a grandparent , or anyone or - thing else.The book came in the mail last week so , before work , I sat down to give it a read . This book does do a wonderful job explaining how every life has a beginning and end , and how different lifetimes apply to different living things . It does say something along the lines of `` that may be sad '' to quickly address feelings , but it does n't harp on feelings.I 'm really glad I purchased the book . As mentioned , it leaves out the emotional bit , so there 's still some explaining to do when the time comes .
 I was given this book by a hospice worker to read to my son -LRB- then 4 -RRB- after the death of my mom . The matter-of-fact nature of the book helped him to understand , but it was somehow soothing to me , too . I had to return the book to hospice , but am buying a copy for our family to keep ...
 We bought this book for our then 2 years old daughter after our son was stillborn . It 's a very simple book that shows that death is natural and happens to every living being . I think it was a great book then and has become even better as she has gotten older . She is now almost 6 years old .
 thought well written , good `` cycle of life '' descriptions of things that children know about and can understand . Got for 2.5 yr old daughter who has lost 3 grand parents in the last year . Not sure she totally understands yet , but I think this is helping her to understand the cycle of life .
 This is a book I give to any student teacher who comes to my classroom as a parting gift . It is a gift any teacher should have if they teach young students . It shows how death exists and matters from the tiny ant to the adult grown up . It explains how everything has a beginning , middle and end . Lifetimes are just like that . It 's a very good book .
 The book is great . Just watch out for the shipping especially if you want to order more than 1 . You cant do it without paying double the shipping ... bad rip off .
 We used this book in every classroom discussion in our elementary school when we had a death among our faculty . It was very helpful
 My four year old liked this book . Not a ton of action so he only wanted to read it a few times but it was a great introduction to death when our dog died . It does n't talk about heaven or anything religeous - just a matter of fact book about how everything living dies and it 's a part of how the world works .
 wonderful pictures , well written , but seemed quite repetitive . i read this to me 35 Year old and it may have been to old for her
 Good book for talking to children about death . This book is wonderfully written and illustrated for all ages to understand .
 This is a beautiful book teaching young children about the natural process of death using nature . It shows a butterfly with a broken wing , leaves falling off a tree ect ... To make death less frightening.I would recommend this book for 21/2 to 8 year olds . This is a fabulous book !
 I ca n't begin to tell you how very much this book meant to me at the time of my mother 's death . I lost her way too early . During my questioning why , I came across this book . Reading it righted my world again . It 's simple language explaining life and death brought me peace and acceptance . I would highly recommend this book for anyone , 8 to 80 . Lifetimes
 This is on our recommended list , too -- a good way to explain loss to children.Again , I am nonplussed by the prices listed by various booksellers . Is this a scam ? This book is still in print and available in paperback for $ 12.00 to $ 14.00 new .
 I have a fairly extensive collection of books about death and grieving for `` my '' children , which we have used for the loss offamily , friends and pets . But this is the only book I regularly give copies of to families . The `` de-personalized '' way it talks about death , the universality of its text combined with soft drawings and repetition are very soothing . This is NOT a book about emotions or stages of death . -LRB- If you are looking for one of those Everett Anderson 's Goodbye is a positive place to start . -RRB- This is a book about the rhythm of life and death for all creatures , for everything that is born . One of the best parts of the book is its emphasis on what a lifetime is , and how it is framed by birth and death , and that inbetween those `` markers '' is what is important . It explains that different creatures have different life spans , and that this aspect of nature is neither fair nor unfair . It simply is.I do not restrict this book to times when a child is grieving , I include it in our regular reading rotation , so that the children see death as a normal part of life experiences . Death is so emotionally charged , especially for the grown ups , that having a calm book is especially worthwhile . When a child is actually grieving balancing the more `` intense '' books with this soothing one , does wonders .
 After losing my wife -LRB- 33 years old -RRB- two years ago , this was one of the books that was recommended to me ... . and I am glad I took the recommendation . This is a GREAT book for explaining the subject of lifetimes to children , especially in the 3-5 year old range.What is great about this book and something I did n't realize at the time was that lifetimes did n't have to only related to death of people . EVERYTHING has a lifetime and it has helped my daughter in many ways . A couple months ago , when my daughter 's balloon popped and she was very sad , she said `` Dad , I guess my balloon 's lifetime is over '' , and then she went to throw it away . She was sad but understood the concept that all things , living and unliving , have a lifetime . We still use the concepts today on a regular basis , and she still likes to read the book as well.HIGHLY recommended , even for those children that have n't had to deal with true loss or death yet ... at least in my opinion .
 I heard about this book and decided to take a look before I needed it . I know that eventually my child will start asking questions about death , and I 'd like to know what resources are available . I was particularly drawn to this title because it can be tailored to a variety of religious belief systems . I disagree with a previous poster who stated that this book teaches that there is no afterlife . The way I read it , the book does n't take a stand either way . Being `` alive '' on earth is not the same thing as `` eternal life '' in the religions I am familiar with . No religion I know of denies that earthly bodies are alive and then they die.I like the fact that this book compares all types of organisms from plants to animals to people . The concept of a life span ties it all together . What is `` in between '' the beginning and ending of a life is living . I appreciate that this book emphasizes the in between , and therefore strikes a positive note.I would caution against using this book as a regular picture book for toddlers and older preschoolers because it may actually introduce the idea of death before a child is able to comprehend the explanation . However , I think it 's an excellent choice for a child who is asking about death or who has recently experienced the loss of a pet , friend , or relative .
 This book would be effective for grief therapy and for teaching about life cycles . It specifically answers the question
 Lifetimes is a gently beautiful introduction to death and grief for young children . Ingpen and Mellonie show death as a natural part of the process of living for all creatures . They also affirm the reality and importance of death 's sadness , thus opening the way to healing.This book is among the most popular choices of staff and grieving families at the hospice where I work . Every child enjoys the book 's soothing text and lovely pictures . Even parents whose children have not yet experienced a loss might want to go ahead and get this book to help their children begin to build an understanding of the cycle of life.If your own heart is breaking , reading Lifetimes to a child will bring a little comfort to you , too .
 This book is wonderful for small children . I purchased it for my children -LRB- ages 7 and 5 -RRB- when we found out that their great grandmother was dying . It is very nicely illustrated and does not have any particular biblical beliefs that might be confussing to a child . It just explains that things begin and things end and the in between part is life . My children love this book
 Knowing and working with many young children , I have come to appreciate that there are certain concepts that we , as adults , tend to take for granted as being somehow obvious or , if you will , self-evident . One of these is the inevitability of death . Trying to explain death to a child - particularly to a very young -LRB- 2 - 4 year old -RRB- child can be an exasperating experience for even the most well meaning parent , teacher or concerned adult . Luckily , there is a growing body of literature , written to be looked at while being read to youngsters that simplify the essential concept sown to a level that can be understood by the child and will suffice until the child lets us know , through their ever more sophisticated questions , that they need more information . I have a collection of such books that I use and recommend to parents , where death has been a recent event in the family , for use with their children . This book by Bryan Mellonie and Robert Ingpen , is the one I most frequently recommend for use with this youngest group of children.Each page contains a minimum of words with an illustration on the facing page - of which there are only about 20 . Immediately , by design , the most common adult well-intentioned error is defeated
 This book is a `` life cycles '' book . In a simple , matter of fact approach you are taken through the life cycles of different creatures - starting with smaller creatures and working up to more complex animals including humans . The presentation style is geared for children and their perspectives . The story covers death through illness or injury as well . A wonderful way to introduce life and death issues to children who are grieving/preparing for the death of a loved one . The publication does not cover after-life possibilities or religous issues.Here is a list of excellent books designed to help explain death to younger children or to help them cope . Note
 After introducing the subject of death with `` Remember the Butterflies , '' I answered my daughter 's question , `` What does ` die ' mean ? '' with this book . Unlike the other books we read to process her grandfather 's death , she never wanted this one again , but it was very useful for answering that question . Its repeated message that everything alive dies , I think , gently but firmly leads to acceptance of this sad truth .
 I purchased this book for my 5 year old daughter based on the previous reviews . Although we have not had a recent death in the family she was struggling with the fear of death to come . This book helped calm her fears and gave her a different way to look at dying by introducing the idea of `` lifetimes '' of all things , not just people . I would recommend this book to anyone who needs help explaining death . It was a great help .
 I 've used this book twice to explain death to my 5 year old son , once for a pet and second for a family member . This book is very well written and easy for a child to understand . It was recommended by my childs teacher .
 This book simply explains the process of living and dying , by giving examples of the lifecycle of certain animals and how they eventually die . It could have had alittle more emotion , because there is always emotion connected to losing a loved one . Even children feel that emotion or loss .
 As advertised - great pictures , nice text , very use-able especially with pre-school kids -
 This is a really great book to get for children and to read to children . It explains life from birth to death on a level kids can relate to . When you are at a loss for words trying to figure out how to make a child understand , you need to read this book .
 This book helped my 5 year old a little . We need to read it a couple times . Thanks , it helped . He was concerned about dying .
 We had two beloved cats die during my child 's fifth year and I wanted a book that dealt with death frankly but gently . This book does n't promise eternal life or give any religious message . In several different ways and using different living things as examples the book communicates that death is a natural part of life . My girl has even requested this book a couple times at bedtime , which I found slightly surprising .
 Our family loves this book . I bought it for the 1st time 41/2 years ago when I lost my dad to cancer . My daughter was almost 3 . It explains death in a way young children can understand . Just recently I purchased this book for my friend 's children that lost their beautiful , young mom to lymphoma .
 I really liked this for my 2.5-3 .5 year old boy . It 's hard to find a non-religious/heaven/God book on death that is n't too `` adult '' . I like the repetition and the pictures especially . I feel like I actually get some comfort and understand about life -LRB- and death -RRB- from it myself ; -RRB-
 Very simply , with few words , this book explains that there is a beginning and an end . In the middle is life . Beginnings and endings are going on around us all the time . For plants , animals and humans too . Everything has its own lifetime , some short & some long.Doesn ' t overdo it in sentiment or with pictures . There is typically 1 pictured item per page , not a lot to look at . This is perfect for the premise of this book staying simple & too the point .
 I am a social worker for a child development program . A father of two of the children was killed in an auto accident . I was recommended this book by a co-worker . After reading her copy , I bought one myself to share with the family . The six-year old really enjoys reading it with his mother . Sometimes it leads to further questions about death and sometimes he can just leave it at that . What a wonderful book to share with children .
 Excellent picture book that explains the lifetimes of animals , plants , and people . It talks about the usual lifetime , but also explains that some lifetimes are shorter due to certain curcumstances . Esp . good resource to share in the circumstance of a younger person 's death .
 As a public school librarian , I would say that `` Lifetimes '' is an effective picture book for an adult to share with a child -LRB- or children -RRB- in dealing with the subject of death . However , as a person of faith , I would add that the scope of this book is limited to earthly life and therefore does not touch on the belief in life after death.The text states
 This is a wonderful book that helps explain death and loss to young children . It 's good for ages 4 - 8 . It gently explains that all things that are alive begin and end , inbetween is living . No mention of life after death , no religious overtones . `` No matter how long or short they are this is their lifetime '' . This is a must have for all households with young children .
 My Grandmother died on May 27th and since then my son who is just shy of 4 has been asking so many questions . We 've always used books as a tool for our discussions to help us explain things to him . I bought several books and even though they were good , this book was just the perfect fit for a 4 year old . It 's matter of fact , simple to understand - no hidden meanings or euphemisms . Now when he asks why a bug died we can say , `` That was HIS lifetime '' or when he gets upset and asks when our cat is going to die we can say , `` He 's still living in-between '' and he just gets it . I run an assisted living facility and am ordering it for my resource library so that the resident 's families can borrow it if necessary .
 This book was of a great help explaining the death of our children 's papa . All creatures/things have a life cycle . The illustrations were beautiful . Easily explainable to children .
 I used to think that there was no strategy , per se , to fishing a lake -- a big tub of water you trolled until you got an arbitrary hit.This book takes an almost forensic view of a lake 's features -- water layers , vegetation , etc. -- and shows how to read them and catch fish . It 's much more detailed than I expected and I came away with a real sense of how to find trout as quickly as possible .
 The typical flyfishing book concentrates on fishing streams of one sort or another . But trout lakes and ponds are often easier to find than good trout streams . Those who have spent any time fishing lakes know that there are some significant differences between the two venues . In this expansive tome Hughes covers stillwater flyfishing from top to bottom.The book is broken into three parts
 Well written has a lot of tips and information on the how to fish in ponds and lakes with flies
 I have read many authors on the subject of fly fishing . Dave Hughes is a great writer . He puts it in a language a beginner can understand . I am not a beginner but I really like to read his books . I had several of his books and gave them to our new county library . Then I missed them , so I went on amazon and re-bought several of them . Great service ! Would do it again . Tight lines .
 This is the author 's advice on going after trout in lakes and ponds . He notes , `` It might seem that the need for protection from predators could n't mean much when it comes to reading water and finding fish in lakes . But it becomes very important once you recall that you 're the predator . You have to get past a trout 's defenses before you can coax it to the fly and feel its weight dangling pleasantly in your landing net '' . Catching trout is tough , regardless of the circumstances . Even though they may have pea-sized brains , they 're wired for survival , and the fisherman has necessarily ceded the home field advantage to the fish . But in streams , the locations where they may be lurking can be easily spotted , water depth can be discerned , and the speed of the current requires the trout to make a fast decision to bite or not to bite . Furthermore , fish `` hold '' in preferred locations - you can go back to them again and again.None of this applies to fishing stillwaters . Think about it ; in an expansive lake or pond of uncertain depth the trout can move around at will . They can be here today , and gone tomorrow . They have all the time they want to study our carefully tied flies and detect any deficiency in form or presentation prior to pouncing . And they 'll use all their innate cleverness to full advantage in their effort to foil the fisherman.Hence the need for Strategies for Stillwater.Dave Hughes , perhaps my favorite fishing author , delivers a science that sets up the challenge
 This book has many wonderful pictures of trout in their natural habitats . It tells you all you need to know about bringing in trout in lakes and ponds . I am amazed by the quality of this book . It is a wonderful book that you wo n't regret to buy .
 `` Thine is my heart '' is an excellent devotional guide for daily reading . For each day of the year there is given a Bible reading and a paragraph of comment by John Calvin . The comments are taken variously from Calvin 's commentaries , personal letters , or from his Institutes.I have not been a big fan of devotional books like this because too often the Bible verse and the comments seem to have little in common . Not so in the case of `` Thine is my heart '' . In `` Thine is my heart '' Calvin 's comments are taken from portions of his writings where he is actually making an explanation or application of the particular verse for that day.I have found this to be a wonderful tool for our family morning devotions . After breakfast and before starting school we will read the appointed daily section , briefly discuss what lesson is to be learned and what we are being called to believe and then pray and sing.So , if you are looking for a helpful tool to promote family worship , or a devotional guide of individual use , or want to be introduced to the pastoral heart of Calvin you will find this book helpful.Makes a great gift .
 Calvin 's materials are becoming more and more popular . But where do you start ? I have most of his writings but I found this book to have a great breadth of Calvin 's thoughts and passions that stream from his heart . It gives a wide view of all of Calvin and yet it pierces the heart with God 's Word . My copy travel withs me .
 This is an excellent book on the amphibians , turtles , and reptiles of Maine . Great text , detailed maps , good photographs , up-to-date taxonomy , and adheres to standardized common names . An authoritative and easily-used guide that will serve well both North American herpetologists and the citizens of Maine . Highly recommended .
 I like these books a lot ! I wish some were not out of print !
 My mother brought the first book of the series with us as reading material on a 4 week holiday in Scotland . I imediatly fell in love with it and upon returning to Canada devoured the series . They are incredibly exciting and the series as a whole is a must read . I recommend them to anyone who wants a good plot at an easy writing level .
 This is a great book , but I wish the Winds of Light Series would be combined into a single novel and availible .
 I like these books a lot ! I wish some were not out of print !
 the book was very informative and showed me some new exercises with the ball . I use the ball quite frequently and I have learned some new moves with the book . thanks for a well informative book!Antonio
 great resource for anyone looking to add variety to medicine ball exercises , increase their overall explosiveness during intense physical activity .
 Sutcliffe really does tell a compelling story about `` America 's first great invention '' which , to the best of my knowledge , has not been adequately told until now . Most of us learned early in life that Robert Fulton invented the first steam-powered boat , just as we were also told in school that Thomas Edison invented almost everything else , including the light bulb . In fact , James Rumsey and John Fitch competed strenuously to be the first to launch a steam-powered boat . During the summer of 1790 , Fitch launched a steamboat commuter service between Philadelphia and Trenton but was unable to make it profitable in competition with stagecoaches . It was not until almost 20 years later -LRB- 1807 -RRB- that Fulton 's Clermont carried passengers between New York City and Albany.The need for water transportation was obvious , hence the importance of barges but they could not proceed against the current and had to be towed back or returned over land for their next voyage . What if the power of steam could be used to solve that problem ? Of course , those whose economic self-interests would be threatened by -LRB- in effect -RRB- a steam-powered barge -- notably owners and employees of stagecoach and barge companies -- did all they could to oppose efforts by Rumsey and Fitch . They delayed but could not ultimately deny what proved to be the inevitable commercial success of steam-powered boats , `` America 's first great invention . `` Sutcliffe 's writing skills are such that her presentation of historical material reads like a novel worthy of Charles Dickens in his prime . Her narrative has everything
 When Isaac Newton was being congratulated for his schentific achievements he said , `` If I have accomplished anything it is because I stood on the shoulders of giants who went before me . `` When Robert Fulton produced a steam boat he took all the credit and got away with it . His achievements were great , but only because a bunch of inventors went before him . He too stood on the shoulders of giants , he just did n't admit it.Andrea Sutcliffe has done a good job here of pulling together the history of the development of steam powered vessels in the United States.She mentions that Henry Miller Shreve -LRB- after whom Shreveport , Louisiana was named -RRB- built some steam boats . I tend to say that the thing Robert Fulton built was really a steam ship , that is a deep draft vessel , suitable for use in deep rivers like you find in the Northeast . Shreve invented -LRB- along with some help of course -RRB- the typical Mississippi River Steamboat.This is probably not important , but when we think of the early boats , we tend to think of riverboats on the Mississippi not the early boats on the Hudson.Recommended book .
 In school , we learned to say `` Robert Fulton '' whenever we were asked to name the inventor of the steamship . Alas , not only is that answer wrong ; but a correct one can not be summed up by just one name , one year , or one event . Andrea Sutcliffe unravels the tangled web of men , machines , failures , successes , financial backers , patents and politics involved in getting steamships chugging on American rivers during the time period of 1784 to 1811 . Here we learn about people like John Fitch and James Rumsey . We discover how George Washington and Thomas Jefferson were involved in the process . We read about boiler explosions , innumerable tinkerings and improvements , and proving `` who had what idea when . '' The newly-formed Patent Office plays a huge role in this drama . Robert Fulton does n't even make an appearance until the last third of the book . Throughout it all , one has to wonder about the tenacity and sanity of the men who not only had to deal with the temperament of machines , but also with the skepticism of state and federal authorities . Imagine attempting to take a prototype steamboat down the Ohio and Mississippi Rivers during the New Madrid earthquake of 1811 ! Why did n't we ever hear about these stories in school ? As for Robert Fulton
 `` Steam '' captures the intrigue of the chase for steam-powered transportation . And there was no shortage of intrigue and industrial espionage when it came to building the first American steamboat . Ms. Sutcliffe also develops the novelty of steam power in the 18th century and what a radical departure the steam engine was compared to water power.The story of the steam engine also involves politics . Inventors sought patents in order to make claims for navigation monopolies . The inventors knew that inventing a steam boat would not make them rich . However , a monopoly to operate a steamboat on a particular river would be their path to wealth . -LRB- The story of Robert Fulton . -RRB- Ms. Sutcliffe takes care to present a balanced storyline . In most histories of the steamboat , the authors tended to be partial to a particular inventor . This is not the case with this work . `` Steam '' is an American story , but it also is a global story with James Watt 's steam engine setting the standard for the era . America had to invent a steam engine because Great Britain guarded the technology and export licenses of the Watt engine.I found it quite remarkable that inventors James Rumsey and John Fitch built operational steamboats with almost no information to go on . And certainly , they had no working model -LRB- like Watt 's engine -RRB- to copy . These boats were built a full decade before Eli Whitney introduced the concept of machined , interchangeable parts.Ms . Sutcliffe has done her readers a favor by presenting her work as a chapter of American history rather than as a technology primer . The age of steam in America begins just after the end of the Revolutionary War . We find a fledgling American nation still joined at the hip with Great Britain . And we see the battle between states and the federal government for power to issue patents and navigation franchises.The story of the steamboat makes for a good barometer of the first four decades of American history .
 It just helps to have God 's word there for you in the area or topic you need to focus on . Very helpful and easy to use .
 Currently , we do n't have an informed discussion of the wall of separation between religion and politics , between faith and law , in the media . Instead , we have shouting matches free of information that might help end some of the disputes.Karmnick and Moore set out to provide a brief , readable primer on -LRB- 1 -RRB- what the Framers had in mind when they separated Church and State , -LRB- 2 -RRB- what thinkers or events informed their conclusions , and -LRB- 3 -RRB- what relevance all of this has to the current debates on school prayer , tax-exempt status for churches , and other issues.Their argument is hard to argue with . The `` no religious test for public office '' clause -LRB- and the debate it generated -RRB- in the Constitution is their starting point for understanding what Madison , Jefferson , and others had on their minds when they wrote the core documents of American politics , the Constitution and the Bill of Rights . And there 's a lot more critical background they discuss , such the Lockean view of the secular social contract between citizens and the government they create , and the religious arguments by people like Roger Williams and others in the 17th and 18th centuries against intermingling politics and religion . It 's pretty clear what the Framers had in mind , and it was to keep religion and politics separate to the advantage of both.By the way , Steven Tooley 's rebuttals here on Amazon are completely disingenuous and hit not the core of the book 's arguments , but peripheral matters . He misunderstands Locke , a man of profound faith who also felt that government was not sanctioned by God , but created by human beings to serve very specific purposes . And for a guy who complains about `` ad homein '' -LSB- sic -RSB- attacks , Tooley does n't hesitate to make comments like , `` Are these two professors trying to pull the wool over everyone eyes for a reason , or have they themselves been brainwashed ? '' Read the book -LRB- which contains a lot of quotes from primary sources , by the way -RRB- and decide for yourself .
 `` The founding fathers established the Constitution , and over 94 percent of it is directly from the Bible . '' Those are the words of Lee Behnken , an active promoter of PSCA , an organization dedicated to putting chaplains in our public schools . Evangelicals like Behnken often make such statements , and in doing so show their abysmal knowledge of the Constitution and those who developed it.There actually is no mention of God in the Constitution , and the only reference it makes to religion is in article 6 where it states that there shall be no religious test for political office . A current tragedy is that religious conservatives have , indeed , established informal religious tests of office through their `` voting guides '' . In developing the constitution men like Jefferson , Monroe , and Madison were strongly influenced by the Enlightenment philosopher John Locke who believed that the function of Government was solely to keep the peace . While religious enthusiasts like to point out the section of the Declaration of Independence that states that our `` Creator '' endowed us with certain unalienable rights , they seem unable to thoroughly assess the meaning of the following words that state these rights
 Well organized , superbly written , and short , this book conveys both the sweeping significance of the American revolution and the threat of the Religious Right better than any other I have seen . Its effectiveness is amplified by the evidence that the authors are supportive of a role for religion in society . Any `` conservative '' who is tempted by parochial school voucher proposals , any `` liberal '' who thinks America is just like other countries , any politician of any kind , and you too should read it.The Constitution properly protects motherhood and apple pie , but not flags and school prayers , because the Founding Fathers learned that symbols can not be substitutes for substance . Let 's keep it that way .
 This is a `` must read '' for anyone wanting to understand the relationship between government and religion leading up to , and just after ratification of our Constitution . Over the past several years there has been a plethora of books published that have tried to distort that relationship for current political gain . Consider this a partial `` corrective action '' to what is essentially propaganda from some authors with no scholarly credentials.As much as I enjoyed reading this book however , there are several concerns that I have regarding this book that does n't make this the `` end-all '' regarding the debate about the role our founding fathers had in mind regarding religion . First , the authors leadoff with a chapter that sets the stage for `` why this book at this time '' . Unfortunately this is not a good start for these authors writing this particular book . The authors are near perfect in their ability to provide a true picture of our actual history in the middle chapters , but as analysts , the authors get into taking sides politically prior to making their case . I would have preferred saving the analysis for the end , besides , the history is the most fascinating aspect of the book.In addition many people who need to receive this message , i.e. , the religious right who have been fed propaganda by religious leaders like Dobson , Kennedy , and Robertson , could be put off by what they may sense is doctrine opposite , and thus negatively provocative , of what they believe is our true heritage . It would be a shame for these people to dismiss the book after the first chapter when this book would be more helpful to them than any other category of reader.What I did like about the book was the discussion about where the idea for a secular government came from , Locke , Williams , Paine , and how the framers developed those philosophies into our current Constitution . While riveting , this discussion is not complete . Another aspect I enjoyed was rather than just going into what our framers ' intentions were regarding the creation of a secular government , the authors also discussed the documentation and verbal debates of the framers ' opponents that promoted a non-secular government . This makes it self-evident that there were sides to this debate back then and who was on which side and those on the side of secularism were clearly the framers , contrary to what some current day propagandists would have you believe.The authors did an especially fine job of portraying the motivation for many devout Christians to create a secular government . The book features Roger Williams , an extremely devout Christian , who supported a secular government to `` free churches from the designs of political men '' . In fact , there is a nice trail that leads from Williams in the 17th Century , to ratification of the Constitution , to the success of Baptists in building a base of members by forcing religion to gain members based on the `` marketplace if ideas '' rather than government support - exactly what Jefferson and Madison intended . The authors provide sufficient history to show how the `` evangelicals '' and Catholics of that day were for the most part strong secularists because they did n't have any political power , but now that these two groups currently compose a significant minority are pushing for the opposite - government power that endorses their belief system , an irony not lost on the authors.Another fine feature is the authors did not depend on quotes by design , which are often used by ideologues on both sides to distort the true history of our founding , instead they discuss political battles and who sided with whom . Particularly interesting was President Madison vetoing `` faith based charities '' for his denomination of Episcopalians , the most potent political group among Christians of that time . Another great analogy was the fight to stop the movement of mail on Sunday during a time when the Postal Service was much more important to greasing the skids of the market than it is today . And still more evidence , the fight to change the Constitution 's preamble so `` We the People '' did n't sanction and empower our government , but rather that our government derive its power from God and Jesus Christ , with Their attributes defined by the government , much like the European theocracies that caused so much suffering through the Dark and Middle Ages.What I would have hoped for from the authors was that they footnoted . While they do provide a great bibliography at the end and also discuss their reasons for not footnoting , I do n't think one little book is going to dissuade zealots from clinging to lies , footnotes in today 's world are imperative . While I absolutely trust the integrity of the authors , we have an abundance of people publishing distorted tracts that makes it imperative we require all authors to footnote -LRB- see Dobson , Robertson , and Kennedy for three examples -RRB- . I also would have preferred a more robust defense of our religious history . The authors are great writers , entertaining , engaging , and yet even-handed . At 177 pages , there was plenty of room to go into more detail regarding Madison , Jefferson , Adams , and Hamilton source material ; thus providing additional evidence along with their opponents for a more full-fledged portrayal that these men did in fact purposefully set out , and in fact succeeded , to create a secular government and a society where religion could blossom , or whither , based on merit rather than government power .
 Of the half dozen books I 've read recently on the subject of separation of church and state , this one presents and documents most clearly the historical facts . It also most cogently persuades the reader that the the Founding Fathers did not intend for the United States to be a `` Christian Nation , '' but rather to be a nation where all people are free to exercise their own individual conscience in favor of any religion of their choice , or no religion at all . The authors carefully document what the Fathers wrote on the subject of church and state at the time the Constitution was being adopted , and in the years immediately following . They also quote from numerous individuals during the first hundred years following adoption showing how they complained bitterly that God had been left out of the Constituion and that the God was not pleased with our country because our Constitution was indifferent to Christianity . They then point out the irony that this argument has been turned on its head today by Christian leaders , such as Pat Robertson , and others who assert that we were founded as a `` Christian Nation '' with God always present in the Constitution until liberal judges began misinterpreting the Consitution to remove God . As a rather conservative Christian myself , I highly recommend this book to other conservatives to gain a perspective , as explained by the authors , that the creation of a godless constitution was not an act of irreverence but was an act of confidence in religion . By keeping religion out of government , the Founding Fathers fostered a beautiful system of voluntary religious affiliation and service that has so benefited our country -- protecting religion from the whims and corrupting influences of government , and likewise allowing government to do what it does best in governing people of many different religions or no religion at all . The chapter titled `` The English Roots of the Secular State '' is particularly informative as it explains the influence of Englishmean , John Locke , and enlightenment thinkers , on the thinking of the Founding Fathers .
 This is not a conservative versus liberal book . It is a concise overview of the question of church state seperation under the First Amendment . Is there an absolute wall ? If so , on what basis and why ? The authors cover the history of the Amendment and the challenges to its interpretation by those with a theocratic bent and others who oppose political domination by religious majorities . This reader is a conservative voter who found the work well worth reading and sound in its arguments and conclusions . Those who favour liberty will find much on which they agree with the authors .
 If you 're looking for a repository of arguments against the proposition that the US is a `` Christian Nation , '' this is the book for you . The authors do a fine job of presenting well-researched , reasonable , and calmly presented material , and by the time you 're done with this slim rebuttal , you will either agree or at least have doubts . I do n't think a more resounding endorsement could be said regarding what is essentially a book on law.Part history , part claim , this is the book you need if you want ammunition , and the book you 'll want if you 're interested in the history of religion in the US .
 Answer
 Having had Kramnick as a professor , the only thing which could have added to my respect for his exquisite command of language and persuasion is this book
 In Kramnick and Moore 's book , The Godless Constitution , the authors divulge their case against religious correctness in American government . The main claim of their book is that religion has no place in government , specifically the Constitution . Kramnick and Moore state that the framers of the Constitution felt that government and religion should not mingle . The authors claim that the framers were not anti-religious , just anti religious-government . Kramnick and Moore reinforce their argument with historical problems and figures that stem from the time-honored debate over secularism in America . Their main opponents to this argument are the religious right , say the authors . They are the group of religious activists trying to reinstall what they claim is the Christian ethic in American government . Kramnick and Moore lay down three major examples as to why the American government should remain staunchly secular
 Let me be the first reviewer since 9/11 to weigh in on this valuable book . Every American reacted to the horrors of that day in their own personal way and many reflected on the secular foundations of our constitution but few people know the details of the struggle that went into the conception , the codification and the defense of our first amendment . The separation of church and state is the greatest source of our strength as a country ; every American should know the struggle of Roger Williams , the history of the Southern Baptists , and the strong belief of our founding fathers in the freedom of choice regarding personal beliefs . All explained in this simple and scholarly book .
 Excellent book . For anybody who has been brainwashed into believing that this country was founded as a `` Christian Nation '' , this book will set the record straight .
 The most important argument in this book might be the purely historical one that until very recently in American history , everyone on each side of the issue of whether the U.S. Constitution should contain a religious or Christian element understood that the constitution as we have it was `` a Godless constitution . '' Those who felt the constitution should honor God or who felt that the United States should be recognized in some fashion as the foundation of the nation were scandalized that the constitution contained no references to God or the Divine . For nearly two hundred years the effort on the part of evangelicals was to try to get God into the constitution . But under wildly revisionist reinterpretations by folks like Pat Robertson the assumption is that God was in the constitution from the beginning , and that they are merely trying to regain the focus on God that the Founders had when they wrote the constitution . As Kramnick and Moore demonstrate in this excellent brief study , any such view is fantastical nonsense.Early chapters in the book examine the beliefs concerning the relationship between government and a divine foundation found in the Puritans , and why Roger Williams and subsequently the Founders wanted to create a wall of separation between a secular government and organized religion . They show how Williams desired the separation not for the sake of government , but for the sake of religion , for the distortive and corrupting influence political leaders can exert when they attempt to employ religion to bolster political causes . Also , if religion and political parties are too closely identified , if the party falls into disrepute , so also can religion through association . This latter point is far too often forgotten today , and the close identification of the Religion Right with today 's extreme right of the GOP does not portend well for evangelicalism . History shows that political sympathies tend to be like a swinging pendulum , and when the pendulum swings the other direction away from the right wing extremism that has colored American politics for the past thirty years -LRB- making even a moderate conservative like Bill Clinton appear to many to be a liberal -RRB- , organized religion could suffer in the reaction . Williams understood this ; today 's evangelicals do not.But whatever Williams 's motives in desiring a secular government , Jefferson , Adams , Washington , Madison , Franklin , and the rest of the Founders desired equally a wall of separation because such was best for both the sake of government and religion . Jefferson envisioned a government that was as little involved in the consciences of individuals as possible . While he believed that religion should play a life in America , it had no place whatsoever in government . In this all the major founders were in complete agreement.The final section of the book deals with the history of the Sunday mails controversy , and is important because it carefully documents the ongoing understanding of all Americans throughout the 19th and virtually all of the 20th centuries that the American constitution was a thoroughly secular document , with no Christian or religious element whatsoever . This is crucial because recently many members of the religious right have attempted to reinterpret history and counterfactually assert that they want to reassert the religious elements that have already been there . Unless people are familiar with the actual historical facts , such revisionism might actually influence the ill informed.This is a very solid history , one that is very much in the spirit of Roger Williams in wanting to promote a strong religious life , but understanding that this is only possible with a completely secular government that can not be employed to exploit religious bodies for its use , as the political right is exploiting the religious right today . I would also like to recommend that anyone reading this book also consult the superb book by Frank Lambert , THE FOUNDING FATHERS AND THE PLACE OF RELIGION IN AMERICA . Compatible with the Kramnick and Moore study , Lambert 's book focuses on the shift from theistically based colonies favored by the original settlers to completely secular governments instituted by the Founders .
 This book examines American History to discover the original intent of the First Amendment . America is not , nor has it ever been an instrument for religion . It was purposely founded on secular ideals to avoid the oppression which all to often plagued governments where church and state were not separated . The American form of government is founded on ideals which were formulated in the mind of man . This position is best summarized by President John Adams who wrote
 ... Why the Religious Right is Wrong About the Separation of Church and State , by Rob Boston . That book will arm you with more weapons to fight against right-wing religious extremists , who have tried to rewrite U.S. history and mislead people about religious liberty .
 This book debunks the Christian Right 's bogus claim that the U.S. was founded as a Christian Nation like nothing else on the market . It is scholarly yet easy to read for the general reader . It is also a logical companion volume to Eternal Hostility
 A very enjoyable and informative book.The authors clearly spell out the Jeffersonian tradition of religious liberty in the United States.They point out how the complete separation of religion and the state has contributed to our religious diversity and lack of bloody conflict.They expose the attempt by the Religious Right to establish a `` christian nation '' in the U.S. in the 19th century , and the defeat of their measures . It also shows how the current Religious Right distorts America 's history to suit their own agenda.A thouroghly enjoyable and interesting book .
 This book presents a well presented argument for the clear seperation of church and state in America . It draws from history , and touches upon some key moments in the development of our Constitution and the history and ideas that went into creating this purely secular document . This is presented against a backdrop that highlights the framers of the constitution and what they were intending.This is a pretty unbiased book in the sense that it does not get into the debate over the value or truth of religion , only how it fits in to the American government through the Constitution.In a day and age where most people 's concept of history comes from the mouths of demagogues instead of from the truth , this book provides an enlightened perspective on a very important social issue.One thing also you learn from this book - there is nothing being said today by the forces trying to make our country into a theocracy that has n't been said before .
 It 's a good book , and has a lot of interesting points . I believe the thesis statement -LRB- the Constitution of the US , is , for better or for worse , a paper that makes no mention of God and leaves God out of the state -RRB- ; however , this disturbs me.First off , one of the guys that really influenced the Founding Fathers of the US is a guy called John Locke -LRB- yes , LOST fans , I think I know where they got the name from . Haha ! -RRB- Anyways , he had some good ideas , but I think he went too far in his theories and did n't take a moment to think what the full extent of those theories would have led to . Basically , he wanted a Godless State , because he had seen what a Godful -LRB- Umm , what is the opposite of Godless ? ' -RRB- State had done to Europe ... the dozens of DREADFUL wars of religion -LRB- a really nice and bloody one was the Dutch war for Independence ... -RRB- and so he came to the conclusion that religion + the state = bad . Now , I think I understand him , and I agree with him on one level , but at another level , I disagree with him . Here 's why : I think that Locke has a lot of good ideas . I also understand how he came to his radical ideas seeing what the state of Europe was at the time . BUT I disagree with his statements . I believe that when the government is made completely godless , as Locke seems to want it , then the nation itself will become godless . I 'm not sure if Locke wanted this , or did n't think this would happen -LRB- I 'm sure for a person living in his time the idea of no religion was impossible to comprehend -RRB- . And so , we have a problem . To this day , the best morals come from holy texts and their religions . All of the religions I have experienced -LRB- Buddhism , Hinduism , Christianity , Islam -RRB- at some point or another encourage morals . Yes , many of them are , to me , immoral -LRB- like Islamic laws dealing with women -RRB- but they are there , at some point or another . And so , when we create a secular state , it is necessary to have laws ; a state without laws is pointless ! And yet , if we do , indeed , create a truly `` godless '' state then where do our laws come from ? Even if we base them off of what the Enlightenment people of the age called `` natural law '' we are still using Deism , a religion ! I find that when we remove God and religion from the state , for better or for worse , then we remove any and all reason to obey the state and its law other than the fact that the state is bigger , stronger and smarter than you . In short , you have created the greatest monster one can imagine , a demon of supreme power who forces you to do his bidding , not because he is right , but because he has become your god.I think this is what has/is happened/ing in the West . We have replaced the religion of Christianity with others ; Islam is becoming popular -LRB- one of the fastest growing religions in the world ! -RRB- and then we have Atheism and Science , which contain either no morals -LRB- Atheism gives me no morals other than the ones that I myself choose . Hmm ... not good ? Same with Science , really -RRB- and Islam , well , I 've already explained my view of Islam . When we remove God from the government , we are admitting that God has no place in the public sector , and thus whatever rules or morals God has given us are pointless and irrelevant ! THIS IS A LIE OF SATAN!Yep , that 's what I say
 This is a well researched and insightful book that it is a highly recommended read . I was in the middle of an e-mail debate and my adversary brought forth `` evidence '' citing excerpts from the Declaration of Independence as the basis of the establishment of `` A Christian Nation '' . Moore and Kramnick completely dispel this myth . They take a scholarly and historical approach , supported by hard data , to suppress the nonsense put forth by religious fundamentalists that we are a faith based government and that we always have been . The book examines the rationale that hardliners use to currently deny our secular form of state and it counters the tired rants that our dear Christian nation is under constant attack by atheist , liberal and progressive forces . My interpetations after the read are that this is currently evidenced by modern theocrats using a manipulative strategy of misinterpretation of quotes , denial of evidenced truths and the rewriting of historical facts to promote their contemporary agenda . Turns out to be quite the opposite historically and the book cites how the hard line clergy have recently reversed tactics due to previous failures . The publication informs the reader and backed by testimony , that for the first 150 years or so of our nation , the theocrats were displeased with our secular Constitution and were determined to `` Christianize '' it . The authors intelligently counter the allegation that the nation was theocratic in origin and that Christian spirituality was a major component in the foundation of the new federal republic . The authors lay down the facts convincingly of the type of nation that was envisioned as by our founding fathers country and the role that religion was going to play in the new democracy . It examines the early contentious debates at the time the Constitution was ratified , of the discourse that followed shortly thereafter and the subsequent attempts by fundamentalist clergy to amend our sacred document of law , `` The Godless Constitution '' . Kramnick and Moore also point out the important parts that religion plays in a democratic society and the positive influences it contributes to the morality , politics and the well being of the modern nation-state .
 This book does a perfect job of demolishing the myth of the so-called religious foundings of our country , and it does so without resorting to attacks or political bias . In fact , I think the authors tended to lean to the right politically , but that is just opinion.The book , however is excellent and should be required reading for students in high school . Of course , that would probably violate the church/state separation that the Constitution protects . Interesting how the First Amendment that the Religious Right disdains actually protects them and their views . Pathetic .
 One of the most common misperceptions about the United States is that it is a Christian nation . It is not . It never was , nor was it ever intended to be . American citizens have been spoonfed a false nostalgia for a `` better time '' when religion , specifically , Christianity , was the `` center '' of our government and home life
 I did n't like this book as much as the others . I still think it was good . But suddenly L. J. Smith sticks in a spirit from the in-between place . That has nothing to do with the Night World . It does n't deal a lot with Gillian 's witchcraft . In fact , she does n't even know she 's a witch until about the middle of the book . One thing I liked was Ash 's cameo role as the knight in shining armor , coming to rescue the helpless human .
 This book , was in my opinion , pretty good . Not one of her best , but it was good . I really liked the story , and I really liked the characters . To me , the story had a different meaning , than most people had seen . If you read between the lines , you see that this is what a lot of people hope for . To be popular , to be perfect in every aspect , and to have power . I really liked this book , and reccomend it to anyone who likes Lisa Jane Smith , or anyone who likes books about `` Creatures Of The Night '' : -RRB-
 I like this book . It was good , but different from the rest of the books in the Night World series . But that 's because Gillian is a lost witch . I guess I 'm one of the very few people who liked this book -LRB- I feel so special ! -RRB- . E-mail me if you want to discuss LJ Smith 's books .
 Even though it was not my favorite , it was a good book . THE HUNTRESS and SOULMATE are my faves .
 This is the worst book in the Night World series . Gillian is LJ Smith 's worst heroine -LSB- Mary Lynette is the best -RSB- Gillian is superficial , all she thinks about is being the most popular girl at school and getting David . David is the worst Night World hero -LSB- Thierry is the best -RSB- . He is stupid -LSB- he cheated on the SATs -RSB- . If you have n't read any of the Night World books , do n't start with this one .
 This was my least favorite Night World book yet . But the fact that I rated it a 9 says how good the other books are .
 This book was wonderful and enjoyable , just like all the other Night World books . I was so smitthen with all the books that I even composed a poem on it.This book is greatGuranteed to make your eyes go redReally , I 'm not lyingyou may even go swimming
 One winter day , Gillion Lennox dies and is saved by an angel . Then he becomes a guardian that only Gillion can see . She does not know his real name , but always just calls him `` Angel . `` He tells Gillion how to be popular and Gillion , once shy , becomes a sensation at school . Gillion 's secret love , David Blackburn , becomes her boyfriend.Then , Angel makes strange commands and tries to draw her into the Night World , a secret society of evil creatures -LRB- such as vampires -RRB- . Then , he tells Gillion that he is `` the one '' for her.Now , Gillion must discover the truth
 I 've read all of the Night World books , and this is a great book , but I must say , it 's not L. J. Smith 's best
 This one is my fave Night World book - the whole time I waswishing * I * knew someone like Angel , real `` guardian angel '' or not ! It just seemed a little dumb that Gillian would want him to use all his powers to makeher * popular * , of all things . But then she and I do n't have much in common , so oh well . The ending was kinda sad - I personally would have kept Angel around , and dumped David if he had a problem with it . But it was still good ...
 I do n't know anything bad I can say abouth any of her books . They 're all just so wonderful . She intertwines romance and horror so flawlessly that you do n't realize you 're reading a bit of both . In the book Gillian dies one day and goes to the state of `` limbo '' where she meets Angel . Throughout the whole book he helps her to gain self-confidence and get her dream date . He also helps her to discover her witchy heritage . I would recommend this to anyone and everyone , not just young adults
 Good book but ... David.Is.An.Idiot !!! Even after they got together I still felt like he was treating Gillian like a little sister and the guy just seemed like he had gotten his head knocked in with a football to many times . Most of the story revolves around Gillian and her discovering she 's a powerful witch and David just seemed to be along for the ride . He is no Ash , he is no Gabriel , heck , even Thea 's guy -LRB- what 's his name ? -RRB- was more intriguing . Since I love everything L.J 's written and reading about Gillian discovering her unusual heritage was enough for me and Angel made up enough for the personality of 10 David 's I 'm not ranting and raving . This is a great book with some very funny scenes .
 I believe that you should n't take all reviews into account when purchasing a book . Because the reviews for this book was pretty dismal i decided not to buy it , but my sister had other thoughts and gave it to me on my birthday and i have to say thank god!This book is n't as bad as everyone says . Okay sure , Gillian appears a little superficial at the start but then everyone is superficial , even if it 's only a tad . Miss Smith makes the reader relate to Gillian though and as you get to know her you see that she is n't all that superficial , she just wants to fit in like every teenager.The plot was more four star but the characters were believeable , good and the dialoge and pace was great . Over all it was a four and a half star but you only have four or five so i stepped it up half a star .
 I really enjoyed this book and Gillian 's story mostly because she 's someone I can relate to . Like Gillian I was never popular , and very shy . And in this story , Gillian is given the chance to have the popularity that she 's always wanted , the guy she 's always wanted , and something almsot magical . I loved this book and reccomend it to anyone who loves the Night World Series .
 I would just like to say that that ` Dark Angel ' is one of the best Night World books ! I am fed up of people thinking it 's boring because it is n't ! So what if Gillian is not a super heroine like the ones in the other Night World books ? It makes a nice change . Everyone says that it 's stupid she wants to be popular but would n't you -LRB- unless you already are -RRB- ? Everyone seems to hate David as well but I think he 's a great guy . He cheated in the SATs but then he was desperate . The other characters in this book are really funny as well . My advice is to go get it ! NOW !
 It 's true , this book was n't completely like all the other books in the series , but ... so what ? Although most people find Gillian wimpy , I found her easier to relate to than some legendary type of heroine . I loved the characters , and this is the book that latched me onto the series . Lisa Jane Smith has done it again !
 I liked this book . Call me crazy but I thought it was great . Gillian may not have been the normal female character but she was still pretty cool . David sounded like a god and Angel who was really Gary was like ghost of my dreams . Plus for an added bonus we got to see Ash again and he saved Gillian 's life even though he thought she was human . Which means he 's trying to good and slay dragons for his soulmate . Yeah I guess it was n't totally Ms. Smith 's normal book but I loved it . It was the first time we heard about the lost Harman babies which came into play in WhitchLight . Did anybody else notice that Gillian and Ilianna are like second cousins ? Also the Night world was always there lurking in the background . Angel was the night world . The bad guy , the dark one . I 've read this book over seven times and it always gets better . If you 've got comments email me . ~ Shadow ~
 This is a really good book , about a girl named Gillian who comes back from a near-death experience with `` Angel '' , an entity that only Gillian can see and hear . He teaches her to be popular , and gets her the guy she 's always wanted , David Blackburn . But then Angel starts asking her to do weird stuff that hurts the people near her , and she has to find out who or what he is , before he destroys everything she loves . It 's a good book , as I said before , and a nice addition to the ever-growing tapestry of the Night World series . It has interesting characters , and a new Harman witch in it , which I think is really great . I also like how she puts Ash in there , too , so that you know he 's still around . I ca n't wait until Black Dawn comes out . It ca n't come too soon ! ~ Sunn
 This is the first of the Night World books that I 've read , so I ca n't really judge it by comparison . I found this book -LRB- as a seperate entity -RRB- to be a very good book ! Gillian is smart and a bit socially awkward . She does n't think very much of herself at all , especially since no one at her school knows that she exists and her home life is crumbling . Angel is a compelling character , having hidden motives , unknown origins and witty dialogue . I can agree that David was less than superb ... But he was n't really the main focus of the book anyway ! As the book progresses we see the developing of a bond between Angel and Gillian , an explanation for Gillian 's home problems , an exploration of witchcraft , and an overall view of teenage life -LRB- which can really suck -RRB- . Anyway , I found this to be a very enjoyable book that I kept coming back to in any free moment of my day .
 This book was kind of different from the other Night World series , but it was my absolute favorite . once i started reading , it was impossible to put down . The story is amazing and it is full of surprises and things you do n't expect and it just makes you bite down on your lip in anticipation of what 's to come . It is soooooo good . People need to read this . I think the only reason other people did not like it as much as the other books in the series is because you do n't know of the night world until probably the mid-end of the book . IT IS FREAKING AMAZING THOUGH.READ IT .
 For some reason , out of all the Night World Books , ` Dark Angel ' always scores the lowest . For me , however , Dark Angel was one of the better books . Take Gillian for example . Sure she 's not especially daring or a vampire hunter or an experienced martial artist , but that 's what makes her special . She 's US . She is the average teen girl , unsure of herself , with family problems , and complete with the crush on the popular guy . Sure , she longs to be popular , but that does n't make her ` shallow ' as most people like to put . Every one of us has longed for popularity in school . And if you say you ` did n't care about such things ' then you are fooling yourself . What I liked best about this book is that we got to see the Night World from an outsider ; Gillian knew nothing about it , all she had to go on was the snippets she heard here and there , mostly from Angel and from her own deduction . -LRB- as well as the witch character in the store -RRB- And yes , there was n't as much action in Dark Angel as there was in say , ` Huntress ' or ` The Chosen ' , but that does n't make it bad . It was a relief for me to see a highschool student being NORMAL . Jez and Rashel -LRB- Jez especially -RRB- rather got on my nerves at times with their reckless behavior and their super-woman , over confident ways . It was nice to see a girl that was actually just a GIRL . It made me feel as though I was n't under-achieved . The only reason I gave this book a ' 4 ' and not a ' 5 ' was because the ending seemed a little weak to me . As for the whole David/Angel thing , yes . I WAS voting for Angel and Gillian to get together . . he had a certain charm to him that was absent from David . After seeing guys like Ash , Delos , and Quinn , David did n't quite measure up . Or maybe it was because he was just a normal human , not of the nightworld . He was n't mysterious or powerful . . just an average , teenage highschooler doing average , teenage things.Regardless , this book is an excellent addition to your L.J Smith Collection .
 Gillian Lennox is your typical high school outcast . She walks the halls hiding behind a curtain of hair , seeming so timid that people either do n't notice her or , if they do , believe she 's from the junior high.A near-death experience completely changes all of that . Gillian freezes to death but is stopped by an angel claiming it 's not her time . Given the choice , Gillian decides to try life again -- but this time she has a guardian angel at her side , guiding her . She cuts her hair , dresses to stand out , and erupts from the sidelines with a blazing confidence that wins over most of the school.Dark Angel is highly underrated , simply because the Night World is n't so deeply touched upon as it is in other books . What makes this so remarkable , however , is the exploration of `` lost witches . '' Lost witches -LRB- also known as `` psychics '' or `` clairvoyants '' -RRB- were briefly touched upon in the first book , Secret Vampire . It 's what a life-like experience WOULD be for a human girl , finding out bits and pieces of a terrifying and mystical world you were previously unaware of.Gillian is a strong character . She undergoes major emotional changes with the help of `` Angel , '' and in the end finds an inner strength she can hold on to and call her own.My biggest complaint would be David 's characterization . Tanya , the forefront antagonist and his ex-girlfriend , attracted more attention than Gillian 's love interest , and that is a little sad . L.J. Smith can certainly make strong antagonists and fascinating -LRB- if pacifist -RRB- males -LRB- as she did in Soulmate -RRB- , but with David she fell a bit short . Nothing about David made me smile and think , `` Yes , Gillian , he 's worth it ! `` Other than that , it 's a wonderful addition to the series . Not to be missed .
 it was different and maybe not her best but it was still good . i mean it did have soulmates in and we got to see ash again which gains any book about three stares however short a time its for . i hope as is in the last book
 I absolutly love L. J. Smiths writing She seems to capture me in her work and everything is going on around me feel free to e-mail me at any time Bincksy7@aol.com
 This was my first LJS book , recommended by a friend , who is a book critic . I was hooked on LJS books ever since . I have read every one of her books and have found them excellent .
 I thought Dark Angle was very mysterious & enchanting . The angle , or Gary was an awsome creation by L.J.Smith . Until the end you never know if he is good or evil . As for Gillian , I thought it was intresting watching her change from a wimp to a strong person . Sometimes you need to try something new , & that is exactly what L.J.Smith did with this book .
 This book , I 'd have to say , first off is not exactly a bad book . The idea of it from the beginning , though , is more of a plot that younger readers might be interested in . I did not find Gillian wimpy , however I was offended a bit by her attutude that the only way to be happy was to be popular , and I doubt in real life , simply having an angel telling you how to act would make her popular . I would think it would more of make her seem like a wannabe . She 's a bit childish and I think Smith made her that way on purpose . I could relate to her in the fact that I had once felt that way too . I basically left highschool having no friends . I just got sick hanging around the kids that did n't really seem to care if I was around or not , and just decided it 'd be better to be alone than to pretend I had some true friends.The main problem with this book , is that the majority of it is spent with Gillian just becoming popular . It is n't until the very end that things actually start to get interesting . The last scene was definetly good , and the first time I read it , it made the book seem worth it .
 Gillain , a shy girl , is rescued from near death by an angel.The Angel helps Gillain get things she never had , like poularityand the attention from a guy she likes , whose name is David -LRB- which has a girlfriend -RRB- . Angel tells Gillain to hurt people to get what she wants . it gets to the point where Gillain ca n't take it anymore and she wants him to go away . Gillain gets into alot of trouble with Angel and does n't know how to make him go away . So what Gillain does is she ... * Want to know the rest , read the book and you 'll find out * I ` ts a really good book !
 This book is the ultimate revenge story . Sure Gillian is superficial but shes had a rough life and deserves to have her chance to shine in the spotlight . And all those readers who do not feel it fit in with the Night World must not have been very observant cuz her place in the Night World was hinted at quite a lot . And she does go to a witches store and she also trys to get in the black iris club once ... besides it would be to formulaic if each book was wrapped tightly inside the Night World ... each books show different levels of impact the Night World has ... plus like all the nightworld books ... this deals with a certain kinda topic ... Secret Vampire was a girl who was dying and needed to be changed to live ... soulmate covered reicarnation and this book delt with a near life experience . Its not the best of the series but its high up there on my list at least .
 This novel literally surprised me . The beginning was page-turning , and immediately I began to think that the `` dying but living again '' scene would be the only scene i would like in the entire book . I was gladly proven wrong . I had such low expectations , but the ending made it memorable to me . However , the story of a highschool girl wanting a taste of popularity never ceased to strike a nerve on me . It 's really cliche , but i liked the story for the twist , and the `` gentle '' ending . I had a warm , fuzzy feeling bubble up inside me while i was crying -LRB- which was weird even if I am overly sensitive -RRB- . I was sad , yet happy with who Gillian ended up with . Gary had such a wonderful charm to him , and I just wished David was more developed and not such a shallow guy . But overall , I ' l give it a 4 stars because it was memorable to me . You should give this book a chance and not have such high expectations for it because it surely is n't a Rashel , Mary-Lynette , or Hannah . Gillian is a normal highschool girl that is almost too close to our everyday girls .
 I love this book ! I 've noticed that the bad reviews complain that the characters are too superficial , but I disagree . This novel has a lot of profound underlying themes that should be acknowledged . The main character , Gillian Lennox , is more like a teenage girl than any of the other female protagonists in LJ Smith 's other Night World books . Gillian comes from a lonely home and longs to find acceptance and happiness . She wants to be popular , but only because she thinks it will bring her the acceptance , love and attention she ca n't find at home . I think a lot of readers can relate to that -LRB- I certainly could ! -RRB- and maybe that 's why this book gets bad reviews - because it hits a little too close to home.Her `` angel '' , Gary , is hilarious - I literally found myself laughing out loud at some of his remarks . He helps Gillian grow up and he helps her discover her witch heritage . This is an interesting take on what it 's like to discover that you actually belong in the Night World as opposed to many of the other books in the series in which the humans are told of the Night World illegally.This book is also a great follow-up to Spellbinder because it 's about the Harman witch clan and also involves a restless spirit that the protagonist must help return to the Other Side . If you look past the `` superficiality '' -LRB- seemed to me that Gillian was just lonely and sad , not superficial -RRB- , this is a great read . Highly recommend it !
 If a copy of this book becomes available , I will be the first to buy it . As a child who grew up in 1980s Makati City , this book was the perfect way to illustrate city life . Charming story of a jeepney , the mode of public transport unique to the Philippines , with `` special '' powers such as the ability to produce food -LRB- and a dining table -RRB- and escape traffic by taking to the air , and lovely illustrations . It 's a real shame the book is out of print .
 Just a simple plain review here . Underrated . Says a lot about labor and the idea of a living wage , a surviving wage and the sweat-toiling wage . Raises noise about our business system in the early days -LRB- think civil war -RRB- to the early 40 's -LRB- think Taft-Harley act -RRB- . Gives and reinforces ` ty ` coons and ` ty ` rants ideology and ruthless/lawless business system .
 As I have often noted this space is dedicated to the struggles of the American -LRB- and international -RRB- working class and their allies . Part of understanding those struggles is to know where we have been in order to have a better grasp of where we need to head in order to create a more just , socially inclined world . In my travels over the past few years I have noted , even among those who proclaim themselves progressives , radicals and revolutionaries , a woeful , and in some cases willful , lack of knowledge about the history and traditions of the American labor movement . In order to help rectify that lack I will , occasionally , post entries relating to various events , places and personalities that have helped form what was a very militant if , frustratingly , apolitical -LRB- or not purely anti-political , especially against its left-wing -RRB- labor history.In order to provide a starting point for these snapshots in time I am using what I think is a very useful book , `` Labor 's Untold Story '' , Richard O. Boyer and Herbert Morais , United Electrical , Radio & Machine Workers Of America -LRB- UE -RRB- , New York , 1976 , that I can recommend to all those militants interested in getting at least a first taste of what the once mighty organized American labor movement was all about . For those unfamiliar with labor history the UE , cited here as the publisher , was a left-wing union that was split by the main labor federations during the `` red scare '' of the 1950 's for being `` under Communist influence '' and refusing to expel its Communist Party supporters . The other organization created at the time was the International Brotherhood Of Electrical Workers -LRB- IBEW -RRB- . The history of that split and its timing that caused a wasteful break in the struggle for a single industry-wide union that has been the goal of all thoughtful labor militants will , of course , be the subject of one of these entries at a later date.That UE imprimatur , for this writer at least , is something of a plus but you know upfront that this is a pro-labor history . That said , this 400 page book is chock full of events , large and small , complete with very helpful footnotes giving greater detail -LRB- mercifully placed at the bottom of the page where the subject is mentioned -RRB- , that helped turned the American labor movement from an atomized , motley group of conflicting racial , ethnic and political tendencies in the last part of the 19th century to something like a very powerful and somewhat self-confident organized force by the 1940 's . After that period there is a long term decline that , for the book , ends with the period of the `` red scare '' noted above and for the rest of us continues until today.In any case here you will learn about the embryonic stages of the modern labor movement after the American Civil War with its urgent industrial demands to provide goods for a pent-up market war-ravaged market and creation of a transportation and information system adequate to meet those needs . Needless to say labor received short shrift in the bargain , especially at first before it was even minimally organized . The story here it should be made clear , the story anytime labor is the subject of discourse , is organized labor . The atomized working class as a whole minus this organization does not exist as a historical force . That , my friends , is a great lesson for today as well.As such , it important to note the establishment in the 1870s of the National Labor Union and its offshoots , later the Knights of Labor and the role of its class collaborationist leaders . Also noted is the fight in the coal mines of the East and the legendary saga of the `` Molly McGuires '' in Pennsylvania our first well-know labor martyrs . Then the fight moves west to the lead , copper , silver and gold mines . That push west can only mean the establishment of the Western Federation of Miners , the emergence of the paragon of an American labor leader Big Bill Haywood , his frame-up for murder in 1905 and the subsequent rise of the Industrial Workers of The World . Wobblies -LRB- IWW -RRB- . Along the way there are various attempts to form a workers party , the most promising , if amorphous , being the Tom Watson-led Populist Party in 1892 before the somewhat more class-based Socialist Party took hold.Of course no political study of the American working class is complete without a big tip o f the hat to the tireless work of Eugene V. Debs , his labor organizing and his various presidential campaigns up through 1920 . While today Debs ' efforts have to be seen in different way in light of the fact that our attitude toward labor militants running for executive offices in the capitalist state and his ` soft ' attitude on the question of the political organization of the working class with an undifferentiated party of the whole class , he stands head and shoulders above most of the other political labor leaders of the day , especially that early renegade from Marxism , Samuel Gompers.The first `` red scare '' -LRB- immediately after World War I -RRB- and its effect on the formation of the first American communist organizations responding to the creation of the first workers state in Russian -LRB- and of the establishment of the internationally-oriented Communist International -RRB- , the quiescent of the American labor movement in the 1920s -LRB- a position not unlike the state of the American working class today -RRB- , the rise of the organized labor movement into a mass industrial organization in response to the ups and downs of the Great Depression , the ` labor peace ' hiatus of World War II , the labor upsurge in the immediate post-World War II period and the `` night of the long knives '' of the anti-communist `` red scare '' of the 1950s brings the story up to the time of first publication of the book . As to be expected of a book that pre-dates the rise of the black civil right movement , the women 's liberation movement and the struggle for gay and lesbian rights there is much less about the role of race and gender the history of the American labor movement . Not to worry , the black , feminist and gender scholars have been hard at work rectifying those omissions . And I have been busy reviewing that work elsewhere in this space . But here is your start .
 `` Labor 's Untold Story '' is more than just a book about labor history . It 's a book about the history that is largely ignored in school . Most history is told from the point of view of the victors , the powerful , and the aristocracy . The average student in the United States leaves high school having forgotten anything that was ever taught in their history classes , because what is taught is rarely anything they can relate to . History is taught as lists of names of rich , powerful , white men , the wars they -LRB- made other people -RRB- fight , and the dates when anything important happened . It rarely covers what happened to the other 98 % of the people . `` Labor 's Untold Story '' tells the history of the other 98 % , and in doing so , makes sense of most of the policies of world leaders . It is also so vividly written , that it reads like a novel rather than a textbook - which makes it far more intellectually accessible than a dry work of academic calisthenics .
 Labor 's Untold StoryA history of the American labor movement featuring information you will not find in standard history texts ...
 This has to be one of the best books I 've ever read . It profoundly changed the way I look at American History and the very context I see the world around me in . This is the best overview of American Labor History up to the date it was originally published that I 've seen.It opens up a whole chapter of American History that is n't taught in our schools .
 The plans of John D. Rockefeller had more to do with the course of American Labor history than those of Samuel Gompers . This is the main premise of Labor 's Untold Story , an economic history of America from Labor 's viewpoint . Covering the years from 1860 to 1955 , when it was published by the United Electrical , Radio and Machine Workers Union , it presents a fast-paced narrative , skillfully weaving stories in a highly readable and entertaining format . United Electrical was and is a progressive union , in the lead for workers rights . This union has suffered for its advocacy of the worker . It still exists and has a membership of about 35,000 workers in occupations ranging from highway toll-takers to graduate student assistants.Labor 's actions have been determined , in the long view of history , not so much by the actions of Labor leaders but Labor 's adversaries . Boyer and Morais maintain that Labor has reacted to employers rather than the opposite . Division and destruction of Labor occurred primarily through actions of employers and the government . Multitudes of people have sacrificed their livelihoods , families , and even their lives to further the cause of Labor , with mixed and halting progress . Labor 's Untold Story tells us that Business ' exploitation of employees causes depression and other economic upheaval , and makes a convincing case.As a beginning example the `` Molly McGuires '' of the Pennsylvania coal mining region will do nicely . For starters , historians agree that no group called the Molly McGuires existed in that area in 1873 . This was fabricated for publicity purposes by the mine owner , Franklin B. Gowen . He originally recognized the union in the belief that a strike would help to create a coal shortage and push up the price . He used the Molly McGuire myth , along with $ 100,000 , to persuade Pinkertons to come in and help infiltrate this alleged secret organization that was plotting such harm to mineowners . When Gowen cut the miners ' wages below the contract level , they struck . The miners and their families were starved , hunted , ambushed and some killed by a vigilante group sponsored by the president of the Philadelphia and Reading Railroad . After six months of hunger and bloodshed they went back to work , defeated . The union was destroyed , and those who had led the strike were blacklisted -LRB- not allowed to work in the coal mining industry -RRB- . Six Irishmen and the men they led in the Ancient Order of the Hibernians were determined to rebuild the union and restore miners ' wages . Gowen decided that no action was unjustified in getting rid of these troublemakers . He paid two informants who swore that the Irishmen had freely confessed to many murders in their presence . The first trial featured Gowen , the mine owner , as the special prosecutor . The man who actually committed the crime with which these Irishmen were charged testified against them and won his freedom . Nineteen men were convicted and hanged . The last two men were hanged in a rush so the governor 's pardon would not reach them in time to save their lives.Ethnic conflict , a primary tool of Big Business to set workers against one another , is surpassed in its effectiveness by the Red Scare tactic . `` Calling red '' has worked for over 100 years . Union organizers and sympathizers , oppressed workers , regardless of the desperate conditions they tried to alleviate , became ineffective once identified as Socialists or Communists . The opposition 's definition of Socialism or Communism was often wildly inaccurate . It made no difference whether the charge was true ; it still worked to cripple Labor action.Chapter 10 , titled Victory , outlines the rise and fall of the Committee for Industrial Organization , the CIO . The first action of the CIO occurred against the Firestone Tire Plant # 1 in Akron , Ohio , on January 29 , 1936 , where the workers had been subjected to speedup . They stayed in the plant for three days , and won their battle . The speed-up decreased , and the base rate of pay increased . Workers everywhere , exhilarated by the success of Firestone workers began to sit down , and joined the CIO . Within six months , the CIO had 2,000,000 members . `` Top AFL Leaders warned workers that the CIO was a Communistic plot but they continued flocking in , unimpressed . Although the formal charge made by the AFL against the CIO was dual unionism and refusal to abide by majority rule , its leaders never tired in associating the new organization with Moscow . '' In August 1938 , President of AFL Metal Trades Department John Frey told the Dies un-American Activities Committee that the CIO was Communist dominated . `` This testimony marked the beginning of the a government sponsored blacklist , inaugurating in recent times the Business use of government to destroy Labor via the red scare '' . The strength of the CIO was its left-and-center -LRB- political -RRB- coalition . Philip Murray , the leader of the CIO after Lewis ' departure in 1940 , was subjected to extreme pressure from Big Business for several years that finally broke him and the CIO . He declared that all member unions had to support the policies and vote for the candidates that the Executive Council approved . Allegedly , patriotism demanded the expulsion of the left unions . This split member unions away from the CIO , undermining its successful policy of unity in the face of external pressures and politics . The United Electrical Workers , Fur and Leather Workers , Mine Mill and Smelter Workers who had been the pace-setters in raising wage scales and winning conditions were expelled from the CIO on October 31 , 1949 . Labor 's Untold Story , ending in 1955 , does not look at possible solutions to the way business is financed in western society . If the stockholders are the tail wagging the dog , should be we looking for some other means of capitalizing business?Labor 's Untold Story is remarkable in its ability to recast economic history from the working person 's viewpoint . The traditional press does not encourage us to think about what happens in our daily work lives that lessens our dignity as workers and decreases our ability to support our families . Many stories in this book are shocking and heartrending . The authors worked from primary sources and what they judge as credible secondary sources . The book has the ring of veracity . It would be of interest to check other interpretations of the incidents cited in this book to see how others have analyzed them .
 This is a gripping , eye-opening , well-documented account of the American labor movement from its beginnings through to the mid-1950s . It brings alive the great figures and achievements of working class struggle that have been distorted by or excised from mainstream histories . Highly recommended for anyone who has read `` A People 's History of the United States '' and wants to know more.Sadly , the book pussyfoots around the important role of communists in the labor movement , and almost totally erases the contributions of anarchists -- mentioning Sacco and Vanzetti 's political convictions only in passing , and completely eliding the fact that Albert Parsons and other Haymarket martyrs were anarchists . Also , it ends on a rather pat and rosy note of hope that the then -LRB- 1955 -RRB- newly-formed AFL-CIO would rally American labor to even greater achievements . Thus it offers few lessons for the routed , coopted labor movement of today . Important conclusions about internal democracy and autonomy that could have been drawn from labor 's defeat are left to readers to draw for themselves.One more thing -- Notice that those reviewers who paint this book as ` biased ' do n't actually attempt to refute any of the factual matter Boyer and Morais bring to light . Having a point of view is no crime , in fact it clarifies debate to state your allegiances and conviction in the open , as the authors do . Attempting to conceal bias behind a facade of objectivity , as mainstream textbooks and news sources do , is what ought to be called into question .
 The right-wing reviewers who gave this book a one star , did not read this book . This is REAL history about working Americans and our struggles for economic justice . Just like today , -LRB- Enron , Worldcom should ring a bell -RRB- there were ruthless , greedy corporations who treated their employees like slaves . `` Labor 's Untold Story '' is a must for union activists , anti-globalization protestors and other independent thinkers who want to get the true stories of labor 's past battles .
 This book tells more about the people and the struggles of labor than most labor histories . The authors shed light on the subtle and not so subtle differences between te different unions . This book is well documented and footnoted . It describes business and government attempts to destroy labor with thoroughly documented sources . The book also shows how some labor leaders sold out the movement . This is a must read book for anyone who wants to know more about labor history
 Authentic people 's history to the core , Boyer and Morais ' Labor 's Untold Story covers all the gritty drama and history that shaped the world for working people throughout the United States . The exciting and neglected story of working people and their struggles for humane conditions and a living wage is vividly documented in this outstanding work . Any book that starts out with this gem of a Lincoln quote
 With a smooth , fluid style the writers reveal the roots and fruit of labor struggle over a period of 100 years . Some may try to criticize this book as being written from a left wing perspective . However , that argument quickly loses any meaning when you consider that concepts like participatory democracy and human/labor rights are inherently liberal/left wing concepts . All of that aside this is a fascinating book that not only is brave enough to look at controversial figures , but balanced enough to also provide criticisms where they are due . Overall the most important aspect of this book is in returning proper perspective to understand the labor struggle in its rightful place as a radical , progressive , people 's movement .
 The authors were clearly on the side of labor , however , I felt that their opinions were well backed with facts and references . The writing style was such that the book was exciting and involving . Much more than a history book , it makes you a part of the action . A must-read for anyone interested in the labor side of the labor movement in the United States .
 This is the other side of U.S. history not covered in mainstream textbooks
 This is a must-read for anyone who wants to know where the modern labor laws and labor unions come from . It depicts in stark detail the criminal acts against American working people that do not show up in many textbooks .
 This book is a corrective to conventional histories of America that often fail to give due attention to the long struggle that led to improvement in the condition of working people in America . When I first read it I was drawn in by the opening chapter , in which the authors describe how Southern pro-slavery writers linked abolition to miscegenation , free love and communism , and how the South hoped to introduce slavery into the north and the territories . The authors point out that slave labor was one of the obstacles to the progress of free laborers . One of the most important themes of this book is that the issues of race and of commumism have been used to divide workers and prevent them from organizing . The book was co-written by an historian and an attorney for the United Electrical Workers -LRB- UEW -RRB- , which was broken up by the federal government because of alleged communist influence . The writers are not afraid of the issue of socialism and communism and accuse the government of thought control , referring to laws that were passed in the 1950 's against communist influence in labor unions -LRB- and in every area of political life -RRB- . I have seen criticisms of this work which claim that it is biased and inaccurate , siding in many matters of historical controversy , such as the Sacco-Vanzetti case , the Molly Maguires , and the Haymarket bombings , with the labor point of view and ignoring contrary evidence . In fact it is lively and stimulating reading , and does illuminate parts of our history that are n't much written of . I think its historical accuracy holds up pretty well . Our political life has been in a sense neutered , since the 1950 's , by the insistence of the government on driving the very mention of socialism from the realms of political respectability . We are the poorer for this . I recommend this book and I. F. Stone 's The Haunted Fifties and a Glance at the Startling Sixties to those who really want a good account of a dissenting view , one that has nearly vanished from public discourse .
 Easy to read , well-developed , full of very useful information . I am now reading back through it and creating `` cheatsheets '' to take with me on the boat for quick reference - there 's that much info !
 I have read many books about Robert Kennedy in the past 20 + years and found this book to be one of the most personal and enjoyable biographies of Bobby . The author has access to many papers and people not previously quoted . While other books take more of a historical look at Bobby , this book is more personal . The reader will feel as if they know Bobby , which makes the ending all the more painful . It was a fairly quick read because I could hardly put the book down .
 Robert Kennedy was my very first hero as a child . He was certainly the man for everyone ; he was the voice of many.This delightful book provides some personal insights regarding the man 's character and political make up . Personal quotes from letters , documents and people who knew him create a strong sense of the man he was.It is a shame this book is out of print because it would be such a welcome addition to any library of Robert Kennedy . The author not only treats him with respect ; he views him with an affectionate eye and an almost sympathetic awe.Robert Kennedy was indeed an awe-inspiring person . Diligence was a trait that marked him his entire life . Mildly dyslexic as a boy , he would , by adult life become well versed in classic literature . Acrophobic his entire life , he would , in 1965 climb a previously unscaled mountain in Canada with two professional climbers out of love for his slain brother , the late President . This single act is very inspirational because he tabled his biggest fear and was able to act out of love . From all accounts , this man felt displaced among his older , more outgoing siblings . His was the classic `` shouting to be heard '' story . In adult life , his voice would become the voice of many ; his voice would be one readily and eagerly listened to and taken very seriously.His untimely death in 1968 leaves a painful void in history ; one can never help wondering what this at core good , committed and compassionate and very driven man would have accomplished had he won the 1968 Presidential Election .
 `` Bobby Kennedy The Making of a Folk Hero '' is a very well-written biography on RFK . Endless speculation abounds over what might have happened during the 1960s-1970s had he been elected . We may never know , but the reader can know more about his life in this great biography.Among the points covered include :1 . Early life and relationship with father , mother , brothers , and other family members -LRB- he was obviously very loyal to them -RRB- .2 . Search for meaning in life and aimlessness of his early years .3 . Experiences as Attorney General , Attorney , Presidential Candidate , and other roles .4 . Involvement in the Civil Rights Movement , especially when James Meredith was the first black student accepted at the University of Mississippi .5 . Campaigning for President.The narrative flows freely and you can really get a sense of what Bobby was feeling in certain events -LRB- JFK 's assassination , Martin Luther King , James Meredith , Bay of Pigs , JFK 's campaigns , etc. -RRB- . A great read on a person who could have really been used to change America -LRB- some say for the better , others say for the worse -RRB- . Highly recommended .
 I received this book as a gift from a friend a couple of years ago which inspired our circle of friends to start our own little haiku challenge . The poetry in this book is a collection of snippets from the lives of ordinary but creative people . It proves that everyone can find a little bit of revelation in their lives , in things as simple as a map or mist rising in the cold . And by sending those little snippets to friends they stayed as much a part of each others lives as if they were right next door . I really recommend dipping into this collection and maybe even starting your own haiku challenge ... it is n't meant to be classic haiku , but simply enlightenment in daily life , given with love from one friend to another .
 This collection includes some of my favourite poems rendering a very wide range of different situations , observations and feelings . To be precise , `` The Haiku Year '' is a collection of senryu rather than haiku and only few of the poems have any reference to the season . Instead , most of them focus entirely on different aspects of human life . Many of the poems deal with urban life and a modern life-style . Another thing which makes `` The Haiku Year '' different from many other collections is its tone . It is less formal and shows less decorum than any collection I have ever seen , which I think is great . But if you object to bad language etc , you may find it too provoking . However , to those who celebrate every aspect of human existence , I heartily recommend it .
 One of the hardest things to do - as a writer - is to keep things succinct . It is so amazing that the group of writers who had ' a haiku year ' all manage to beautifully express moments of their lives in a few lines.Though the poems vary in perspective and subject , they convey equally strong emotions . This book is enough to make you want to gather your own circle . And it 's small size makes it easy to bring with you wherever you may travel - whenever you are in need of 18 words of affirmation , frustration or love . It 's one of the few books I make sure is near my desk at all times .
 The Haiku Year was all that I anticipated and much more ! The haiku were really inspirational and enlightening ... I found myself looking at the things surrounding me in completely different ways from day to day . And for all you R.E.M. fans out there who stumbled across this book for one reason and one reason only ... it is much much more than that . -LRB- Trust me , I did the same thing . -RRB-
 When did you last have a very strong feeling of the present moment , and a simultaneous , visceral understanding of how that moment fits into the context of life ? Writing or reading Haiku poetry has a way of stimulating that feeling . The form is so condensed that it can feel sharp and sudden , like the sound of a balloon popping . This little book is a wonderful introduction to Haiku and also inspires the reader to experience the powerful effect of creating Haiku ; after all , the folks who wrote the Haiku 's collected here are ordinary Joe 's like you or me who all decided to just start writing one Haiku each day.The Haiku Year is much more than a delightful collection of interesting poems . It 's also a very interesting window into the lives of seven friends . It 's a bit like seven personal photo albums all mixed together , which gives it an enticing , voyeuristic feel for the reader . It 's also a bit like a puzzle ; did the person who wrote the Haiku about the cold pain of an ending relationship also write the one about the exhiliration of new love found?I highly recommend this book as a gift to yourself . Do you know someone who would be very surprised to receive from you a fresh , red rose ? Give them this book instead -LRB- or along with -RRB- .
 Not many people would argue that Japanese Buddhism and Tibetan Buddhism are n't valid or relevant religions . They may not be much like the `` original '' forms of Buddhism but they are Buddhism and they have much to say -LRB- to say the least . -RRB- They are just also `` japanese '' and `` tibetan '' and unavoidably have a context.I am a white American leftist yankee writing haiku , not some Japanese guy from a hundred years ago living on Mount Fuji . The syllable thing is bs anyway , since English syllables do not correspond in length to Japanese syllables.Haiku Year authors never claimed to be Basho or William Higginson for that matter . If you read the Haiku Year you will see that its main purpose is to show a year of friendship and observation -LRB- with all its warts -RRB- and hopefully inspire other folks to write as well . Its is not a guide to writing haiku or held up as the pinnacle of haiku writing.Muddy Waters is so much better than the Rolling Stones , but `` Dead Flowers '' , `` Monkey Man '' , and most of the Stones stuff rocks on its own merits . It also just might lead you back to Muddy Waters .
 A friend recommended this book , and while I found the book itself fairly interesting by far the best part has been the haiku circle we have created . We do it via email , and try to send a haiku every day to the mailing list . There are about 8 of us who do it regularly , another 4 or so who occasionally participate . It is by no stretch classic haiku , but taking a moment from our day to polish into a limited semi-formal pattern -LRB- we try to stick to 5-7-5 , but not always , and no other rules - it 's haiku if you say it is -RRB- . We 've just completed our first year , and it is very satisfying not only to receive , but also to take that daily meditation to focus on one moment , image , or thought , and try to shine it up to a sharable form .
 sometimes i think of my father as an aging hippie - a rusty van plastered with bumper stickers , a very liberal viewpoint , and long hair.the haiku year does n't conform to haiku norms , but it is n't about aging hippies . it 's a simple approach to the lives they lead.i have much respect for my dad , and this book is everything about him and and his friends that i love .
 This is one of the most inspiring books I have ever purchased . After reading the forward , my friends and I not only took on a Haiku Challenge , but created an art challenge where 6 of us are creating art work everyday and barraging the US mail and each other with our creations . The haiku in the book bring laughter and tears , warmth and sarcasm and mostly each of the friends closer to each other . We started our challenge last week and already life seems a bit fresher and more exciting ! The book is an inexpensive way to believe again that beauty , poetry and art can make anything possible .
 After having seen this in a bookstore , and having seen Michael Stipe 's name on the cover , I decided to pickk it up and boy was I surprised
 I was really wary about buy this , because , even though this one guy said it was really good , I did n't like haiku . I thought that it was boring and , besides , it 's always a bunch of old guys in sandals writing it about some dumb topic . I was wrong . These were about stuff I actually knew about and the like , and were enjoyable to read . This actually seems like it 'd be a cool thing to do with a bunch of friends , although I doubt we 'd have the discipline to do it every day or week .
 This small gem of a book can be appreciated not only from a modern poetic viewpoint but also from a philosophical standpoint as a comment on integrating pure creativity into our everyday motions . Read this book and be prepared to question your own thoughts . Perceptions might change after an afternoon with this book ...
 Crtitics disect the product and not the intension of the artist . The intension of THE HAIKU YEAR was to express and inspire . It does this and more . It is not `` classic '' haiku , it is free . Genius needs no critic . Hortensia ... you just dont get it because you have a structured , steeltrap for a mind .
 I discovered this book years ago while randomly flipping through poetry books at a bookstore . I bought it because after reading the authors introduction I felt like I needed to . They wrote a `` haiku '' a day to eachother for a year , they admitted that sometimes they forgot , and that their work was not based on the traditional stlye that we are all forced to learn in grade school . The very short , and rather brilliant poetry of Jack Kerouac was their influence . So in actuality the poems in the book are what Kerouac would have called `` pops '' , and therefore have no syllable pattern , seasonal reference is not required and it would make Basho cry . If you are looking for traditional haiku , this is probably a book to skip.Now , I enjoy traditional haiku as much as anyone . I also have alot of respect for contemporary writers who can adhere to those standards that I , and perhaps many others , can not . It is not to say that because of this the style should be abandoned , but niether should this idea of a Western form . The poems in this book give that form an excellent start , they embody many feelings and do indeed make the reader look at their life in a new way . I have read it several times over and shared it with friends who agree it has that effect.I love this book because it is modern , involves daily life , and inspires me . I have been undertaking the Haiku Challenge for about five years now with mixed success , but it has made my everyday life all the richer .
 Solid white page broken / by three lines text
 The unexpected return of her long lost college diary set Marian Wright Edelman on a quest to recall the mentors who helped her grow from a girl of the segregated south to the first Black woman admitted to the Mississippi Bar . If this book were to be viewed only as a further contribution to the history of the Civil Rights movement it would be a valued addition to a growing corpus . Offering an intimate glimpse of the young participants in that struggle for justice she further provides a poignant testament to the critically important role of the not so young who inspired it . Introducing both the celebrated and the obscure Edelman permits a rare insight into the formation of character and commitment . Long the best friend America 's children have ever had , in this book , Edelman serves an older clintele who are likely to find in it a powerful pull to accompany the young on the journey to adulthood . In recalling childhood teachers as well as the dominant figures of the 1960s Edelman brings wisdom , insight and strong spirituality to a much needed reflection on intergenerational sharing .
 Marian Wright Edelman , in pleasing prose , shares the experiences she had growing up surrounded by a community of mentors , both formal and informal . Edleman talks about the importance of parents , community elders as co-parents and mentors , and the powerful role teachers can play in the development of character . Her college years were greatly influenced by the civil rights leaders of the time , Martin Luther King , Malcolm X , and Robert Kennedy among others . Edelman shares lessons learned from influential faculty and family friends and helps readers understand what it is like to be a part of something larger than themselves.This book , which focuses on the powerful influence that mentors can have on children and young adults , finishes with Edelman 's `` Parent 's Pledge '' and `` Twenty-Five More Lessons for Life '' . She shares the wisdom gained from her parents and elders as well as her many years of experience working with children . Pearls such as `` Always remember you are God 's child . No man or woman can look down on you and you can not look down on any man or woman or child '' and `` Keep your word and your commitments '' provide valuable advice for those seeking a strong moral center . This book is a recommended read for anyone interested in life lessons learned from a woman of faith whose experiences have been enriched by her interactions with the mentors in her life .
 For centuries sailors have relied on the constellations of heavenly lanterns to guide their way . In crisp , vivid prose , Marian Wright Edelman tells us about the heroes who provided beacons of hope and inspiration , helping her find her way through the many moral dillemas of life and stay on course.What is interesting is the sheer variety of backgrounds Dr. Edelman 's heroes have . Nevertheless , they all share the author 's passion for human rights and social justice . As a bonus , Dr. Edelman gives a brief history of the civil rights era , a nice complement to two other fine books on that fascinating topic , Taylor Branch 's `` Parting the Waters '' and David Halberstam 's `` The Children . `` This book is much more a memoir . It is a call of action and an inspiration for all of us to act for the common good , to serve the community . It is up to the current generations to act as a positive role model for the next , much as Dr. Edelman 's mentors did for her.Mentors , lanterns , are important at all times , during the economic boom of the late 1990s , when this book was written , as well as in the troubled initial years of the 21st century . There are already too many ships out there lacking a sailor to read the stars . And some ships do n't even have a rudder .
 I like the book just because it was fun to read , but very skeptical about the way the writer admits he had seen ufo sightings night after night in chapter 10 of the book . My question is why in the world a guy like John Keel arms himself with only a flashlight and not a camera . He obviously sets himself up to see strange lights but does not bring a camera to capture the event . Unless he makes a book that has pictures for us to examine , and not hording all the evidence for himeself . Then I will have put him in the `` Good story teller '' catagory and not a `` ufooligist '' . I must admit I am tired of all the hidden evidence about this matter , and I think we are all ready for the truth . If you want my opinion I just threw all his credibility in the bin . I must admit I really enjoyed this book .
 This is one of the greatest books ever written on my favorite subject
 I loved this book . Anyone who is interested in UFO 's , this book is a classic . Of course , since I live in the area where the story takes places , it holds a very special interest to me .
 This book is absolutely outstanding ! John Keel really makes us thing out-of-the-box . You really begin to suspect that UFOs are not from `` out there '' . What they are ; no one really knows . There is something very strange going on . Some encounters with these beings are so bizarre that the mystery just keeps deepening . -LRB- See also Passport to Magonia -RRB- . The Universe is most definitely much more complex that we think . I do n't believe we are even close to figuring this thing out . And , that 's what I love about it !
 Another reviewer recommended seeing the movie first and reading the book second . This is a good idea as the movie is good for entertainment value and about 10 % truth . Keel 's book is the actual events as they took place . The book is told in a straight-forward and scientific manner . I was very glad that the author did not spend the whole time talking just about the Mothman . He also included parts of related phenomenon , such as the men-in-black . Definitely a book that needs to be read by UFO enthusiasts .
 Having read at least 50 books on UFOs and related phenomena , `` The Mothman Prophecies '' has become one of my favorites along with those of Jacques Vallee . This classic is a must read and reaches the unpopular but most likely true conclusion that UFOs are n't from outer space but are psychic in nature .
 This book is a rarity in UFO literature , primarily b/c most UFO books present their information in dates and names and places and events ... in a sense , completely without any feeling or substance beyond the ` happening . ' The shocker of the ending of THE MOTHMAN PROPHECIES you already know if you read the 1st chapter , but , as you 've been drawn further and further into the lives of the main participants , the ending hits you like a sledgehammer b/c you 've spent the last 250 pages forgetting all about it . More UFO books should be written with this humanistic approach ; perhaps then the subject would n't be so taboo .
 I saw the movie and had to have the book . This book is very scary leaving you grasping for the truth . I was actually scared to the point of turning lights on in my house ! I am not usually a fraidy cat like that , but jeesh . Monsters can be killed . Vampires can be staked . Mummies can be burned . Ghost can be lead into the light . What do you do to ward off a creature from another dimension or time or planet that has a hot laser and ai n't ` fraid to use it ? Nothing as you 'll read in the masterful tale of suspense and honesty . Mr. Keel will come right out and tell you when he and others are afraid , hurt , and run for their lives . This book FEELS true in many aspects . My recommendation - read this during the day and try not to think of it at night . Do n't answer the door , turn off the phone -LRB- if you can -RRB- , and call a buddy . This ai n't your momma 's UFO .
 THE MOTHMAN PROPHESIES - Although I am a great fan of the movie , I only recently learned that the source for that film was John Keel 's original book also entitled THE MOTHMAN PROPHESIES , a very interesting and enjoyable read . Until reading this book I had no idea that the legend of the Mothman was in any way related to UFO sightings as these were not emphasized in the film.Since I am a 63 year old amateur astronomer and have spent many evening hours while living in Florida , Connecticut , New Jersey as well as upstate New York scanning the night skies with my telescopes and binoculars , I am definitely not a believer in UFO stories . It is nice to hear another theory from John Keel based more on possible other dimensions , world lines and the spirit realm rather than space hardware from other planets . However , I remain more than skeptical . If we can believe John Keel 's book , something very strange is going on which clearly undermines our world view of reality . Until I see an impressive UFO -LRB- or a Mothman or two -RRB- for myself I will remain a very interested skeptic , always open to hearing the latest `` eyewitness '' accounts.A very learned friend of mine who has passed away was a lifelong UFO researcher and believer in the hardware theory of UFO 's . His great passion for the subject , intelligence , charm and professional standing as a lawyer made it possible for him to have worked with many names in the field including
 John A. Keel -LRB- 1930-2009 -RRB- Let me set the record straight - love the book , hated the travesty of the movie . To compare the movie with the book is much like comparing ancient & modern Rome - there 's a few remnants of the original here and there but not much else . This is a classic work that demonstrates how truly strange our world and minds are . From Keel 's first published work , `` Jadoo '' onwards , I find an author that exemplifies a crisp journalistic style much like a paranormal Mickey Spillane that carries you along at an exciting pace . This is the gothic non-fictional novel of the post-modern world in which intrusions into ordinary reality remain the enigmas of a surreal universe.If you can locate a copy of the Illuminet Press version with the Frank Frazetta cover , you will be rewarded by an insightful afterword by Keel that places much into perspective after the initial events of 1966-67 . Highly recommended . This is one book I read every year , waiting for a rainy weekend to escape into the wonder of an eclectic unknown .
 ... Still , the book is so far the only comprehensive `` Mothman '' analysis from a writer who has spent time in the area . The Mothman phemomena is one that remains a mystery . Something bizarre happened in West Virginia , and it was n't the first time . The Flatwoods Monster is another puzzling incident that happened several years before . And across the Atlanctic , not too many years after Mothman , England gave us `` Owlman . '' What are the connections between these , and other `` high strangeness '' encounters ? What WAS Mothman ? It is a mystery that needs to be remembered , and explored . Keel does that . This book belongs on everyone 's shelf -- anyone who is interested in the paranormal.Hopefully the new edition of this title will include sources , index and the like . The inclusion of such would add greatly to this resource .
 I was a truck driver from Huntington WV and had just crossed the Silver Bridge a few days before Dec 15 . I remember that horrible tragedy to this day . There was some strange goings on in and around Pt Pleasant at that time . I firmly believe John Keel has just about figured it all out , -LRB- as much as humanly possible -RRB- . He has a different approach as compared with all the standard UFO crap out there . This is a eye opener , with all the respectable people he talked to which he knew not to be lying . You must read this book , but pay attention because he does skip around . You will understand after you get into it that it is all tied together . VERY INTERESTING AND SPELL BOUNDING --------- Al , Leesburg , Fl
 Keel is a true investigator . He leaves no path untread upon in his search for the truth behind the UFO phenomenon . His countless accounts of the Men in Black and their games will inform you as to their place in all of this , frighten you and even make you laugh out loud . His work helps defend the theory that aliens are inter-dimensional rather than extra-terrestrial . Even if you are not a UFO buff , this is a smooth , yet thorough induction into this strange and all too close world . Even for you non-believers , the connections made in this book will at the very least gnaw at you and most definately entertain you . It is by far the most engrossing book you may ever encounter , on many levels . It will literally change the way you look at the world and leave you with many thoughts that you may never shake . One being , `` I do n't ever want to be visited . It 's no one-shot deal ! ''
 Believe It or Not ? Well , frankly , I do n't believe all of it , though I 'm sure those folks in West Virginia saw something mighty interesting . But in all the lengthy annals of Fortean / supernormal / paranoia-lit journalism , Keel does stand out as an author with an above-average storytelling ability . He also has the ability to not take himself entirely seriously , a trait often sorely lacking in the genre . With all that and a trans-phenomenon Grand Unified Theory of Weird Stuff to offer , this book is definitely worth checking out for those interested in the field .
 Investigators like John Keel do n't seem to exist anymore , so get this book while it 's still in print for an honest approach toward unexplained phenemenon . It will probably never be able to compete with the books that assure us we are being visited by ET 's , angels/demons and/or ancient deities . People want something to believe in . `` Belief is the enemy '' , warns Keel . How many paranormal researchers do you know would say that ? We are goldfish in a fishbowl being watched over and toyed with , but by What ? This is the question Keel will leave you with and that will keep you staring wide eyed up at the ceiling late at night in bed ...
 You 'd have thought it would be a quantum physicist , but it was the great biologist J.B.S. Haldane who said , `` I suspect that the universe is not only queerer than we suppose , but queerer than we can suppose . '' John Keel 's most seminal work is dedicated to the proposition that the universe is even queerer than that . Is he for real ? Is the universe for real ? Did any of this mishegass , other than the briefly famous bridge collapse , really happen ? I do n't know ; but there is no better guide into the surreal realms of `` high strangeness '' than Mr. Keel , and if you can suspend disbelief for a couple of hundred pages , you will at the very least have heard the creepiest campfire story ever told.More than any other living writer , Keel has inherited the slippery mantle of the late great Charles Fort . He shares Fort 's daring , his sardonic sense of humor , his tender concern that `` damned '' facts not disappear into oblivion , his naive acceptance of every story that comes down the pike , his generous willingness to entertain any theory , and his delight in watching perverse phenomena blow every theory to smash . But if Keel 's really a reincarnation , then Fort must have learned how to write during his last go-round in the Bardo , because Fort was hard slogging and this book is a zippy ride.What Keel gives us is a set-piece blocking all exits from what might as well be known as Keel 's Law
 If you 're new to the paranormal and/or crytozoological studies , you should deffinately pick this up . Its light reading , so you wo n't have to constantly analyze if something is symbolic or not . Its written like an episode of `` Law and Order '' , really . In the book , Keel relates events that he experienced , centered around the West Virginia town of Point Pleasant . Very rarely does Keel ever color the events with his view or interpritation of things . Usually he relates the facts and lets the reader come to any conclusions that need to be come to . This is very important , as usually books of the paranormal ilk are SATURATED with the authors view of what a specific event is or means . Overall , its highly enjoyable . If you are even remotely interested in paranormal phenemonons , this is a fantastic book to start with . Any conclusions you come to will be those of yourself based on the evidence provided , not because the author colored things to make it appear more one way than another . The only thing that could have made this book any better was maybe a deluxe edition that would include pictures of some of the reoccuring characters and scenes , such as Mrs. Hyre and the TNT area . Sometimes sketches of visiting entities are mentioned , it would have been awesome to see these sketches . There is a whole realm of possibilities for additional photographic illustrations to this book that could add more depth and realism . That is the only thing that could have made this book better , for what it is . However , this is just bonus material , none of it is needed to better understand the story , so there is no reason to mark down for such things not being included .
 The movie was good but forget about connecting that flick to this book . This book was first written in 1975 - NEARLY 30 YEARS AGO ! If you have ever read `` true story '' UFO books before , then you have probably come across a lot of recent material that seems more plausible like `` The Gulf Breeze Sightings by Ed Walters '' and `` Fire in the Sky
 ... And this is my story . I 've been there and seen it . Even Mormon History circa mid-1800 's includes the unexplained occurences so well depicted in this book . While Point Pleasant has been `` Californicated '' in the past 6 years , a night drive through the area will still produce a puckering sensation . This is Twin Peaks FOR REAL !!
 I still cant believe this book was turned into a movie . Though the movie did n't capture even 5 % of the scariest moments in the book . This book could easily change your perspective on UFO 's and monsters forever . Despite the fact that this could be John Keels most unpolished work it is perhaps the most ground breaking too.If you are the type of person who can believe that scores of people would frantically contact local authority and the press to foolishly report a rare stork with red eyes then this book is n't for you . A 7-ft leathery gray humanoid with glowing red eyes and a huge wingspan that flies fast enough to chase cars down is not something dozens of people are mistaking for anything else.I almost did n't buy this book years ago when I first heard about it . It just seemed too fantastic . When I finally picked it up I was stunned by all the 1st hand experiences of the author.The first Wednesday after I read the book I looked outside my house for UFOs . An old school Cadillac rolled by and made a turn at the end of my block , which would force it to back track . The windows were black . Nothing else happened . When I got back inside I had a message from my best friend . He was somewhat frantic . He said
 i saw the book before the movie and the book blew me away ... although there are some differences , it was just as good as the movie . loved it .
 Several documented strange cases from UFO 's to Giant Birds can be found in this book . The book is VERY interesting to read , you will go thru the first 40 pages in a heart beat .
 Keel is a true investigator . He leaves no path untread upon in his search for the truth . His exceptional accounts of the Men in Black are strange , frightening and even humorous at times and help the reader to better understand their place in this whole game . His work defends his theory that aliens and UFOs are inter-dimensional rather than extra-terrestrial . Even if you are not a UFO buff , his book is an easy yet extremely thorough initiation into this world . And even for you non-believers , it is recommended reading . It is by far the most entertaining book you may possibly ever encounter , on many levels . It will change the way you look at the world and leave you with many thoughts that you may never shake . One of them being , `` I do n't ever want to be visited . It 's no one-shot deal . ! ''
 If you liked the movie then this is a must read ! Best I have had in reading in a while .
 UFO subject is a fascinating subject for many . This book wonderfully narrates the authors struggles with hyper dimensional denizens ` cat and mouse ' game . Based on the book , mothman is a tool of hyper dimensional denizens to distract the population at a time lot of animal mutilations going on . The book is a thrilling ing in its narration , subject , content and truthful.In the process the reader will get the understanding of the psychological , physical , emotional mechanics UFO denizens use to distract and marginalize the curious willed people who wants to research and share . Highly recommend the book . Movie is only tip of the iceberg . Authors later books on UFO 's has more details of his experiences that shaped his understanding of the reality . Easy to read , absorb and understand the much touted complex subject of UFO 's . Author pretty much concludes that hyper dimensional denizens with time travel capabilities uses different spectrum of frequencies to create the distraction and harm the curious .
 Think flying saucers are real ? Lie awake nights listening to Art Bell ? Do you get an eerie feeling that something significant is happening when spooning mashed potatoes onto your plate ? This book will either set your mind at rest or scare your socks off , possibly a little of both.Yes , we 've been visited , but not by creatures from Venus trying to warn us about nuclear proliferation , though you may be abducted , and an anal probe is not completely out of the question . This is an investigation of sightings , in the vicinity of Point Pleasant , West Virginia , during 1966 and 1967 , of UFOs and many other strange things , including a ten-foot-tall , black , winged devil-bat creature with glowing red eyes that terrorized people in lonely farmhouses -LRB- `` Mothman '' -RRB- . Not to mention Men in Black who showed up next day to warn witnesses to keep quiet . The string of incidents culminated with a bridge collapse -LRB- depicted melodramatically in the movie of the same name -RRB- , after which the visitations stopped.Keel 's account of his stay in Point Pleasant , his interviews of witnesses , and his own encounters is all too credible . To make any sense of this , the only thing I can conclude is , there is a semi-intelligent force on our planet that has been manifesting as `` lights in the sky '' and making mischief , some of it lethal , for millenia . In each age humans fasten on the explanation that most closely parallels current superstition , science , or popular culture , whether it be flying saucers and Roswell , witches riding broomsticks lighting their way with lanterns , or gods , pans and centaurs flitting through forests . The forces or intelligences -LRB- OK , call them demons -RRB- seem willing to play their part , adapting to the zeitgeist.Periodically an individual is singled out for `` illumination , '' usually at a lonely crossroads . That lucky person founds a cult , gathers followers , and the whole thing ends with a bunch of people on a mountain top waiting for the mothership , which never shows up , unlike that Spielberg movie.Studying these phenomena is exactly what can attract these demonic creatures to you , so the best advice is , ignore the whole thing , and for heavens sake do n't read this book.Just kidding . I 've read it several times over the years , as well as Keel 's `` Our Haunted Planet '' , which I also found fascinating , and recommend to you .
 Good book . I would recommend it to anyone who is interested in supernatural subjects or anything unexplainable . The book explains much more than Mothman and WV . It explains the relation between Mothman and the supernatural occurrences that took place during that time . Definetly a good book .
 One of Keel 's most appealing sentiments
 Well for one thing , the book is pretty freakin ' freaky . Aside from the fact that Keel often goes off on crazy tangents about how he thinks the world works , the book is pretty good . I 'm not sure if all of this actually happened , but if it did then I 'm sold !
 If you 're into the strange and unexplained , UFOs , strange creatures , then John Keel will never disappoint you.This book provided hours of pleasant reading but it should 've been named `` My ordeal with the Men In Black '' because the actual material involving the Mothman is miniscule compared to the frightening ordeal he describes involving the MIB .
 When I heard a movie was to be made of `` The Mothman Prophecies '' I was jubilant not only because of the opportunity to see how the Pt . Pleasant phenomena would play out on film but because I knew the movie would bring attention to the mesmerizing , enjoyable , book , which I have owned for decades . The filmmakers wove a fictional story-structure in which to inplant just a few of the bizarre happenings reported in John Keel 's book , and I feel they did about about as well as I could have hoped . I was thoroughly engaged by storyline , acting , and the kernels of Keel 's theories that were retained and presented . But readers need to understand the difference between a cohesive yarn set in the present and the disjointed happenings that took place decades ago in West Va. . A goodly number of reviewers of the book have picked up on Keel 's contention that these spooky thingees , whether sporting wings or dressed in funereal black and not quite `` passing '' as real folks , are mutable in form but consistent in intent
 Having read The Mothman Prophecies back in 1976 , I just head to check out the audio book . I was not disappointed . Mr. Keel is always entertaining ! I wont go into what the book is about since that information is already described . I will say that this audio book is well read by Craig Wasson - it is just an added pleasure ! Very informative and entertaining ! Buy this-you wont be disappointed !
 This book is a convincing collection of data that leads the reader towards John Keel 's thesis
 Really good read . Interesting , fact finding information was researched very well.Keeps you reading , not boring at all .
 I have had this book before but lost it . I loved it the first time I read it , and having read it again , I still love it . It is a fascinating , thought provoking , and entertaining book . It 's author , John Keel , has been my favorite author for the past four decades .
 John Keel 's `` factual '' account of the mysterious occurrences that took place in 1966 and 1967 in the small town of Point Pleasant , WV , is both eminently readable and genuinely creepy . Through extensive interviews with dozens of eyewitnesses , Keel compiles all the data and demonstrates the connection between the appearances of the Mothman -LRB- a winged , red-eyed , demon-like apparition terrorizing the Point Pleasant populace -RRB- , a serious UFO flap taking place in the area at the same time , and veiled `` warnings '' of impending disaster that were being expressed to the witnesses of the above in dreams.The book does tend to jump around quite a bit as Keel intersperses other UFO reports and paranormal experiences in with the Point Pleasant data to make his points . The reader will have to pay attention in order to keep all of this straight.As in most cases , the book is far superior to the film of the same name . -LRB- The movie takes serious artistic license in many cases and even changes some of the important parts of the book . -RRB- It 's obvious that Keel is passionate about this subject and that he has done his `` homework '' . After reading `` The Mothman Prophecies '' , you may never look at the nighttime sky in the same way again .
 As many of the other reviewers have said , this book is n't in chronological order nor does it put forth any kind of explanation for the mysterious events it describes - which I myself was rather disappointed by . You can catch glimpses of what Keel might be thinking from his comments throughout - enough to know , for example , that he does n't buy the extraterrestrial invasion theory and that he thinks that the things people see are naturally occurring phenomena that most people just are n't aware of - but he never really sits down and explains it at length , despite the wealth of information he 's gathered and thought about.However , the anecdotes and experiences presented were interesting - and by the sheer wealth and similarity of them , compelling . The nonlinear format might have helped to make it interesting in some ways , even if it distracted in others .
 I just finished the Mothman and found it to be a very interesting account of a rash of strange sightings in the late 1960 's , centered around a town called Point Pleasant . The tales of strange men in black unable to act and look fully human arriving on people 's doorsteps is chilling to say the least . There are plenty of strange sightings and weirdness documented in this novel . I ca n't say I believe in UFO 's or Mothmen but he makes an interesting case study of what happened back then , telling of the contactees from all walks of life who supposedly saw UFO 's and the hi-jinks of otherworldly visitors after they reported it.Unfortunately , there is very little about the Mothman and at times , I felt frustrated since we did n't get quite as much of he/it as I would have liked . Still its a very interesting read , it kept me glued so I gave it five stars anyway . I still found it to be one of the more interesting of UFO literature . I liked the way he wrote this book in that you can detect a tone of skepticism as well as awe of the events . No one is sure what these things are but I liked what he wrote in the beginning on their possible origins which I wo n't give away . He writes with a lot of humour and its very well-written . I especially loved hearing about Woody 's trip to Lanulos , an interplanetary nudist colony of sorts.All I can say is that I loved this book . Keel writes with a good eye and a sense of humour . Interesting events . Spooky and fun all at the same time .
 I saw the film years ago and loved it . I 've read most of the Mothman books , so I 'm surprised that I always felt a strange mental block against reading this actual book for so long -LRB- Keel might have said this was the MIB putting a thought block in my head -RRB- . I am an enormous lifelong fan of both horror/scifi and ufology , as well as cryptozoology . I give this book a highly favorable review for several reasons.First off , I completely agree with the reviewers who said the book is disjointed and has the feel of Keel having slapped together his notebooks . However , Keel has such an engaging prose and an ability to take an almost objective stand on this controversial stuff , that I never got confused . Part of Keel 's art is that he thoroughly convinces the reader that he saw these things and furthermore believes most of the witnesses , yet just at the right points in the narrative , he interjects a comment to the effect that everyone has it all wrong , there are no UFOs -LRB- as people understand them -RRB- and much of it is really chicanery , enough so that the reader wonders what the truth is . Perhaps this tactic is appropriate
 This book is amazing ! It was not at all like I expected . I saw the movie in 2003 and enjoyed it , so when I picked up the book this year I figured it would be as good or as always better . I thought it would center on a few Moth man sightings . I was very surprised to find out that it was more about UFO visitations , abductions , Men In Black , time travel , strange visitors , conspiracy theories and strange phone calls . The Mothman was only a sideshow to the main attraction ! As I said in the title of the review , it is like reading the diary of a madman . You start reading and you ca n't believe what you are reading is supposed to be a true story . It sucks you in and you go on and on in search of answers that the author is so franticly looking for . It is disjointed and jumps around but I believe it ads a little flair to the style . I highly recomend this book and I ca n't wait to read John Keel 's other work ! I also hope someone remakes the movie as well . Not that the 2001 movie is bad , but if someone followed the book closer , the movie would make the film 12 Monkeys look soft in comparison !
 John Keel did an absolutely terrific job , researching , developing and organizing this story . I purchased the original release and read it the same day . Overwhelmed would be a good term to use here , the book encompassed all aspects of the case.Was Mothman real , imaginary or a paranormal entity ? Did Mothman truly have something to do with the collapse of the Silver Bridge ? And have we seen or heard the last of Mothman ? Some of these answer you may find in `` Mothman Prophecies '' if you look hard enough . Easy , enjoyable read , better than the movie !
 John Keel 's ideas -LRB- now much repeated by the paranormal crowd -RRB- center around a sort of deconstructionist/quantum physics attitude applied to supernatural phenomenon.I like the creepiness , and I like how from the very beginning , Keel describes that creepiness is relative.All manner of weird things happen to poor John on his quest to find the Mothman , a large , winged being haunting Point Pleasant , W.Va. , just across the river from Ohio . The process of investigation leads to Men In Black , hairy hominids , ufos and other odd flying machines and Keel leads us to believe that this bizarre process happens with every such investigation . Wild!The other great thing about the Mothman Prophecies is that the story is an arc with a beginning , a middle , and a tragic -LRB- and frightening -RRB- end . Unlike many paranormal books , Keel dose n't wade into the material as a believer . He is in disbelief even as he reveals his strange facts .
 Keel 's tome regarding the Mothman has nothing to do with the film -LRB- ok , I 'm nitpicking -RRB- ... more to the point , it involves itself not only with the events in West Virginia , but , also with events on Long Island and other locales.THIS IS NOT A NARRATIVE.At least , not in the normal sense . It 's a story of one man 's journey from skeptic to the other side ... by the end of the book , Keel is not necessarily a stone believer , but he is a stone paranoid , which amounts to the same thing . He goes into the book carrying one belief system and walks out of it with quite another.This , I feel , is the actual appeal of the book . We get to witness not the transformation of a character , but the transformation of the author , which makes this not only a fascinating study , but a dangerous book indeed.And why is it dangerous ? Because a researcher changed his mind ? No , it is dangerous because the researcher had CREDENTIALS beforehand ... he 's a scholar . If Gore Vidal -LRB- the historian -RRB- told you that in his research for `` Lincoln '' he discovered that Lincoln liked to savage rabbits with his bare hands ... would you believe me?Of course not ... but the problem here is that there is no historical record to go on , that if we are to believe , we believe on the basis of our judgment of a man 's character.That said , I believe he is telling the truth . I have read not only the book in question , but many other works by Keel , and I believe him to be sane . Naive , yes , often . But always he thinks about his topic . This educated man experienced something back in 1967 . The question is
 Never mind the nattering naybobs of negativity , this book is a classic . Why does Keel go into so many other subjects ? Because the Mothman case he worked on was not an isolated `` monster '' invasion but an outbreak of various strange phenomena that had at its center recorded sightings of an unidentified winged creature dubbed the `` mothman . '' These sightings were part of a larger picture . Keel tells a complicated tale that requires some intelligence and imagination to understand . Without his various sidetrips there is no connection with the bridge collapse and hence no story or drama other than the individual encounters with the apparition . The movie was good but it dramatized the actual events for the sake of making a more cohesive story , just as all other movies based on books do . Take any book based on historical events and make a fiction film out of it and you 'll find that certain distoritions must occur . You ca n't go back and blame history just because it is n't as thrilling and manipulated as fiction .
 I. HISTORY A lot of `` the unexplained '' books today got their inspiration from pioneer books like this one . I read this book several times in middle school & now many -LRB- though not all -RRB- of its theories have been confirmed with the knowledge I possess today . NOT recommended for immature readers.II . PLOT Keel 's bold `` documentary '' not only grips the reader because the physical events ACTUALLY occurred , but also because the book was written during a time when MIBs , aliens , & `` mystery monsters '' were politically INcorrect . Now everyone is jumping on the `` UFO '' bandwagon.III . CHARACTERS The characters * are * or * were * real . Although Keel was a UFO journalist & therefore has a biased view , the events , interviews & conversations actually occurred AND he was there when much of it happened.IV . THE UNEXPLAINED Keel offers a refreshing hypothesis behind the nature of the `` unexplained '' & `` unscientific '' events which STILL occur . Although * many * components of his theory are off-key , his theories including the observations that UFOs are `` primarily psychic in nature '' & come from `` inner space vs. outer space '' are not far off base . And Keel is a nonChristian!V . REALITY WAKE UP AMERICA & skeptics ! Even the Bible & world religions -LRB- which DO N'T support the Bible -RRB- testify to this . If modern-day mediums can conjur up spirits , if psychics have `` spirit guides '' that tell you your personal 411 when many of you dial the psychic hotline , if Tibetan monks can create `` tulpas '' or manifested thought-forms , if cameras suddenly jam when `` mystery creatures '' are about to be photographed & UFOs can alter human consciousness , then maybe their nature IS more non-physical than physical . And maybe DUH ! , they ARE similar in origin.Final thought
 Although I realize at the time it was written , politically correct descriptions of people were not the same as today , yet some of these things are too strong to be overlooked . The following descriptions are honestly found in the book : negroids or colored persondescribing a gay men as a sexual deviantall small town cops have pot belliesmost contactees are poorly read -LRB- the West Virginian residents -RRB- craggy foreign facethey were foreigners , you know , Japs or somethingmen in formal suits and ties were never seen in West Virginia before his arrivaldreary coal mining towns of Appalachia where he suggests the people are hillbilliesfrail sparrowlike women I usually see in Appalachiarapid fire language that sounded like Spanish `` cocoa '' cola bottleI give the book merits on the fierce and intense research Mr. Keel put into the book , and it is more entertaining than I thought it would be . However , other points that need to be identified are
 Good read . If half of what is written in this book is true ; then are world is much stranger than we can imagine.One of my favorite books .
 John A. Keel has been around a long time and I personally think he is one of the most underrated authors of this century . He tells of emotions felt while experiences are taking place as they happened which is really a missed factor in writing now-a-days . Skeptics hate this book down to the cover dismissing it as unbelieveable , yet , none of the information in the book has been explained yet .
 This is a thorough , thought-provoking narrative of Mr. Keel 's investigation in the late 1960 's of a rash of UFO , `` creature '' and `` MIB '' reports in and around Pt . Pleasant , WV . The reader is presented with an almost journalistic accounting , relatively free of the bias , presupposition or fanaticism that tends to characterize this genre . Particularly impressive is the attention given to historical precedents and similar themes found throughout human myth and legend
 In order to comprehend the TRUE nature of All of the incidents of the paranormal -LRB- from Mothman to automatic writing -RRB- one could do no better than to read ALL of Keel 's writings . UFOs are not ships from other planets -LRB- they 're not `` false sightings '' , either -RRB- and big hairy monsters are not unknown biological life forms -LRB- yes , they are real and not `` mistaken sightings '' . -RRB- Keel demonstrates the nexus extant between all sectors of the paranormal -- between clairvoyants , ufos , monsters , demonic possession , possessed individuals , demons , MIBs , ghosts , and much more . As a former journalist , he knows the correct questions to ask which is mandatory in obtaining the correct answers to expose any mystery . The claims he made decades ago , which may seem impossible , are being endorsed by quantum physics today -- not that ufos or bigfeet exist but that the nature of space and time -LRB- referred to as `` spacetime '' in physics -RRB- is such that they are allowed , in the laws of nature , to exist -- quantum reality or the reality extant at , if not beneath , the subatomic level . We perceive only a very small modicum of reality , as there is a helluva lot more to it than we could ever perceive . The ultimate question is
 The Mothman Prophecies is a great book . Even though the book is n't very organized , if you look hard enough , you gain somewhat of an understanding about the FBI , MIB -LRB- Men in Black -RRB- , the mothman and other paranormal creatures . This book tells the stories of the people that live in Point Pleasant , West Virginia , who are witnesses to the Mothman and UFO 's . Throughout this book John A. Keel gets off the subject and sometimes the book does n't always make sense . But , do n't let that bother you . Despite the fact that this book has no point and is plotless it is still a great book . It 's a suspenseful page-turner and even leaves you questioning which stories were real and which stories were n't .
 Keel is a true investigator . He leaves no path untread upon in his search for the truth behind the UFO phenomenon . His countless accounts of the Men in Black and their games will inform you as to their place in all of this , frighten you and even make you laugh out loud . His work helps defend the theory that aliens are inter-dimensional rather than extra-terrestrial . Even if you are not a UFO buff , this is a smooth , yet thorough induction into this strange and all too close world . Even for you non-believers , the connections made in this book will at the very least gnaw at you and most definately entertain you.I 've probably read over a hundred books on paranormal and UFOs and still have them . I found ` Alien Agenda ' by Marrs and ` Alien Rapture by Fouche - Steiger to be my favorites , and I have read them more than once . Alien Rapture - The Chosen by Fouche is being made into a screen-play by a major studio in Burbank CA . Also see all the books by Jim Marrs .
 I LOVED THE MOVIE BASED ON THIS BOOK SO I DECIDED TO BUY & READ THE BOOK FOR MYSELF . I THOUGHT I WOULD READ IT WHEN I WAS UP ALONE LATE ONE NIGHT AFTER MY HUSBAND HAD GONE TO BED . THAT WAS NOT SUCH A GOOD IDEA ! THE BOOK SCARED ME MORE THAN THE MOVIE DID ! I AM NOT SAYING THAT I ACCEPT EVERYTHING IN THIS BOOK AS PURE FACT , BUT I DO BELIEVE IN THE SUPERNATURAL AND IT CAN BE VERY , VERY SCARY . AT ANY RATE , WHETHER THIS BOOK IS TRUE OR NOT IT IS VERY INTERESTING & A VERY GOOD & EASY READ . I JUST DO N'T RECCOMEND THAT YOU READ IT WHEN YOURE UP ALONE LATE AT NIGHT . IT MIGHT JUST GIVE YOU THE CREEPS LIKE IT DID ME . I WAS SPOOKED FOR THE REST OF THE NIGHT AND PART OF THE NEXT DAY ! THE EVENTS IN THIS BOOK ARE VERY BIZAREE & CREEPY !!!!!! -LRB- JUST A FAIR WARNING !!!! -RRB- BUT LIKE I SAID IT WAS A VERY GOOD READ . 5 STARS .
 This is a gripping book about the strange `` mothman '' encounters in West Virginia in the 1960s . If you have any interest in the paranormal you should definitely give this book a try . It is great entertainment , even if you 're one of those skeptics who do n't believe a word the author is saying . I wish the plot of the movie had been closer to the book .
 Since my family comes from West Virginia , not too far from Point Pleasant , I thought that this would be a rather interesting book . I loved it . John Keel really summed up his sightings an accounts very well . I 'd recommend this book to anyone who has interests in the paranormal of any kind . It seems to have it all
 This is the real story behind the movie . This story is more compelling than anything Hollywood could make up .
 This book was originally published by Saturday Review Press in 1975 and languished thereafter . `` Ufology '' meanwhile careened into the mad pursuit of red herrings such as Roswell , the MJ-12 documents , the John Lear hypothesis , abduction `` research , '' etc. -LRB- basically the basis of the `` X files '' -RRB- and in the process has reverted to its infancy babbling about crashed saucers , little dead aliens in Hanger 14 , and aliens in underground bases -LRB- although back then they were called `` Deros '' -RRB- . The disinformation boys much be laughing themselves sick , I hope their getting a percentage of the movie and TV revenue.Illuminet brought it back -LRB- along with companion volume OPERATION UFO -RRB- several years back . Apparently the message is not much more popular . To those who , like Mulder , `` want to believe '' Keel says starkly `` belief is the enemy . '' To skeptics want to disbelieve , Keel presents a deeper skepticism , not only of reality status , but of meaning . -LRB- Just because an entity exists does n't mean it wo n't mess with your head . -RRB- To those self-styled `` responsible ufo researches '' who mutter about `` explain one unknown with another '' and the need for `` Ockham 's razor '' Keel 's attempt at explanations are no more strange than the phenomenon itself -- sometimes the * only * way to explain an unknown is with another unknown . This book has something to offend just about every `` camp '' therefore only individual free thinkers can appreciate it.Choppy ? Yeah , I guess . But it should be read in conjunction with TROJAN HORSE and the EIGHTH TOWER , which includes material left out of MOTHMAN.Is he lying ? Maybe . But more respectable ufologist -LRB- whatever that means -RRB- like Jenny Randles in PENNINE UFO MYSTERY , Jacques Vallee in CONFRONTATIONS , and Halliday & Pugh in the DYFED ENGIMA , report many of the same strange happenings -LRB- though not * all * of them at the same time and not as intensely -RRB- . Finally they should consult UFO DYNAMICS by Berthold Schwarz for an even more thoroughly document work on the psychic aspects of the phenomenon.Keel speculates at times . But * nobody * has better gut hunches and when he reports his own experiences and those of others he 's interviewed he 's rock solid . Sometimes when he veers off into ancient astronauts like wool gathering he 's weak . But in this book it 's at a minimum.Truly scary . Best read during the day with people present .
 I read some of the one star reviews in my curiosity as to why others did not like the read.Some claim the book was either lame , that it does n't have a point , or that it 's choppy . There were complaints that there were only 10 pages contributed to the actual mothman.The bottom line - the read was meant to be more informative than to be outlined as a plot and resolution , or an embellished story . The reader is left to formulate their own conclusions.I have no problem with the format , I read it as a non-fiction work . I liked the read , I liked the movie , though they were entirely different , but are n't they all ?
 The Mothman Prophecies is a book by author John A. Keel which claims to tell the true story of mysterious events occurring in the eastern United States during the late 1960s . The tale is told entirely from Keel 's vantage point as a first-hand investigator -LRB- and experiencer -RRB- of the paranormal happenings in question.I must say that I began reading The Mothman Prophecies with certain expectations . I had previously been exposed to the exploits of the infamous mothman by various authors in other cryptozoology texts . There was no question that this book would be the authoritative , original source material from which most other writers have since taken inspiration . I was surprised , however , at the diversity of the matter which awaited me.On the positive side , Keel is an excellent and engaging author . He writes colorfully , and offers a work that will not likely bore any of his audience . It 's also nearly impossible to argue that this story is n't a `` must read '' for those interested in the Mothman , or any of the number of other strange incidents which Keel documents here . Having had the unique privilege of investigating and experiencing these events in person , as they were happening , the author boasts a definite authority and purity in documentation . It 's obvious that The Mothman Prophecies has heavily influenced many modern researchers in various fields of the unexplained , making it an entry hard to ignore on any serious paranormalist 's reading list . I must also say that , even if one were to discount its potential as a true story , the book does make a fairly good classic sci-fi page turner in its own right.Enjoyment and intrigue aside , I did develop some rather serious criticisms of The Mothman Prophecies which I feel could negatively impact some readers . As with most texts , the degree to which these cons influence your personal experience will vary.First off , Keel blatantly and repeatedly breaks one of the cardinal rules of good scientific documentation ; he continuously introduces theories and opinions into his writing . The Mothman Prophecies is laced with personal interpretations of the phenomena being witnessed . In fact , something that really surprised me on several occasions , were the seamless way in which the author would offer what are essentially his beliefs as solid fact , with nary a disclaimer . It 's not uncommon for paranormal investigators to attempt to draw conclusions from their works , but this goes well beyond that . Keels repeatedly debunks and downplays certain popular institutions , including UFO groups and alien visitation theories , while simultaneously replacing them with his own views . He ironically disclaims one ideology as being scientifically unsupportable , while concurrently supplanting it with his own , equally unsupported , theories . Keel regularly writes in a very matter-of-fact manner with explanations for curiosities that I do not believe have ever been accounted for scientifically , even to this day.The lack of good scientific method is also not limited to the frequent disclosure of Keel 's convictions . I additionally found myself curious how someone as dedicated to investigating the paranormal as the author must have been , could still be so unprepared to gather any data other than witness statements and personal observations . Throughout the book , Keel documents a multitude of occasions where he witnessed anomalous objects and individuals , both by chance and by intent . All this time , he never mentions taking a single photograph or measurement of those in question . In one chapter , we hear how he repeatedly visits a certain hilltop at night to view a recurring colorful orb in the distance , yet he apparently never thought to take photographs , nor to simply go and wait in the location where these lights actually appeared . His lack of ability to take advantage of the seemingly ubiquitous and predictable phenomena makes the sheer legitimacy of some of the accounts suspect.Getting back to expectations , having already learned of the Mothman character from other sources , I had come into The Mothman Prophecies expecting to read an exhaustive , authoritative volume of documentation on one of my personal favorite cryptids . I was rather surprised to discover , then , that the Mothman creature really only plays a limited roll in the proceedings . This book is absolutely not the standard investigators report that one might expect to find on other monsters such as Sasquatch or Nessie . Mothman here is little more than a supporting character in a large cast of humans , weirdos , monsters , and anomalous objects . The majority of the book , particularly the latter half , is actually spent away from the Mothman , and enters into a huge variety of lights in the sky , men-in-black , UFO contactees , phone tapping , and lots of miscellaneous strangeness . In fact , Keel relates such a variety of bizarre happenings from this period in his life , that it may greatly strain ones ability to believe that the story is the least bit sane and true . The author , rather than being the normal independent observer , actually becomes the central character in what would more easily be viewed as an old school sci-fi tale , had the cover of the book not disclaimed it to be `` based on a true events . `` My final gripe , although smaller than the aforementioned bits , is that the writing style here has a tendency to be disjointed . Characters seem to pop up in various chapters , often for only a paragraph or two at a time . It makes remembering exactly who is where and doing what across chapters more confusing than it should be , and occasionally detracts from the ability to follow the overall story . The chapters , likewise , are somewhat hit or miss . They do n't seem to follow any specific convention , some based on people , others on a block of time , and still others on a specific phenomena . The chapters themselves are also subdivided into numbered sections , in a way which at times felt arbitrary and pointless . While there are no doubt multiple ways to tell a complex and chronological story of this nature , it would have been nice had the author and editors simply picked one theme and stuck with it.Ultimately , The Mothman Prophecies is an interesting work , to say the least . If you want a good paranormal story , you certainly need to look no further . Additionally , if you 're in the market for a first-hand account of the origin of the Mothman or even the other paranormal events around Point Pleasant in the late 1960s , this is really a must read . On the other hand , if you 're a scientifically minded individual looking for responsible investigation of the unexplained , you 're likely to be disappointed by Keel 's very human -LRB- and very biased -RRB- manner of recounting events , which greatly stains belief and credibility.Rating
 The book is the first book I completed on the topic of UFOs and high strangeness in general . I read this book at night before going to sleep . It was hard to put down for a couple reasons - it scaried me awake so I could n't sleep , the story was an interesting mystery , and I felt I had to finish it as soon as possible so that the uneasy feeling I had at the time would go away . With that said I still suggest people read it , since the spookiness around the world seems to be increasing . Also , the book is far superior in my opinion as compared to the movie , so I suggest the book first then the movie .
 This was a very fascinating read . It does not focus only on Mothamn sightings , but all the other strange events that were supposed to have happened . If you are looking for a book that will prove Mothman exists , I do n't think this is the proper book for you . It is mainly about what went on from the first sighting of Mothman to the felling of the bridge . There were a lot of strange happenings during that time . I read this as `` I 'm presenting you with the information as to what heppened as I saw it and was involved in it , and you make up your mind as to whether its true or not '' .
 I bought and reread this book that I read years ago . I still liked it . If you want a Novel or Liked the movie you might not like this book . The book is n't written that way and novel reads . you are a novel reader you may find it harder to follow and get lost by the end . It is n't a smooth read beause it 's written more real life . Real life is n't a smooth read . If you want a first hand account by a investigator who was trying not to loose objectivity then you will like it . The people who might not like it are those readers who co n't see a connection between UFO , Bigfoot or other strange creatures , Ghost & poltergeist phenomena . You wo n't see the writer trying to comunticate with undead spirits or make peace with extraterestirals . You will find an investigator who noticed that ufo sights seem to corispond with poltergiest and other supernatural activity .
 This book is not what I expected at all . I picked up the book after I saw the movie . It turns out that the movie is a fictional story based on the mothman . In this book , author John Keel tells his stories of traveling around the east cost areas and , well , UFO hunts . It is very creepy the stories he has to tell and the fact that thousands have witnessed what he is writing about . This is a very fun , and creepy book . It will leave you stirring in your sleep .
 Usually with any book I can just jump on and write up a review as soon as I 'm done reading . The Mothman Prophecies was a little more in depth to do such a thing , so it 's taken me a little longer . I am one of those who has read the book and not seen the movie , so hopefully I 'll give you some better insight than those who saw the movie first , then read the book . I 'll give this review my best shot.This is the classic `` do n't judge a book by it 's cover '' type book . There 's maybe 1 chapter on Mothman himself . There may seem to be no plot , but from what I got from the book , the plot is that Mothman was the base of the largest UFO `` outbreak '' in modern history . Keel goes on to describe how weird just go weirder . You must read this with an open mind in able to enjoy it . You ca n't start out with an open mind , and then shut it , because it 'll be no good . Wait until you 're done with the book before you say its trash . Certain things towards the end will perk you up.The book is n't very well organized . I am very disappointed with this . Keel has way too many witnesses in able to be doing this , and it will screw you up at times . You may want to take gradual notes while reading just so you can go back and say , `` Okay , now who was Jayes again ? `` Keel also admits that this book was the first time that he let some information out as to techniques used , similarities in witnesses , etc. . All of these things are pretty much known today , being that the book was published in 1975 . As far as `` proof '' goes ... Nobody has proof , as far as I know , that extraterrestrials are really out there . Everyone who writes books on them are using THEIR ideas/theories . To me , John Keel has some better theories than a lot of writers out there.If you want to hear plenty of accounts with UFO 's and Men in Black involved , this is the book that you want . There are more stories in this book than I can even think of right now ! Be sure to pick it up . Either you 'll like it or you wo n't . ~ Natalie Kilpatrick
 John Keel , like Jacques Vallee , is one of those UFO writers who obscures as much as he enlightens . Both men have a tendency to describe unquestionably physically real occurrences -LRB- smashed objects , landing traces , radiation effects -RRB- , and then to try and dismiss them as some unfathomable `` ultradimensional '' phenomenon.Still , Keel was at Point Pleasant during the 1966-67 UFO flap , of which Mothman was a part , and one does n't have to buy his specious analyses to appreciate his simple good factual reporting . The best part of this book is n't even the reports of Mothman , but of all the other bizarre related UFO occurrences that came with him . This is one of the best books available discussing Men In Black , though typically Keel attempts to fit them into part of the `` ultradimensional '' view instead of applying Occam 's Razor and calling them for what they most appear to be
 John A. Keel 's The Mothman Prophecies , as a book , is just as intriguing and mysterious as the topics he is writing about . In a nutshell , the book reads as if Keel kept a loose-leaf journal about paranormal events , both reported to and experienced by him , over the course of many years , then decided to throw all of the individual pages in the air , let them land as they might , stuck a couple hundred of them in a notebook and sent them off to his publisher . There is no novel-like narrative in The Mothman Prophecies , and it 's not in chronological order-instead it choppily bounces back and forth and for its entire length.The funny thing is that it works for the most part . I 'm hesitant to say that the atemporally schizophrenic nature of the journal entries was an intentional , clever move on Keel 's part , but it just may have been . The net effect is to mirror the inexplicability , seeming pointlessness , and skewered nature of the phenomena that Keel is talking about , but unfortunately , sometimes the attention-deficit-disorder-ladenness of the book is just aggravating . The primary thing to remember , if the book sounds interesting enough to you to tackle it -LRB- not that it 's longer than your average pulp novel -RRB- , is not to expect anything like a normal plot . There 's an endless parade of names and events , many of which are only mentioned in one section , and it takes awhile to stop thinking that you 're going to have to remember them to understand the story later . There really is no story . But once you stop waiting for a story to begin , The Mothman Prophecies should be more enjoyable to you.There are plenty of reasons you might be interested in this book . Of course , there 's the surface topic-a series of paranormal events ranging from UFO 's to flying `` birdmen '' -LRB- the Mothman -RRB- to misbehaving telephones . If you 're at all a student of the paranormal , you 'll want to read this . Or , you probably already have . For me , I was initially intrigued by the film and the claim that it was based on true events -LRB- although publisher Tor calls it fiction on the copyright/catalog data page -RRB- . But once I started reading , I quickly forgot about the film and instead was fascinated with the realization that The Mothman Prophecies must have been one of Chris Carter 's primary sources for various plots of The X-Files . If you 're an X-Files fan , The Mothman Prophecies will tie the show together for you in an unprecedented way . After you read this book , the `` mytharc '' shows -LRB- all the alien conspiracy stuff -RRB- will no longer seem disconnected from the monster shows . And you 'll frequently find yourself reminded of specific episodes correlated to specific journal entries in the book.Undoubtedly , you 'll find yourself wondering at some point how much of The Mothman Prophecies is fact and how much is fiction . Tor calling the book `` fiction '' does n't help towards taking it too seriously , and neither does Keel 's frequent references to UFO-monger Gray Barker , who was exposed as making up at least some of the things he wrote about -- see , for instance , John C. Sherwood 's May/June 1998 article in Skeptical Inquirer magazine . Joe Nickell has also prepared a `` debunking '' of the Mothman for Skeptical Inquirer 's March/April 2002 issue . I 'm nothing if not a skeptic , but Nickell does n't actually debunk much . He suggests that Mothman sightings were actually sightings of owls , and that 's about all there is to his article . Keel 's book , and the film that prompted Nickell 's article , is about much more than can be explained by sighting an owl and mistaking it for something else.From my standpoint as a philosopher , there 's something even more interesting about Keel 's book . It 's a wonderful example of instrumentalism . Instrumentalism , briefly , is the idea that theories about phenomena , insofar as they depart from simply recounting the phenomena in a dry manner , are interchangeable . That is , there are a multitude of possible theories for the metaphysics `` behind '' any observed event , and even allowing Occam 's Razor -LRB- which is just a convention , not a fact , so we need not allow it-it could be misleading -RRB- , any of them that accounts for the observed event is just as good as any other.Of course Keel sometimes leads us on by simple juxtaposition of easily explainable events-even going so far as implying that there could have been something paranormal about the missing minutes on the Watergate tapes-and he could be making up a sizable percentage of the anecdotes to entertain us , but that 's ultimately why you should read this book anyway-for entertainment . It 's also , even if fiction , a fascinating psychological artifact , and even as fiction with plenty of structural quirks , an entertaining read .
 I just had to clarify the fact that the movie is `` based '' on the events that are recorded in Keel 's book . The book is by far and away better than the movie . First off the book takes place in 1967/68 not the present . Besides giving you a look into all the paranormal phenomenon floating around Point Pleasant at the time it also gives you a look into the attitude and fear the people of the small town were feeling at the time.There are stories of aliens , strange lights , men in black , mysterious phone calls and of course the mothman . The name is misleading as he does not resemble a moth at all -LRB- in fact the name came from a reporter making a reference to a Batman villian -RRB- . But to anyone interested in cryptozoology he is a beast that is worth looking into.True the book is a little egotistical as John Keel makes himself out to be a superhero at times but I genuinely enjoy his take on the situations . His writing style is a little choppy and sometimes jumps into other accounts of unexplained events but it is easy to get through.As this is really the only book that centers on the Mothman and the events in Point Pleasant it is definately reccommended reading for paranormal fans . There is even a section on Indrid Cold -LRB- another being worth looking into for the interesting and sometimes ridiculous story -RRB- . Just please do n't slight this chilling tale because of the terrible movie apparently made from the book 's cliff notes .
 I have read over 200 books on UFOs and for many reasons , this is my favorite . Keel is an honest investigator who was fortunate to be involved in the strange , spooky events he writes about . Taken along with his first book , Operation Trojan Horse , this slim volume says more about the true nature of the UFO phenomenon than almost any other book written since . I was initially doubtful of the validity of Keel 's claims , as some other reviewers are . However , I had the luck of meeting a man mentioned in the book who accompanied Keel on his investigations . This person , whom I trust and sincerely believe to be honest , flatly stated that everything in the book was true , that he had been there , spoke to the witnesses , and eventually became involved in the phenomena , as did Keel . The fact is , these things happened . In fact , Keel left some of the strangest evidence out of the book . Mothman Prophecies is a fascinating true story , and I recommend it to anyone who has a real desire to know the truth about UFOs and the paranormal .
 If you want to read one book about how creepy the truly weird can become , start with this one . This book is probably the most frightening , bizarre book ever written in this field , by a reporter who was actually there when the events happened.Some of the reviewers that gave this book one star probably missed the point . The reason that Mothman , the men in black , and UFO reports are all in the book is that these are all different pieces of the same puzzle ; they did n't all show up there together by coincidence . The book seems to jump around from topic to topic because all of these things were happening at the same time , and they are interrelated . Some readers probably do n't see that -LRB- or do n't want to -RRB- , probably the same ones who saw the movie first and then decided to pick up the book , not realizing that `` the rest of the story '' is much stranger than the movie ever hinted at.The movie , which only focused on psychic effects of the Mothman sightings , left out many important aspects of the mystery -LRB- mostly so they could add a fictional love story for Richard Gere . -RRB- A friend who had n't read the book called the movie `` incomplete '' , which is the best description I could give it too . But the book weaves all the bizarre elements together gradually as the events unfold , and they all need to be taken together to find some understanding of these phenomena . -LRB- Read Keel 's classic `` Operation Trojan Horse '' for even more on solving these deep mysteries . -RRB- Sure , this book is n't `` All About Mothman '' , but that 's a weak criticism . The movie was n't about Mothman at all ! At least the book has enough scary moments for a decade of Stephen King TV miniseries . That 's more than enough reason to give it 5 stars , whether or not you believe in these types of phenomena . Read it before bedtime at your own risk .
 I never read 5 star reviews because they usually just gush about how wonderful the book is and do n't provide a balanced view . Yet here I am doing just that . But this book is perhaps the only of the many I have read on UFOs , the `` paranormal '' or the occult that truly deserves it . First and foremost , Keel is a great storyteller . He transcends the dry facts of the phenomena he investigates and weaves them into compelling human stories while , at the same time , challenges the readers to examine their own assumptions and biases about paranormal phenomena . I began reading about flying saucers and related phenomena because I thought they were silly and they appealed to the same part of me that appreciates Alfred Jarry or Marcel Duchamp . But by reading Mothman , I discovered that there are real human stories , real lives changed forever by these events that I found so silly . That reality is so much stranger and wonderous than I was willing to accept .
 John Keel 's THE MOTHMAN PROPHECIES can stand simply as a `` stranger than science '' potboiler , but it 's much more than that . Keel is recognized as one of the few `` serious '' researchers into the paranormal , and the power of his insights into this vexing subject shows in the fact that his ideas are quoted and seconded by no less a UFO authority than Dr. Jacques Vallee . The `` high strangeness '' nature of what is described in the book morphs easily into what is generally perceived as `` pure kookiness '' -- but the strength of the book lies in the way that line between belief and disbelief and truth and fiction is pushed further and further , with a good deal of shivers and goosebumps building up along the way . Bottom line
 I was both amused and entertained ! Yet there is an air of realism to this book that really gets to you . When you are finished reading this book , even being the grandest sceptic ... The only thing that left me slightly short was the fact we are not informed of where these paranormals originate . But that is not important as the story is super written and not a weak spot in it . I say absolutely yes , get it.If you enjoyed this another book which states all these events -LRB- including the Roswell crash -RRB- are actually from our future in a very good book , SB 1 or God By Karl Mark Maddox .
 An interesting and fascinating report on paranormal events that took place in small town West Virginia in 1966/67 . The author records the events as he experiences them or they are reported to him by others . The reports are many . These are mostly regarding a huge winged figure that many people witnessed and who supposedly terrorized the residents of the area for an entire year . The most fascinating and unnerving part of the book is it 's reports of all the `` men in black '' contacts and ufo incidents . It has been many years since these events and therefore this book was probably quite scary when it was first published , but has lost some of the impact in our desensitized society . The book falters though when the author suggests that ufo experiences in general are a mass hallucination of somekind , which at this point in time is more ridiculous than just admitting their existence . The writing style is rather lacking , but not so noticed due to the content . The book might turn off someone who realizes that the author 's ego is of more focus than the information he is reporting .
 I found this book very interesting . I felt it covered the actual happenings in a factual manner without making it boring.The author also did not seem to discount the fact that there could be more here than meets the eye . He sorted out the possible from the ridiculous such as the Silver Bridge collapse.An easy read but an interesting one .
 The Mothman Prophecies ' weakness may lie in the ongoing lists of people who have sightings of strange lights and nonhumans , not to mention the MIBs in the book , but it also is its strength . At times the reader would like to read more about a particular case history -- more detail -- more follow-up . The lack of this information may lead the reader to feel shortchanged . On the other hand the excessive number of people having encounters lends to the credibility of the book , especially so with the witnesses in Point Pleasant , West Virginia where the mothman is first seen on November 15 , 1967 . The book 's climatic end is expected with the diaster on December 15 , 1968 . John Keel 's `` Mothman '' is undoubtably a classic , not only for ufologists but for mainstream readers as well , more particularly now that the release of the `` Mothman movie is imminent.P L Brown
 John Keel 's `` The Mothman Prophecies '' follows a usual form for ufology books
 I read this book many years ago when it first came out.It is excellent and written in the style of John G Fuller 's Incident at Exeter and The Interrupted Journey . This is certainly not your run of the mill type book that follows a movie release .
 I bought this book on impulse seeing that it took place in West Virginia where my son is in college - a mom thing , that is , not a UFO thing . It scared me more than I 'd bargained for . It is n't the UFO mystery - the saucers were cinematically graceful and playful and so abundant that it was like watching migrating birds . No , it was what happened down on the old `` nitrogen , oxygen and cosmic spit '' - formed earth that freaked me out . I read alone and late at night.The strange men - later called men in black and MIB , visited people living in remote areas - WV in the 60 's - young pregnant women , an elderly man who ran home for his shotgun and a divorced woman on a farm where the cattle were drained of their blood . One of her son 's told the author , yeah , his mom was really upset when she saw those lights outside . Frankly , had they come to me - I 'd be outta there so fast and Never go back . Get a gun ? I do n't think so . These people - and I guess that 's how a book gets written - would go out on midnight walks down deserted roads - oh no ! And when you knew these ` things ' were out and about ? Writing this , it seems more contrived than it did during the reading - I mean even if West Virginia was a low stat crime state - who would walk down dark , deserted roads , when there was no moon and you know Mothman had been cited flying up and staring with his large illuminated red eyes . Sometimes , those eyes would lazer people into paralysis and later vomiting and other illnesses . The UFO 's could turn a light on you , or even one of their visitors could somehow leave you with a checkerboard burn that left and returned again with no medical rationale . Kids love those Scary Stories collections and they are often old mountain folk tales , perhaps this was just a modern sort of scariness en masse . -LRB- And later , for profit . -RRB- Anyway , it got to me . I think when deciding to believe or not , it is often the author 's voice , that makes the difference . And I found Keel to be a semi-self effacing and overall ` normal ' narrator which did keep me reading when otherwise I 'd have quit . If you are the sort that either has an interest in the paranormal , or you just enjoy a good dose of fear and foreboding - not me , for sure - then I 'd say read the book . I was interested in the previous reviewers ' personal revelations and think they are important antidotes , especially from someone who hyped the stuff at one time . Prophecies ' author , Keel , discusses how those that he interviewed were not on the surface seemingly capable of carrying out such a well-entwined ruse - and that was also my reaction . But when reading how easily a smart , creative fraud can really incite some interest and corroboration ; that also is needed to balance the oftentimes extremely schizoid fervor and longing for more chaos in our existence . I remain doubtful - and if not that , hopeful that they do n't come anywhere near me cause I am not the one !
 As an investigative record of bizarre experiences , some first hand , The Mothman Prophesies is as timely and interesting a read now as it was when it was first published almost thirty years ago . I disagree with some of Keel 's conclusions , at least with respect to them being the final word in what is obviously an ongoing puzzle , but he points to some very interesting possibilities . His notions are well worth adding to the soup of the still bubbling mystery that such bizarre experiences as Mothman , MIBs , strange aerial lights , odd electrical and poltergeist effects , etc. , represent.That much if not all of what is reported is Earth-related does not lessen the difficulty of asserting categorically that `` extradimensional '' beings are entirely localized . The possibility of worlds without end lie that way , whether connected by wormholes or whatever in this dimension or in other layers outside of this one . I 'd bet John a bottle of HERRADURA SELECCION SUPREMA tequila that our multilayered universe is full of life in many forms , mostly unexpected , and that this will become obvious far sooner than later -LRB- in the next hundred years at least -RRB- . -- Randy
 Frightening and endlessly facinating . I could n't put it down . I read this book ten years ago in its original paperback printing . And have never forgotten it . This book ignited a lifelong search for answers in a pandora 's box of riddles . John Keel is a pioneer and visionary . This book was originally published in the 1970 's and remains a seminal work in ufology . And nothing published since comes close to the intricacy , mystery , horror or the engaging , and sometimes humorous writing style of the great Mr. Keel . I look forward to reading it again and again . This is a must read . 10 Star rating . A major Hollywood movie is in pre-production . They will probably screw it up . They 've already fabricated a Mrs. Keel , who does n't exist . THANKS A ALOT HOLLYWOOD .
 This book was great ! If you are n't sure if you believe in these tyes of things , you will after you read this ! It 'll make you look at strangers in your hometown with a whole new perspective . If you 've ever had anything crazy happen with your telephone , this book will really make you wonder what happened ! And it 's true - the movie was horrible and has nothing at all to do with the book ! Read this book and forget about the movie !
 This book is not only fascinating , but informative . John Keel 's book is suspenseful . I never knew much about what happened in Point Pleasant until I read this book . The movie is not even close to the greatness of the book . Mothman was actually called mothman off of a villain 's name on Batman . In the book , the couple who answered the door for John Keel -LRB- John Klein in the movie -RRB- died in the Silver Bridge Tragedy.There are many interesting facts in The Mothman Prophecies.I think that this is a good book for Ufology fans.I very strongly disagree with anyone who gives this book a low rating.If you want to learn about MIB 's , UFO 's , Mothman , strange creatures , and Tulpas -LRB- mind projections -RRB- , this is a good book to teach you all about these areas .
 Having read most of John Keels 's other UFO-paranormal books I was still not prepared for the knock-out dramatic conclusion to this one . I 've read some other reviews in here and they seem to be all over the place . What you need to know about John Keel is that he investigated and traveled around the world to the sites of as many UFO and paranormal events as he could to see where the event took place and meet the people involved . This is in contrast to some of the so called ` investigations ' made by the Air Force 's Project Blue Book and armchair UFO investigators who often relied solely on second hand information . This quest was combined with a keen insight into the underlying nature of UFO and paranormal phenomena . For that reason I trust his opinions and speculations more than any other researcher out here . Keel also used news clipping services as all UFO writers do , to locate sightings and correlate information from everywhere to help piece the whole paranormal puzzle together . Information is a good thing . Information that is checked out is even better . Keel also did not try to exclude certain information that seemed too bizarre or that might not support the ` extraterrestrial ' hypothesis that the old school of UFO research is obsessed with . This is one of the very best books ever written on the UFO and Paranormal subject and is considered a classic . I highly recommend both this and all of John Keel 's UFO books .
 John Keel is the prototype for the serious investigator of the paranormal . He combines just the right combination of skepticism and open - mindedness , along with a genuine sense of the absurdity yet reality of the situation he 's dealing with . This book deals with one of the most famous series of incidents in the annals of Forteana or the paranormal , the `` Mothman '' incident or incidents which took place in a rural area of West Virginia in late 1966 . Keel describes the seemingly unbelievable sequence of events with wry detachment . At the same time he conveys a sense of dread and fear in the face of incidents for which there is no rational explanation . Keel is probably the closest we have to the most famous and probably best chronicler of the strange and bizarre , Charles Fort . More than anything else , this book reminds us of what Shakespeare said , `` There are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in your philosophy . ''
 The great thing about this book is it works as a nonfiction book , if you 're a believer and as a book of fiction , if you 're a nonbeliever.If you believe in UFO 's and monsters , the interviews with the people sound very sincere and convincing.If you do n't believe in the subject , the book reads like a good horror novel with a tragic ending which is based on a true event
 This book is very informative and worth a read if you 're interested in this legend and the multiple events that took place . However , I must say the book is unorganized as it seems to jump from story to story and repeat itself in some details and events . All in all I thouroughly enjoyed this book though .
 The Mothman Prophecies is one of the few books that I 've felt compelled to read several times . It 's scary , thrilling , and intensely interesting , at least to a `` paranomal '' buff such as myself . And all of this in a nonfiction book . Perhaps truth really is stranger than fiction!It seems some people do n't like John Keel 's writing style , as it seems rather scatterbrained . I believe this is deliberate , as the different subcategories of subject matter , such as the men in black , UFOs , the Mothman itself , etc. , are touched on briefly , repeatedly intertwined with other subcategories of phenomena that were encountered during Keel 's Point Pleasant adventure . This sylistic decision necessitated a temporally scattered book , in the interest of spreading out the aforementioned , varying subject matter.The less informed typically negatively assess the eyewitness reports given in this book . Yes , it is odd that these alleged extra-dimensional beings possess a mixture sophisticated technology , and patently unsophisticated , contemporary human technology of the time . It is n't right to lambaste Keel or his interviewees over this subject matter of their testimony . The mixture of the low and high tech has been seen in most UFO contact cases of the last 130 years . Ultimately , this supports the theory , unpopular with many of the tinfoil hat wearers who give UFOlogists a bad name , that the UFO phenomena have probably absolutely nothing to do with aliens.There are many strange features of the varied stories in this book . If you keep an open mind , you may find them just as entertaining as I do !
 Books about the paranormal I never find to be entirely satisfying ; you get teased and left to make up your own mind . I get drawn to this kind of material for some reason , always hoping to get some answers , to figure it out , to fit this into my theistic worldview . A year ago I got my first taste of satisfaction , from the book `` Lights in the sky and little green men '' , in which the authors concluded that residual UFO 's , the ones that can not be explained away , are in fact real , but are not physical but spiritual.John Keel , with The Mothman Prophecies , arrives at a somewhat similar conclusion . He scoffs at the idea that these are visitors from other planets , but is less convinced that they are from the spiritual realm , at least as commonly understood by Christians . His bizarre thirteen month set of experiences centered on Point Pleasant , West Virginia in 1966-1967 , culminating in the tragedy of the bridge collapse , has left him certain of nothing . He does seem to see a continuity between paranormal experiences throughout history and those of today , with poltergeists , demons , Bigfoot , Nessie , UFOs , and Men in Black all falling under the same explanatory umbrella , whatever that may be . Possibly an independent spiritual world exists , or possibly these are psychic imprints and pollution , echoes that play back in certain geographical locations , like a record stuck , playing back the same groove over and over.You are not going to get closure from this book , but his account is gripping and his speculations are thoughtful and intelligent . To repeat an overused phrase , you are not going to want to put it down .
 Upon my initial reading of this book one thought came to my mind
 This book is fascinating reading . It ` rings true to me ' . Mr. Keel tells the reader when he 's scared , looking for more information or not sure what he 's seeing . I think he 's very up front and honest.There is much I think that can be learned by Mr. Keel 's experiences and interviews . Men In Black , Ufo 's , and strange sounds are all in this book . Monsters and mysteries that prove we do n't know everything on this Earth and in this universe yet.My one big complaint and why it 's rated a four rather than a five is that many times Mr. Keel gets off track in his writing . This leaves the reader a bit confused and forced to back track at times . Further , I find many times I would have been going back to find more information and it does n't seem he does that , at least not in the book . This is frustrating for me . I 'd like more information , more about the interviews he conducted etc.Not a bad book over all . Just a few not so positive thoughts on it . I enjoyed it and read it in about two days.Enjoy .
 I have never been interested in UFO literature , but decided to give this book a try . The early portions of the book are rather dry documentations of UFO sightings and other paranormal incidents . Towards the end of the book however , things pick up considerably . The author 's description of events is credible and eerie . He concludes that so-called ` extraterrestrial ' beings are really with us here on Earth but only perceived by those with perceptual abilities that most of us do not have . He also concludes that such beings are capable of influencing and interfering with humans . For books outside of the UFO literature that corroborate Mr. Keel 's conclusions I recommend 1 -RRB- The Active Side of Infinity -LRB- Carlos Castaneda -RRB- , 2 -RRB- Far Journeys -LRB- Robert Monroe -RRB- , 3 -RRB- The Path -LRB- Esmeralda Arana -RRB- .
 The classic on stange phenomena and the paranormal written by the man who was there . What happened in Point Pleasent , Ohio in 1966 is anybody 's guess , yet Keel gives some interesting insights into the vast subject of the unknown .
 I read it first in the 60 's and have never forgotten it . I was pleased when it was reprinted as I had wanted to read it again . It holds up surprisingly well . Keel had realized things about the ` UFO phenomena ' then that most other researchers are only now beginning to understand . If you have a sense of wonder , get it . If you are a researcher , get it . If you are an open minded skeptic , this will give you a better perspective . If you 're just looking for entertainment , it 's a lot of fun .
 This book is an incredible contribution to understanding California and the West . The author has a good eye for detail , and he tells a vivid story . Most important , he offers incisive analysis of race , labor and community in the Silicon Valley . The book is also enjoyable to read because the author has a very nice writing style , and he knows how to use his subjects ' own insights to prove his arguments convincingly . This book should give activists , public officials , and residents a lot to grapple with . Highest possible recommendation !
 This is quite a book
 Every Mexican American , Mexican immigrant , and Latino should read this book . Pitti lifts the lid on the Silicon Valley myth and shows that underneath is just old-time exploitation and injustice , and it 's been going on for over a century . And thankfully , Pitti 's a scholar who is n't afraid to call for action . My only complaint
 As part of my doctoral research into the history of California , I 've read several books on the history of Santa Clara County . Most emphasize the `` pioneer '' -LRB- read
 This is a great little booklet . I 'm not sure it 's comprehensive but it 's certainly easy to use . From what I could tell after about 10 tries or so , it 's right on the money in terms of accuracy -LRB- double-checked them against the National Wildlife Federation 's glorious `` Field Guide to Trees of North America '' . -RRB- . I only wish they had a little number like this for every state .
 `` Outside the novel , we 're in the realm of affirmation
 Milan Kundera is a Czechoslavakian writer who lives in France . He 's written a number of novels , among the THE BOOK OF LAUGHTER AND FORGETTING and THE UNBEARABLE LIGHTNESS OF BEING . In this , his first nonfiction effort , Kundera relates the concept of the novel to his own work . The first two essays were inspired by an interview he gave to The Paris Review on his practical experiences with the art of the novel.His focus goes beyond his own work , however . Kundera presents some rather intense and unusual analyses of his personal favorite writers
 This relatively small book -LRB- 165 pages -RRB- offers an engaging peek into the mind of a brilliant novelist and scholar . Consisting of interviews , speeches , and published work , Kundera expounds on his literary beliefs about what makes a great novel . My favorite sections are the interviews because of their immediacy and accessibility , although the author 's most profound insights arise from his discussion of other authors
 I recall that when asked about his `` Theorie Aesthetique '' by a journalist , Picasso took out a pistol and shot it in the air . Evidently Picasso did not care to banalize his works into neat theories for art critics . The problem is that Picasso often did lapse into following a theoretical form ... more so in his later works.I read this book in French , `` L'Art Du Roman '' and while it does not attempt to reduce Kundera 's works to neat theories , it does shed light on the philosphical underpinnings of many of his novels.In fact , one of the main themes of this book is the critique of reductionism . He exalts the `` Wisdom of Uncertainty '' and eschews any art work that proceeds from an ideology or moral high ground as such leads to judgement rather than understanding . Somewhat in an existentialist vein , Kundera promotes the idea of `` l'ambiguite '' as the ideal for the novel . That is to say that given we live in a world where there is no right or wrong way to proceed , the role of the novel is to understand each character within his own constructs , not according to some extrnal morality or ideology.Kundera 's debt to Heidegger is made obvious throughout the book , and Kundera quotes him often . One is left wondering what Kundera 's ideas on morality might be . However , I would not go so far as saying that he follows suit with Heidegger on this mattter . Heidegger 's `` Sein und Zeit '' is interested in the question of being . For Da-Sein , morality is secondary , and relativistic , not primary and essential . No doubt , this indiffference towards morality led to Heidegger 's nazism . However , if Kundera does not take a moralistic posture in `` unbearable Lightness of Being '' , he defintiely implies that we suffer or thrive on a spiritual level with certain choices that we make....-Thomas Seay
 I am starting a novel this summer , and this book was recommended to me by my Creative Writing professor . Being a fan of Kundera already , I bought the book without question.For the reviewer who said that Kundera writes pretentiously
 I have n't read a book this brilliant and intellectually-provoking in a long time . Milan Kundera is a first-class thinker who will be and has been pegged as elitist and pretentious by some reviewers here -LRB- and elsewhere I 'm sure -RRB- . Since we 're living in an age of ever-diminishing education where a college diploma is equivalent to what a technical degree used to be , this is to be expected , and is indeed flattery . In the section of the book called Sixty-three Words , Kundera himself addresses the issue under `` Elitism ''
 In these brilliant reflections Milan Kundera discusses fundamental characteristics of the novel , its history and its immorality.The object of the novel is the enigma of the self -LRB- the subject -RRB- functioning in a world full of ambiguities , where all things human are relative.HistoryNovelists , like Cervantes , examined the self through its actions , which -LRB- partly -RRB- revealed the nature of the self.A new generation , like Flaubert , delved into the self 's invisible interior life -LRB- dreams , the irrational -RRB- in order to reveal the self 's secrets.Joyce dissects painstakingly the present.In fine , F. Kafka poses the ultimate question of what possibilities are left in a world where the external determinants become so overpowering that internal impulses no longer carry weight.Radical autonomyKafka 's novels are the masterful proofs of the radical autonomy of the novel . By creating an extreme and unrealized possibility of the human world , Kafka expressed things about our human condition which no social or political thought could ever tell.ImmoralityThe novel is boundless freedom . It is not rational or based on verisimilitude.Novelists should use this freedom to discover unrealized possibilities of the human world . A novelist who does n't unveil a hitherto unknown segment of human existence is immoral.These in depth meditations on one of the major components of human art are a must read for all lovers of world literature .
 A highly interesting and introspective piece into the art of novel writing from one of Europe 's finest contemporary authors , Mulan Kundera . His philosophical background is particularly impressive has he attempts to relate back the meaning of his work to existential and phenomenological origins in Husserl , Heidegger , and Nietzsche . I also particularly enjoyed Kundera 's comparisons of literature to music in which he describes the forms of multiple Beethoven compositions as well as the basic structures of his own novels . This is an enormously stimulating read , though not necessarily helpful for the blossoming writer .
 This book has the property of timelessness , much like the `` writing on writing '' that is seen in Eric Auerbach and Kenneth Burke . However , it is in no way literary theory , nor is it , contrary to what some of the other reviewers seem to believe , `` philosophical . '' It is a careful explication of the author 's principles , not a grand theoretical schema . The instantiation of real human circumstances , ones deeply concerned with the problems entailed by Heidegger 's in-der-Welt-sein , is what differentiates the novel from philosophy . It is nothing less and nothing more than a series of seven disquisitions on the historical development of the European novel . `` The Depreciated Legacy of Cervantes , '' serves to offer the substance for latter explication , meditation , and the occasional tangent . Its subject is the history and development of the European novel that is deeply rooted in existential concern . As Kundera says , `` A novel that does not discover a hitherto unknown segment of existence is immoral . '' He is careful to delineate the novel 's uniqueness as a historical artifact , and sees modernity as closely tied to the regnant existential themes as those explored by Joyce , Kafka , Sterne , Gombrowitz , and Broch -LRB- a somewhat epigrammatic essay on The Sleepwalkers is contained herein -RRB- . But Kundera sees the inaugural journey into modernity as one that is essentially Cervantes ' . Don Quixote enters a world that has seen the weakening influence of religious dogmatism . His experience contains none of the certitude of categorical absolutes that were so indicative of earlier existence -LRB- again , that desideratum for novelists -RRB- .
 Kundera 's `` Art of the Novel '' rings with the same provocative and bold insight that marks all his writing . He begins by exploring the unique capacities of the novel , springing from what he describes as ` Cervantes ' depreciated legacy ' . The novel , for Kundera , is the place where the whole non-Manichaeistic ambiguity of human experience - both banal and dramatic - can be explored . From this eagle-eyed view he moves to discussing the compositional techniques in his own novels , examines key writers from Central Europe and explores Kafka 's work as the epitome of the ` anti-lyric ' poetry which , for Kundera , is the distinguishing feature of all the great novels . He goes on to develop a polemical list of key terms that underpin this `` Kunderesque '' critique and finishes with the text of his 1985 acceptance speech on receiving the Jerusalem Prize for the Freedom of the Individual in Society . `` It pleases me , '' he observes in this address , `` to think that the art of the novel came into the world as the echo of God 's laughter . `` Kundera takes up the themes of these essays again in `` Testaments Betrayed '' -LRB- 1996 -RRB- and revisits and hones them in `` The Curtain '' published in 2005 . While all three collections circle around similar insights and obsessions , it is interesting to watch Kundera elaborate and distil the central preoccupations of his own novelistic impulse . Devotees of the work of Ren&eacute; Girard will find familiar themes here and Kundera acknowledges this debt to Girard explicitly in `` Testaments Betrayed . `` Do n't expect a through-worked philosophical examination in any of these essays but do expect an impassioned and always engaging examination of the novel that cuts through a lot of the tedious claustrophobically self-referential tendencies of much postmodern criticism .
 This is a good and insightful book . Because each chapter was written under different circumstances some may find it disjointed , but their is an underlying understanding of the novel that is coherent and profound . Kundera goes all the way back to Cervantes and show us how novelists have perceived and influenced the world down to our time . We pick up some central European novelists , like Hermann Bosch 's trilogy , The Sleepwalkers , scandalously unknown in this country . Kundera shows us how novels occupy a role in culture were nothing else can go . A book well worth reading .
 In this book of essays , Kundera reveals an understanding of the progression of the European novel and his place in that progression . He reviews the paths that the development of the novel has taken and relates his own work to this literary tradition
 This book is amazing . Like all other books of Kundera -LRB- some I 've read myself , of some read summaries and reviews -RRB- , this book too conveys the simplest philosophies in the best of words . For example , when he explains ` vertigo ' , you 'll know his unique interpretation of things happening around . A must read for all literature lovers and will certainly make an interesting reading for those looking for a different definition or dimension of oft-repeated terms in English .
 A light and heavy journey with Kundera along his personal aesthetic path that also takes in the road of the European novel . This can not be read without the readers own reading history being impacted upon .
 The essays took the readers to take a stroll in Kudera 's garden of intellect . One was offered the necessary path of realization that art is the door to the seemingly unreachable Garden of Eden . Paradoxically , rejoicing the fact that we were thrown from heaven for who we are , the weak and the seductible
 I know I read this book . I read it all . I tried to learn about the art of novel - writing from it.I have just read the Amazon reviews posted about this novel . A couple are good . They tell me that Kundera writes here about Cervantes , Sterne , Balzac , Dostoevsky and Kafka . They tell me the book has a seven - part structure as his novels do . They tell me that Kundera contrasts the art of the novelist with the thought of the philosopher - and that for him the art of the novelist is in portraying ambiguity and complexity . They tell me that this particular book is one of his best.Now I have read other Kundera works . I know his work plays much with chance and infidelity and philosophical reflections by the characters on whether their disloyalty or love is bringing them to the incredible lightness of being which some seem bound to living in . They tell me too that the reflections touch about politics , Czech freedom , what it means to write under tyranny and what it means to live in the West.But the truth is I having read this work on the novel by Kundera remember not one single sentence or thought from it.This the impatient Amazon reader perhaps thinks says more about my own empty head than it does about the value of Kundera 's work.But I now wonder if something in Kundera 's world and way of seeing things , his kind of liberation , his kind of emphasis on the incidental and very secular do not repel this religious reader seeking to feel that all , even in the novel , should have some kind of deep and permanent connection with the One Source of all true meaning.It may be I have forgotten Kundera because his themes and understanding are ones I simply do not wish to know .
 Well it so hard to pick a favorite Kundrea book because they are all so Brilliant , but I might pick this one .
 I 've read the poems within , and the depth of feeling within them is impressive . What 's more , the honesty in the poems is a breath of fresh air that has brought a new perspective to a lot of the ways I see things , partcularly loss and betrayal , as well as hope . Reading this book , I feel as if I truly know the poet behind the words .
 The lyrics of modern pop music attempt to reflect the life and love of young people today . They do n't usually succeed , typically coming out rather insipid.This is a book of poetry , but it is still the same kind of reflection of the life of modern youth . However , it is a succesful and intelligent attempt and I well recommend it .
 Mergers have been a fact of life for the railroads of the United States since the 1836 integration of the Maryland & Delaware Railroad into the Wilmington & Susquehanna . More than 160 years later , Frank Wilner has written the definitive treatise on the subject of railroad unification in this country . Wilner is well qualified to write such a work , having worked in the railroad field for 30 years , most recently as chief of staff to Surface Transportation Board Vice Chairman Gus Owen.Wilner 's book is divided into four main parts , three of which jointly make up the main historical narrative consisting of 25 chapters . The fourth section is a series of six essays on related topics ranging from the author 's explanation of the current workings of the Interstate Commerce Act to a hypothetical requiem for the railroad industry supposedly written one hundred years hence . The most interesting of these essays is Essay Four-Railroad Mergers
 John Kremer is a genius . There , I 've said it . His book , `` 101 Ways to Market Your Books
 While digging through my large collection of books , I came across this one , along with the entire John Carter Series . I hate to admit to the fact that I first read these books over 45 years ago . I sat down and read them again . I was as delighted this time as I was when I was fifteen . This is fiction from an era we will not see again . This is the stuff little boys dream of ! Read it , savor it and enjoy it ! I can not recommend this one high enough .
 I just finished rereading this remarkable adventure story , and must say , some of the capsule summaries above leave a bit to be desired.Yes , John Carter returns to Mars after 10 years absence , and finds himself in a paradise . But ironically , it 's a paradise that soon turns into a kind of violent warring hell . The plant men are only the beginning . The bitterest enemies are a race of almost diabolical priests , the Tharns , who set loose white apes and plant men to slaughter thousands of religious pilgrims . I 'm not spoiling the plot at all , since this becomes clear in the first two or three chapters.Again , there 's a deep bond between the hero , John Carter , and a brave and stunning young woman named Thuvia . John Carter , a warlord , is not content to merely escape . He must somehow end this evil empire of hypocritical priests and mass slaughter.One fine element is the reintroduction of the green warrior chieftan , John 's dear friend from the first novel in the series.There are strains of deeper thought woven throughout . For example , the biting satire against mindless `` fanatic '' religions.Heck of a book . Burroughs writes in a style that would seem a bit heavy today . But after a chapter or two , the reader usually can get in the stride . These books read fast -- you ca n't put them down . The heroines are GORGEOUS -- but the language is `` clean '' and the books can be recommended for teens . The description -- often in battle scenes -- is up to anything written in adventure science fiction today . This book was written -- amazingly -- in about 1917 .
 This book , # 2 of 11 in Burroughs ' John Carter series , is a direct sequel to the classic `` A Princess of Mars , '' and a reading of that earlier volume is fairly essential before going into this one . `` Gods ... '' was first published in serial form in `` All-Story Magazine '' in 1913 , and comprises one of Burroughs ' earliest works . It is amazing how much action the author manages to cram into the book 's 190 pages ; on just about EVERY page there is some kind of incredible happening or colorful bit . The book really is hard to put down , and yet , at the same time , the end of just about every paragraph could serve as a cliffhanger ! The pace of the book is brisk and relentless , and really carries the reader along to another great cliffhanger at the conclusion . In this volume , our hero , John Carter , returns to Barsoom after a decade 's absence , and goes to that planet 's `` heaven . '' But heaven turns out to be anything but , and our man gets caught up in battles with plant men and white apes , lost civilizations , religious taboos , the plots of an evil `` goddess , '' duels in the arena and on and on . There are two action set pieces that Burroughs really puts over well . One is the slave revolt that takes place halfway through the tale ; the other , a bravura , four-way air battle between the forces of the black , white , red and green men of Barsoom . Both of these sections are thrilling in the extreme ; better than anything in the first Barsoom novel . It 's also nice that Carter , an Earthman on Mars , fights alongside men and women of varied races , colors , and religious beliefs in a common cause ; there 's some kind of message there -- one for tolerance and brotherhood -- that we could all avail ourselves of today.Having said all this , however , I must admit that there are problems in this novel that prevent me from giving it a top grade . These problems mainly take the form of fuzzy writing and internal inconsistencies . Burroughs , in this novel , does not do well in describing geography ; his depictions of the Valley of the Therns , for example , are almost impossible to visualize -LRB- for me , anyway -RRB- . A map of this planet -LRB- such as the one provided in LeGuin 's Earthsea books -RRB- would have greatly helped , given Burroughs ' inability to clearly set out his world . As for the inconsistencies
 Having introduced the characters in ' A Princess of Mars , ' the author gets down to the action , in this the second Martian adventure of John Carter , with , as I recall , a new opponent , ready to fight , on almost every page.The author subtly pokes fun at religion , race and our conventions and rituals regarding them , while writing an exciting adventure story that certainly gripped my imagination in the early sixties.John Carter remains the perfect Virginian gentleman , respecting women , seeking no unfair advantage , while fighting plants , animals and multiple races of Martians . He must struggle to overcome them all , if he is to set free his beloved Dejah Thoris from a nested series of `` Heavens within Heavens . `` If he wins , will he kill the `` Gods of Mars '' in the title ? What will happen to religion on Mars if he does ? If he loses ... An ideal introduction to science fiction and fantasy for boys reaching puberty . They can sublimate their aggressive tendencies as they imagine themselves opposing plant men , white apes and other foes .
 At the end of `` A Princess of Mars , '' the first in the John Carter series by Edgar Rice Burroughs , John Carter got the factory that produced oxygen for Barsoom -LRB- the Martian name for Mars -RRB- working again , but had collapsed . When he revived he found himself back on earth , separated from Dejah Thoris , the Princess of Helium and his beloved . Originally published in 1913 as a serial in `` All-Story Magazine , '' this story finds John Carter returning to Mars and setting off to find his woman . Knowing that it was originally published as a serial is useful because Burroughs loads on the cliffhangers throughout the novel . When Carter returns to Barsoom a decade has passed and he finds himself in that part of the planet that the natives consider to be `` heaven , '' which proves to be a more ironic idea . Carter has to reunite with his friend the fierce green warrior Tars Tarkas , fight with the great white apes of Barsoom and plant men , violate some significant religious taboos , survive the affections of an evil goddess , help with a slave revolt , fight in an arena , and still save Dejah Thoris in the middle of a giant air battle between the red , green , black and white people of Barsoom . `` The Gods of Mars '' is an early Burroughs novel , which means it is high on action and low on details . ERB would set his adventures in strange worlds such as Barsoom , Venus , Pellucidar , etc. , but beyond the basic idea of it being a strange world he was content for such places to be the settings for this stories . The writing is a bit stilted and ERB likes to mix cliches and ponderous phrases that make the narrative seem dated , but `` The Gods of Mars '' meets his basic criteria of providing a ripping yarn for his readers . The best thing you can say about this novel is that the action never stops from start to finish . The worst thing you can say about it is that Burroughs puts off reuniting our hero with his beloved , but if you have read many of ERB 's novels , Tarzan or otherwise , you know that once his happy couple is back together the story is pretty much over . However , even at the end there is another cliffhanger that will make you track down `` The Warlord of Mars , '' the next installment in what is clearly the best Burroughs series . ERB milked the Tarzan character dry and still produced another dozen novels in that series , while the Mars books -LRB- sorry , the Barsoom series -RRB- remained relatively fresh .
 People notice how ERB poked fun at religion in this book , but he ripped racism to shreds and made the reader laugh , cry , and want to visit Mars with a sword in one hand and a pistol in the other . Not even the evolutionists escaped the expert wit and satire of this masterful and entertaining epic story.John Carter returns to his beloved Barsoom ten years later , but instead of finding himself in Helium with Dejah Thoris he instead awakens in the lost Valley Dor , the Barsoomian heaven . But in reality it 's a far cry from heaven and Carter turns a world upside with his challenging revelations.The real hero of the story , however , is Dator Xodar , a prince of the black-skinned First Born of Barsoom , the highest race on the planet . The First Born prey upon the white-skinned Therns , who in turn prey upon the nations of the Red and Yellow men of Barsoom . As Xodar learns from Carter that all men should be equal , Carter learns from Xodar that even the most feared Barsoomians can be a truly noble people .
 It would be difficult for this book to top its predecessor . In fact I would say this is a step down from A Princess of Mars in general quality . However , A Princess of Mars is , in my opinion , the best story ever written . If you 're looking for an interesting , fun sequel , this book delivers well . John Carter returns to Mars after a ten year exile on Earth . There he is reunited with his old friend Tars Tarkas . Together they fight their way through the Martian `` heaven '' -LRB- which turns out to be a living hell -RRB- past giant apes , plant men and false gods . Along the way they meet new people , discover hidden races of `` gods , '' and find new quests.However , this book fails to reunite John Carter with his wife Dejah Thoris until late in the book -LRB- very late in the book -RRB- . Their relationship was always my favorite part of the original , A Princess of Mars . Naturally , I am a bit disappointed in this . However , I feel that The Gods of Mars holds up better than most sequels -- it is fun and exciting , and returns the reader to one of the most interesting worlds ever conceived in all of fiction . As an avid Sci Fi reader , I can honestly say this is one of the better science fiction books I have read .
 At the end of `` A Princess of Mars , '' the first in the John Carter series by Edgar Rice Burroughs , John Carter got the factory that produced oxygen for Barsoom -LRB- the Martian name for Mars -RRB- working again , but had collapsed . When he revived he found himself back on earth , separated from Dejah Thoris , the Princess of Helium and his beloved . Originally published in 1913 as a serial in `` All-Story Magazine , '' this story finds John Carter returning to Mars and setting off to find his woman . Knowing that it was originally published as a serial is useful because Burroughs loads on the cliffhangers throughout the novel . When Carter returns to Barsoom a decade has passed and he finds himself in that part of the planet that the natives consider to be `` heaven , '' which proves to be a more ironic idea . Carter has to reunite with his friend the fierce green warrior Tars Tarkas , fight with the great white apes of Barsoom and plant men , violate some significant religious taboos , survive the affections of an evil goddess , help with a slave revolt , fight in an arena , and still save Dejah Thoris in the middle of a giant air battle between the red , green , black and white people of Barsoom . `` The Gods of Mars '' is an early Burroughs novel , which means it is high on action and low on details . ERB would set his adventures in strange worlds such as Barsoom , Venus , Pellucidar , etc. , but beyond the basic idea of it being a strange world he was content for such places to be the settings for this stories . The writing is a bit stilted and ERB likes to mix cliches and ponderous phrases that make the narrative seem dated , but `` The Gods of Mars '' meets his basic criteria of providing a ripping yarn for his readers . The best thing you can say about this novel is that the action never stops from start to finish . The worst thing you can say about it is that Burroughs puts off reuniting our hero with his beloved , but if you have read many of ERB 's novels , Tarzan or otherwise , you know that once his happy couple is back together the story is pretty much over . However , even at the end there is another cliffhanger that will make you track down `` The Warlord of Mars , '' the next installment in what is clearly the best Burroughs series . ERB milked the Tarzan character dry and still produced another dozen novels in that series , while the Mars books -LRB- sorry , the Barsoom series -RRB- remained relatively fresh .
 This second installment in Burroughs ' Martian series surprisingly outshines A Princess of Mars . Sporting even more action than the first novel , it makes good use of ideas made mention in Princess . Add to it a cliff-hanger ending even more `` edgey '' than before , and you 've got one of Burroughs ' best .
 The Viking lander in the 70 's proved there was no life on Mars . If you just forget that while reading this book you will enjoy it from beginning to end . Gods of Mars takes place ten years after the first John Carter Mars book , A Princess of Mars , but you really do n't have to read it to enjoy this one . Another note , this there is a John Carter of Mars movie in the works due out some time in 2006 - -LRB- 7 ? -RRB- . Check out this imdb link to learn more : http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0401729/
 ERB is a pioneer in science fiction and I can see the influence his work has had on many of my favorite authors . What I find truely amazing about this story is that deals with things such as aerial warfare but was written in 1913 when people were still debating if airplanes could ever have military value.Although the author was looking to the future with life on Mars and flying battleships , his values are anchored in the Victorian era . John Carter looks to fight the good fight , rescue the damsels in distress and still stay true to his princess . He 's a think man 's Conan and a monogumous James Bond all rolled into one . The plot line takes several unexpected turns and your pulse will be pounding as the story builds towards its climax.The story is written in the flowery prose that were typical of the Victorian era and it takes a little getting used to . As another reviewer mentioned , you just need to slow down , sit back and enjoy this one . It 's definately worth it.The copy I had was about a few years old and the binding completely came apart and as I tried to keep the pages in order while reading I felt like I had uncovered a first addition from 1913 . Normally , I would not have been to happy about that , but given the situation it just added charachter to the experience.If you pick this book up , make sure you also get a copy of the next book in the series `` Warlord of Mars '' . Once you finish `` Gods of Mars '' you 'll want to jump right into the next book .
 `` The Gods of Mars '' is , to me , that rare sequel that is as good as , if not better than , the original story in a series . `` The Gods of Mars '' starts with the second death of John Carter on Earth and his subsequent arrival in the Barsoomian `` paradise '' , the Valley Dor . It chronicles his escape from the Valley Dor and the White Barsoomians , the Therns , and his subsequent capture by the Black Barsoomians , the First Born , and his escape from the Lost Sea of Omean , the home of the First Born . As usual in the John Carter stories , he has to fight his way across Mars to find his `` incomparable Princess '' Dejah Thoris . To learn more , I would suggest purchasing this book , and every other one in the series . You wo n't be disappointed .
 After watching the movie `` John Carter '' and how it ended . I HAD to find out if he made it back . I love this series and wish the movie had been more widley seen .
 When we last saw John Carter , he had been accidentally transferred back to Earth , and away from his beloved Dejah Thoris . Well , obviously in a novel named `` The Gods of Mars , '' he is n't going to stay on his home planet . But Edgar Rice Burroughs ' second Barsoom novel introduces a whole new dilemma for our hero -- how to get back to the world of the living.John Carter returns to Mars , but is shocked to find that he 's in a completely unfamiliar part of it , populated by grotesque Plant Men and white apes . After encountering his old friend Tars Tarkas , Carter learns that they are in the Barsoomian afterlife . The problem is , nobody can return from the pilgrimage to the River Iss -- and if anyone tries , they will be killed.But the greatest threat comes from two breeds of Martian that Carter has never seen before -- the Black Martian pirates and the White Martian Therns , both of whom consider themselves to be gods.Anyone who survives the valley is turned into a slave , and Carter soon makes new allies among his fellow captives . But even if he can escape the grasp of the `` goddess '' Issus , he may not be able to survive in a world where escaping from `` death '' is blasphemy -- especially when he finds that Dejah Thoris may be doomed as well . `` The Gods of Mars '' is a much faster-moving story than the first Barsoom book , even though we 're introduced to a whole new part of Mars and two new Martian species . Burroughs just plunges right into the main story right away , and it 's a long time before he stops to contemplate the flora/fauna/customs of the Martians.Burroughs ' prose is also more polished in this story , with longer action scenes and a faster pace -- as well as some moments that are absolutely horrifying -LRB- the plant men , with their corpselike skin , ragged noses and wormy hair -RRB- . And while he still has the slight stuffiness of early 20th-century pulp , he injects a lot of vivid descriptions and action into the story.John Carter is still a bit on the Stuey side -- multiple women are in love with him by the story 's end , for instance . But he 's still a very strong character , with lots of guts and courage . Burroughs throws a rather unexpected twist into the story when Carter discovers that one of his fellow captives is actually related to him ; and he also introduces some other interesting characters , such as the malignant Issus and the strong , proud Thuvia . `` The Gods of Mars '' is one of the few sequels that is actually markedly better than the original book . But be warned
 The Gods of Mars + + + + + + + + + caution contains what some might construe as spoilers + + + + + + + + + + The Gods of Mars is the second book of the John Carter series followingA Princess of MarsThe Warlord Of Mars.In this book after John Carter 's arrival , a boat of Green Martians arrive on the River Iss and are ambushed by the previously unknown Plant Men . The lone survivor is his friend Tars Tarkas , the Jeddak of Thark , who has taken the pilgrimage to the Valley Dor to find Carter.Carter and Tars Tarkas discover that the Therns , rulers of Valley Dor , a white-skinned race of self-proclaimed gods , have for eons deceived the Barsoomians of the outer world by disseminating the myth that the pilgrimage to the Valley Dor is a journey to paradise . Most arrivals are killed by the beasts of Valley , the survivors enslaved by Therns.Carter and Tars Tarkas rescue Thuvia , a slave girl , and attempt to escape , capitalizing on the confusion caused by an attack by the Black Pirates of Barsoom upon the Therns . They are separated during the attack
 The Gods of Mars is an awesome book , almost as good as the first . John Carter the Earth born Virginian blood filled man returns back to Mars to claim what is his . None which means more to him than his beautiful Martian Wife . Not all goes well though as Carter returns to Mars , he finds himself in a part of the planet never seen by his own eyes . As a matter of fact the part of Mars he returns to is in fact what many Martians believe to be Paradise . Their own version of Heaven . All who make the journey to this great beyond do it freely , and are never seen again . Should they return from this paradise they find death waiting to be delt out to them by their own friends and family.John Carter finds this Paradise this Heaven to be a lie . A lie that has seeped into the very fabric of every species of Mars culture , belief , and ideas of life and death . So John Carter does what he does best . He test his metal against even the gods of Mars . He destroys royalty , fortress ' , and the so called Goddess of Mars herself . Shattering all ideas and beliefs of the Martian man , John Carter turns their Heaven , their believed to be `` great afterlife '' into a nightmare . John Carter shall open the pits of Hell and make his kingdom out of its fire.Why ? For truth , for freedom , for friends , family , and most important Dejah Thoris . Come along on this adventure as Carter finds his son , old allies , and death around every corner at the end of his long sword . None shall cross his path and live . If not by the shear magnificence of John Carters fighing and killing abilites alone then by all the LUCK that one man could ever wish to have . I happen to believe that John Carter must have been born with a horse shoe up his ass for he truely is the luckiest man ever . A fun , and enjoyable read that will pass the time .
 There is a great cast of characters in this book . Its been a long time since I read the first few Tarzan books , but I do n't remember his supporting cast being as well drawn as the characters in this book . Tars Tarkas for example -- John Carter 's four armed , green skinned war chief of a best friend is just amazing . In some ways he is an even more interesting character than John Carter -LRB- his backstory in the first book is wonderful -RRB- . This book picks up about where the first left off , ten years later , again introduced by John Carter 's distant cousin -- Edgar Rice Burroughs , pretending to be a Virginian . John Carter claims to have figured out how he travels between Earth and Mars and has prepared his young nephew for the upcoming excursion . -LRB- To a degree it reminds me of the Perelandra tales of C.S. Lewis , except MUCH better . -RRB- John Carter goes back to Mars , hoping to be reunited with his princess , Dejah Thorris , only to find himself having transported to the worse place on Mars to be . He has transported into the Dor Valley -- essentially he is on his way to the land of the dead . In this book he discovers the ` truth ' of the Martian spiritual beliefs , which up unto this time he had been content to respect.He encounters races that in his time on Mars before , had been unknow to him at all . There are white martians , the holy Therns -- essentially a priest class , and black martians , the First Born , who are essentially an over pampered high class . He also comes face to face with the goddess of death , Issus.Its a great book , and the love between John Carter and Dejah Thorris is really well illustrated.Now on to the third , as the second left me wanting more and while it was ` wrapped up ' it was n't really .
 We last left John suffocating and wondering if we will ever see him again -LRB- except for those few intrepid people that dare to read ahead -RRB- `` Twelve years passed since I laid the body of my great-uncle , Captain John Carter , of Virginia , way form the sight of men in that strange mausoleum in the old Cemetery at Richmond . `` John returns to a Mars he never saw before yet soon finds old friends and new adventures . Not everything is black and white as in the Saturday morning cowboys . The story is a never-ending series of last minute escapes until the very end when , well read the book and find out . Once again , we get to kibitz.A Princess of Mars
 I just finished Gods Of Mars and am ready for chapter 3 . I feel truly fortunate to have `` discovered '' burroughs at 43 . The rush of action , the clash of steel and its all mine for the taking . I have been forewarned that perhaps after the first three books it becomes hit and miss but I shall discover that for myself . Do yourself a favor and pick up A Princess Of Mars - book 1 - if you have n't already .
 Burroughs gets a lot of love for his Tarzan books , but one never hears much about these books . If you love adventure stories , swashbuckling , and good old fashioned rescue missions , you 'll love this series . CLASSIC in every sense of the word .
 Thank you for having these books for sale . My mother loved the John Carter series , I bought a set and kept them for good reading . One day I offered them to my son , and he wo n't even lend the books out , he loves them so much . I hope to complete my set . PS , I gave the books to my sister who was curious about our Mom 's reading likes . So I may order yet another set for myself .
 At the end of `` A Princess of Mars , '' the first in the John Carter series by Edgar Rice Burroughs , John Carter got the factory that produced oxygen for Barsoom -LRB- the Martian name for Mars -RRB- working again , but had collapsed . When he revived he found himself back on earth , separated from Dejah Thoris , the Princess of Helium and his beloved . Originally published in 1913 as a serial in `` All-Story Magazine , '' this story finds John Carter returning to Mars and setting off to find his woman.Knowing that `` The Gods of Mars '' was originally published as a serial is useful because Burroughs loads on the cliffhangers throughout the novel . When Carter returns to Barsoom a decade has passed and he finds himself in that part of the planet that the natives consider to be `` heaven , '' which proves to be a more ironic idea . Carter has to reunite with his friend the fierce green warrior Tars Tarkas , fight with the great white apes of Barsoom and plant men , violate some significant religious taboos , survive the affections of an evil goddess , help with a slave revolt , fight in an arena , and still save Dejah Thoris in the middle of a giant air battle between the red , green , black and white people of Barsoom . `` The Gods of Mars '' is an early Burroughs novel , which means it is high on action and low on details . ERB would set his adventures in strange worlds such as Barsoom , Venus , Pellucidar , etc. , but beyond the basic idea of it being a strange world he was content for such places to be the settings for this stories . The writing is a bit stilted and ERB likes to mix cliches and ponderous phrases that make the narrative seem dated , but `` The Gods of Mars '' meets his basic criteria of providing a ripping yarn for his readers . The best thing you can say about this novel is that the action never stops from start to finish . The worst thing you can say about it is that Burroughs puts off reuniting our hero with his beloved , but if you have read many of ERB 's novels , Tarzan or otherwise , you know that once his happy couple is back together the story is pretty much over.However , even at the end there is another cliffhanger that will make you track down `` The Warlord of Mars , '' the next installment in what is clearly the best Burroughs series . ERB milked the Tarzan character dry and still produced another dozen novels in that series , while the Mars books -LRB- sorry , the Barsoom series -RRB- remained relatively fresh .
 Edgar Rice Burroughs -LRB- September 1st , 1875 - March 19 , 1950 -RRB- continues the adventure started in `` A Princess of Mars '' in the sequel , `` The Gods of Mars '' . This novel was published from January to May of 1913 in `` All-Story '' as a serial , and then published in book form in September of 1918 . John Carter returns to Barsoom , finding if he were in time to save Barsoom at the end of the previous book , and searching for Princess Dejah Thoris who he left behind.As with the first book , this one opens with a foreword written by Burroughs , where he implies that this is a true story and that John Carter is real . The story then picks up with John Carter returning to Barsoom , but to an area which he has not seen before . He is almost immediately forced to fight for his life defending himself and a Green Martian who turns out to be his old friend Tars Tarkas . He soon finds that he has arrived in the Valley Dor , where the River Iss empties into the Lost Sea of Korus , or in other words , heaven . But it is no heaven , it is a place where those who come are slaughtered by the plant men , eaten by the white apes , or by the Therns , who fancy themselves divine , but have their own version of `` heaven '' which is much the same as that of the Red and Green Martians , and as much of a lie.Once again , John Carter makes friends and enemies along the way , from Thuvia , a Red Martian prisoner that he frees from the clutches of the Therns ; Phaidor , the Thern female who falls for John Carter after he rescues her from the black pirates ; Xodar , the black pirate who John Carter captures and who turns the tables on Carter . And , of course , the Goddess Issus , of the first-born . There is also a young Red-Martian warrior -LRB- Cathoris -RRB- who displays superior fighting skills , and Burroughs teases the reader by hinting at who his father might be , but always interrupting before it is revealed . Other old friends and foes appear as well , such as Kantos Kan , and Zat Arras.The story is entertaining enough for the reader to forgive the amazing coincidences within . One can certainly ignore John Carter arriving where Tars Tarkas is , even though he had never been there before , because the mysterious travel between worlds is not explained . On the other hand , the escape from Shador and the underground world of the first-born leading the escapees right to where Tars Tarkas and Thuvia are would certainly qualify as an amazing coincidence . Additional coincidences would include the Helium fleet appearing in the nick of time and of course on the opposite side , the re-abduction of Thuvia under their very noses.Almost the entire book is spent in John Carter 's pursuit of returning to Dejah Thoris , and time and again he is thwarted until the very end when he finds her , and then as the reader knows , foolishly leaves her to help his allies , only to find that she has been taken once again . The book ending in a much more obvious cliff-hanger than the first one , which some readers may find unfair.Overall , this book is not quite as good as the first in the series , but Burroughs does a good job of keeping it fresh and entertaining , building suspense for the next in the series , and of laying the groundwork for future stories as well . As a result , I give this book the same rating as the first in the series , as it does n't let up very much from the quality of entertainment of the first work .
 I first read the Martian Chronicles as a teenager . They are in fact the only sci-fi I 've ever read . What I want to know is why George Lucas or Steven Spielberg hav n't made movies of them ? With their abilities in the sci-fi world they could do a great job with them .
 Tour guides at the National Museum of Naval Aviation in Pensacola refer to this book as `` The Bible . '' Covers every aircraft in the naval inventory from 1911 - 1990 with minor exceptions . A photograph , diagrams and concise details highlight each type . Explains the confusing designation changes of 1922 and 1962 . Overall , if you have one book on Navy aircraft in your library this should be the one .
 This book lives up to the standards of the early members of the Putnam series.It provides a brief history of the type , three-view drawings , specifications/performance data and Bureau Numbers -LRB- USN serials -RRB- . Minor types , balloons and airships , gliders and foreign aircraft are dealt with by a photo or two and brief history.Add to that a very brief history of US Naval aviation , a detailed explanation of the five different designation systems used by the USN , markings an d colors , list of Navy aircraft by type -LRB- i.e. TB or F designations -RRB- and there is n't much this book does not have.Keep in mind , because of brief overview space limitations operational unit details are somewhat limited , usually just mentioning the first units to use the types or noteworthy incidents.I can also highly recommend a similar effort by the same authors , U.S. Military Aircraft since 1909 . One note
 Old Rockaway , New York in Early Photographs , exceeded my expectations ! I thought it would provide a photographic history of perhaps the 1930 's and 1940 's . I was pleasantly surprised to find nineteenth century photographs of the peninsula in its true heyday . Having lived in Arverne during the 1960 's and 70 's , I was amazed to see that the rich and famous visited this area very similar to the way the rich and famous today visit the Hamptons on the east end of Long Island . As you view the postcards from this early era , you can actually see the unspoiled landscape of sand dunes and bay marshes that no longer exist . And the magnificent hotels and homes that graced this once popular resort prove to me that the City of New York truly mis-managed the development since the 1930 's .
 I would probably have given this book 5 stars if the Belle Harbor section -LRB- where I grew up in the 60 's and 70 's -RRB- had been better represented , but still , it was great to see the neighborhood I left as a teenager in 1976 ! For those that live -- or lived -- there , especially if you spent any amount of time in Far Rock , you must get this book.To the authors
 Simply the only printed information available about the Rockaways of yesterday . It seems that everyone has roots in this once grand seaside community and this book gives you hundred of old postcard views of the towns along the beach . There 's not much left there from the old days and even fewer people left in the NYC slum who know how to read or right . So we 'll bet that most of the sales of this book will be outside of Rockaway . But if you 're heart 's at the seashore , then Vincent and William 's book should be in your library ... EKG , -LRB- escaped to Long Beach , NY -RRB-
 When the government robs Peter in order to pay Paul , they have to pay for the entire process of robbing
 This book is not all that hard to understand . In simple terms , Laband and McClintock tell us that we waste a lot of money trying to avoid someone else wasting our money . It 's not this fact that puts the reader so off guard . The fact that our society spends about four hundred billion dollars trying to influence two trillion dollars in government expenditures -LRB- about twenty percent of the total -RRB- shows what an inefficient mess our economy has become . This fact of wasted wealth should shock the reader . I could n't believe it at first . The amount of research used is impressive and definitive . Though Laband and McClintock do n't offer any serious solutions to the drain on the economy , this volume helps shape the continuing debate about wealth transfer .
 How much time , money and resources have been allotted to influence how wealth is distributed in this country ? Over $ 2,000 year for every individual , according to this title . The figure does n't represent the amount transferred , but the amount spent on influencing transfers . Transfer Society provides a refreshingly different perspective on new wealth and the process of distributing wealth within the government and private sectors . Intriguing and different .
 Not as well known as some of his contemporaries , Robert Lyons deserves a wider audience . Having previously published two other books on Africa , with Intimate Enemy he has published his most mature work . Composed of mostly square format black and white portraits , the book is spare simple and without judgement . . It shows again how the larger forces of history and politics can make the best of people do the worst of things . Not an easy book to look at but well worth having .
 Robert Lyons and Scott Straus , Intimate Enemy
 This very illuminating book shows us , through the descriptions of participants , what it was like during the Rwanda genocide . Photographic portraits made later show us other participants . Together they make a picture of yet another holocaust.The analysis of political scientist Scott Straus and the photographs of Robert Lyons exemplify the belief that objectivity is the key to understanding human affairs , social science . With it there is the hope that dispassionate , systematic analysis , like in the physical sciences , will provide understanding of and divergence from the destructive courses of the past . Straus uses the random sample ; Lyons the straight-on shot . By striping away context , there is the promise that essences will be revealed . If Straus and Lyons had been able to observe the killings , instead of asking questions third hand , instead of photographing after the fact , would we better understand why people kill people ? Terrorist videos with their fixed focus views are the closest we have to being present at horror . Yet when that wildly passionate , unprofessional radio announcer at the crash of the Hindenburg in 1937 says `` This is terrible ' , we understand . But what kind of understanding is that?Bill Arnold BA political science , MFA photography
 The book is a good text book for students in the field of Information Technology . It compehensively covers the concept but is lack of the examples of real implementation.It is also quite useful for those who are seeking for introduction of business process automation .
 This book was written for my grandchildren . I am the daughter of a lighthouse keeper and there are not many left who lived when the Lighthouse Service was active . This book tells of my life as a child . It is a story of the beauty and dangers of Lake Superior . At a time when lighthouses and foghorns were very important . when the faithfulness of Lighthouse Keepers saved lives and prevented tragedies . It is a story of freedom and adventure , sand dunes in summer and winter , lady slippers and arbutus , skipping rocks and finding agates , of hiking to places yet untouched by civilization . Memories of life lived as a Lighthouse Keeper 's daughter .
 Aaron Sisson , a coal miner and amateur flutist in the Midlands , abandons his wife and two children and escapes to Italy in the hope of throwing off the trammels of his environment and realising his individual potentials . His dream is to become recognised as a master flutist . In Florence , he mixes in intellectual and artistic circles and has an affair with an aristocratic lady who redeems him in his own eyes . Like the majority of Lawrence 's novels , the central theme is the relations between men and women , though this time , it is given a twist owing to Lawrence nourishing his mind on a reading of Nietzsche , who was then gradually becoming recognised in England . In his analysis of the concept of `` love '' between the sexes , Lawrence perceives it as a function of the will to power , a cycle of reciprocal domination and surrender , in which the man must conquer and the woman must submit . Elements of the rejection of the `` herd morality '' on Aaron 's part and his endeavour at self-development are both ideas of peculiarly Nietzschean provenance . The fact that Aaron realises himself through music is another echo of Nietzsche , who regarded music as the purest and most supreme of the arts , in which the passions achieve immense gratification . The title refers to the rod of Aaron in the Old Testament , one of Moses 's renegade priests who built the golden calf in the desert for the worship of the Israelites . The rod , his symbol of authority and independence , finds its echo in Aaron 's flute , which is broken later in the novel during an anarchist riot . There is a price to pay , Lawrence seems to imply , for daring to oppose orthodoxy and to try to create a new life for oneself . Unlike Lawrence 's more famous works , such as `` Lady Chatterly 's Lover '' and `` Women in Love '' , which are both admirable for their rich , poetic prose , `` Aaron 's Rod '' is drably written and occasionally tedious , with a narrative that is sometimes poorly connected , as it dwells on irrelevancies . However , the message , that of an individual fulfilling his duty to himself , is an encouraging and refreshing one .
 I 'm not going to waste anyone 's time by spouting the virtues of this book , other than it is one of those that gets better with each successive read and only makes you want to know more about Lawrence , since a lot of it is autobiographical . It 's a very philisophical , thoughtful , reflective book , not heavy on plot . It might really be insubstantial if not for the quality of Lawrence 's prose.Now , for this Public Domain edition -LRB- at a not so bargain price -RRB- . Mmmmmm , let 's see ... about 12 missing pages -LRB- that 's right , completely missing -RRB- , pages that look like they were copied by a 3 year old , or an 87 year old lush librarian -- smudgy , misshapen words , etc. . Hey , I know this work is in the public domain ... that 's no excuse to grab some piece of deteriorating crap off the shelf , copy it and then attempt to profit by duping people that what they 're getting is a quality product.It 's not like there are n't better , complete versions out there ... THEY 'RE ON THE WEB !!! This edition is lazy , a travesty , and should be banned from being sold by Amazon as fradulent advertising .
 `` Aaron 's Rod '' was a very elequently written book combining both powerful imagery along with a keen sense of imagination . The majority of D.H. Lawrence 's books ' are written in much the same style . 'T is unfortunate that the written word of his day is not as visible in ours .
 This technology module contains a brief introductory description to the exchanger type above , followed by information on construction , construction materials , operating limitsand principal applications . Where appropriate , a comparison is made with conventionalshell and tube heat exchangers to emphasise size and weight reductions that can beachieved by using compact heat exchangers.The Module 3 series present further information applicable to all technologies , such asgeneral advantages and limitations of compact exchanger designs , common applications , fouling and how to minimise it , energy efficiency . heat transfer enhancement , exchangerselection , specification and operation , process intensification and software programmes .
 Written by the late Stewart Farrar , his wife Janet and him are the authors of many classic books on Wicca , and witchcraft . Although staunch Alexandrians , their books are invaluable , and I highly recommend anything that has their name on it.The Withes ' God , like The Witches ' Goddess , written by Janet , is basically a Glossary of the many names of pagan gods , from all over the world , just as TWGS deals with the Goddess principle . Both books are written in the same easy to read format , and I require my own students to read these as well as many others , before I will begin to teach them.Highly recommended .
 This , along withThe Witches ' Goddess
 This is a really good book for people that are studying the gods . I truely enjoyed this book . It was very informative .
 While I do n't find all of the beliefs and practices of Janet and Stewart Farrar to be compatible personally , I must admit they have a huge amount of terrific information and research to offer . This book is no exception ! While it may not be * quite * as thorough as `` The Witches ' Goddess '' , this book is a must-have ! I highly recommend it .
 A true must for any wiccan/pagan ... a treasure to keep
 + AH4-There are so many books on the Goddess -LRB- including the prequel to this one by the Farrars , the Witches ' Goddess , which is good -RRB- but what about information about the God of the Witches ? This book by the Farrar 's , who are `` among the best known authors on the Craft '' according the cover , have complied a book solely on the God , including 12 or so individual Gods and appropriate rituals for each -LRB- Pan , Osiris , Tammuz , Thoth , Herne/Cernunnos , Shiva , The Dagda , Loki , Zeus , Eros , Ra and Amun-Ra , + AH4 - + AH4 - Wayland and Smith -RRB- . Also includes recipes for foods and incenses that correspond with the God -LRB- s -RRB- , photos and a dictionary of over 1000 Gods , past and present , and looks at the many faces of the God in history and mythology . I think it is a worthwhile addition to any Witch 's library to compliment the many Goddess books out there . While it is not beginner material about Witchcraft or Wicca as a religion of course , it is interesting and good reference material on the subject of the God . It strives + AH4 - + AH4 - to `` re-establish the ancient balance between the God and Goddess . '' I 'd recommend it along with the Witches ' Goddess since they really do go together + AH4 -
 I love this book , yes , as a Wiccan , there are not a lot of books written about the God , but there are some , and this is by far the best . It has stories , tells you whos who and what 's what . if you are a Wiccan , you need this book . Yes , I came into the Craft because the Goddess spoke to me as a woman , but the God has been masked and his many guises denied or branded evil . This book sets it straight . Please get your hands on a copy if you are Wiccan or wish to adore the many faces of God .
 This is one of best books when trying to find male deities for rituals and one of most complete even thou not totaly perfect it 's one of best i seen on subject . . Blessed Be ;
 This book provides a great historical overview of the many faces of ` God ' in his masculine role , spanning a variety of cultures , agrarian and nomadic , Occidental and Oriental , etc. . I would recommend it to any budding pagan who wishes to expand their concepts of ` God ' beyond the omnipotent , patriarchal , christian , misogynistic stereotype that most of us were brought up with . I have read several books by the Farrars and I would recommend most of them for the novice pagan .
 I was surprised to find this book , essentially , `` light reading '' . I 'm used to such a level of depth and scholarship from the Farrars that I was surprised they did not go into more detail in places.Still , they handled an incredibly broad subject extremely well , and the reference-list in the back -- with hundreds of God-names , telling what culture they 're from & giving a brief description -- is invaluable and unlike anything else I 've run across . This section alone should earn it a space on every Wiccan 's bookshelf.I plan to buy the companion book -LRB- The Witch 's Goddess -RRB- when I have a chance .
 All too often the Pagan God is forgotten in favor of the Goddess . This book will bring the balance back to our lives . It gives the history of many well know Gods as well as many not so well known Ones . It also includes rituals in direct relation to the Gods listed . I love this book ! It goes well with The Witches ' Goddess !
 This is a fabulous , necessary book . How many books do we have that look at the sacred male sexuality ? It is just a bonus that it was written by the Farrars . As usual , they have given the pagan community another reference book that doubles as an inspiration as well .
 This book is well worth the time and effort . Our male divinites are a vital part of our beings and the Farrars have done a commendable job with this one . I say that this volume is a necessary part of any witches study.Some people will dismiss the entire work because of a postition they do not agree with -LRB- a reviewer below advises that this book is dangerous -RRB- . In my view , I would think that most intelligent and understanding people in the craft will be able to utilize the information presented here as an asset to their own spiritual path . Even information that you feel is wrong is a gift because it can , if you allow it to , help to strenghten your own beliefs.What in my opinion makes this book , along with all of her published works so valuable to our history is the fact that , like Starhawk and the Spiral Dance , Janet has grown and changed over the years.It is important for us , especially to those who are just setting out on the path to see and undestand how the Craft , modern paganism and Wicca as a religion have developed , stumbled and grown into what we have now , and how it will hopefully do the same as the years move on . As we grow as a movement and learn more about our histories we can only hope that others who are held as leaders in our communities will have the same courage shown by Janet and others to realize that some ideas and understandings no longer work.That being said , I would like to add this
 Props to Will Connelly . I found it real researchable , very good to find , and overall the book I must find . I love it . It gives tips on rehearsing , what studio to built or to use , what type'a of equipment you must use or have , I mean it gives everything out from chapter to chapter.It also includes bibliography and recommendations you must read and know about . Good information .
 Written by one of America 's hottest contemporary erotica writers the author takes us on a real life tour of her private world of sex slaves , swinging and BDSM . In contrast to most readers pre conceived notions where the ` sadism ' part of BDSM lifestyle is usually a description of a master beating the living daylights out of his slave , Maria Isabel Pita describes her relationship with her master as a pretty well wholesome practice of living out her fantasies ... Yes there are rules and considerations to a good relationship and the results can only be understated as very very satisfying . Being a master erotica writer the author manages to describe her life in a manner that takes the reader on a delicious and vicarious trip into a world that generally are only deep and hidden fantasies of most women ... This real life exploration of a sex slave/master relationship make these fantasies not only seem more plausible but also delicious ...
 What struck me the most all throughout the reading of `` Beauty and submission '' is the power and bravery behind Maria Pita 's prose . She is undoubtedly a wise old soul . Yet , in the same instance , her no-holds-barred honesty about the lifestyle and personal odyssey with her beloved Dom has a youthful innocence that refreshes and renews like rain in the springtime . Love is new , and forever renewed , by each other . Life obstacles faced by most vanilla lovers face are present along with the countless obstacles any alternative lifestyle will bring . Every such mountain is a challenge scaled with intelligent and triumphant results . Missa 's enormous heart , and huge capacity to love and submit to her man in the purest sense , will stay with me -LRB- and I 'm sure all her readers -RRB- long after this book is closed . This real life romance makes fictional renditions pale in comparison .
 This sample test provides the look and feel of the actual PE exam.Amazon , I love your company , but your price ca n't compete in this case -LRB- almost $ 200 as I write this -RRB- . I purchased this same book on the NCEES website for a small fraction of the price you charge here -LRB- around $ 40 plus shipping -RRB- .
 I recommend using this as a timed test in your preparations for the PE . I had the PE earlier today and these problems are inline with the difficulty you can expect . Some of the other practice exam are way too difficult .
 Please note that the format of the Chemical PE exam will change somewhat starting in April 2011 . This sample exam is based on the old format that was used until October 2010 . The problems are still helpful when practicing for the exam , but this book has no longer the same `` look and feel '' as the new exam . NCEES has a new sample exam book out that matches the new exam specifications and can be ordered from the NCEES website .
 $ 200 for a book that can be purchased for $ 40 at the NCEES website ? is this a bad joke from Rip-off-mazon ?
 I learned a lot about the culture of people in the caribbean . I feel sorry for anyone who grows up without knowing a parent
 beautiful book that is worth having on my Kindle to reread even , & one of the few titles I would want that 's reasonably priced
 In rich and poetic prose , Kincaid powerfully describes the life story of Xuela , a woman with an alienated and barren soul , who can not love and does not want to be loved , yet surprisingly is very sensual . Kincaid points to the role of motherly love , and the bond to the homeland in forming the individual personality and consequently one 's flow of life.My quote
 I enjoyed this book though some of my friends had different thoughts . Overall I enjoyed doing business with you !!!!!!
 I loved this book . This is the first Kincaid novel that I 've read and I really dig the author 's repetitive style of writing . I could definitely identify with the main theme of the book , having lost my own mother as a teenager . You go through life looking for that type of love , always coming up short because nothing comprable exists to the love of a mother who truly loves her children.You blindly search for womanhood , without the guidance from what could have been your most instrumental teacher . I would absolutely recommend this work to any young woman who has lost her mother , through death or otherwise . I can not wait to get started on my next Kincaid novel .
 I have to speak up , because I feel that this book is being unfairly trashed . I stumbled across one of the chapters of this book in a collection , and I was so taken aback that I had to rush out and get the complete novel . I think that that Jamaica Kincaid 's writing is so beautiful and poetic that she could be writing about anything and I would read it . But she also tells a very interesting and important story . Xuela is a mixed-race , motherless girl who does not receive love from anyone , and must survive by loving and celebrating her self . Perhaps for those people who have always felt secure in their place in life , and surrounded by love on all sides , Kincaid 's book is too harsh and hard to relate to . But for those of us who have had times we when we felt so alone that we literally had to become our own mother and/or our own best friend , Kincaid 's novel is a testimony to our experience . A great book .
 Having read this title while vacationing in Jamaica , -LRB- even though placed in Dominica and the author grew up in Atigua -RRB- I was entirely able to understand Xuela . Many children are born out of wedlock , though the fathers still are involved with their children . Xuela is an extreme , but not implausible , case of emotional detachment . Everything in the book , from her father 's corruption , to encountering the stevedore during a downpour came to life in my reading experience . Be forewarned , Xuela is not a likeable character , and her physical self-love may be offensive to some readers . But Jamaica Kincaid 's blunt and honest portrayal of a hardened woman is undeniably hard to forget .
 I think more readers should read this in context of Jamaica Kincaid 's own personal life , especially regarding her torn relationship with her mother . It would then become extremely touching , as Kincaid really writes this to save her own living . While other reviewers have found this book to be harsh or dirty in some sense , we should gain the sense that this narrator is really at a loss for love , that there is so little to love , but was able to find love in herself .
 Jamaica Kincaid 's work always provokes sentiment for me . As a fellow Caribbean native , she describes some deep darks truths about people ... truths that are consistent only among Caribs as they are influenced by thier social and cultural norms.In this novel , the mother 's character , at parts , seemed much like my own mother
 The Autobiography of My Mother is not an autobiography at all , and it is not even solely about a mother . It is actually a novel about a woman whose mother died when she was being born . This first life event , which is also the first event the narrator tells the reader about in the story , is a powerful force that shapes the narrator 's life.Not only does narrator -LRB- Xuela -RRB- not have a mother , but she feels that she does not actually have a country , a homeland . She lives on the island of Antigua , which is only twelve miles long and nine miles long . The culture of her people was stolen by their English colonizers , and the only culture they now know is that of England.In my opinion , there are times in the book when the narrator is self-pitying and repetitive . I do think , however , that this is in keeping with her character . The book is written as if Xuela is sitting down with the reader and telling him or her her life story , and Xuela would definitely be a character who would repeat and overemphasize the bad parts just so the person listening would get the point.I also found fault with the narrator because she was very hyprocritical . She critized her father 's actions and attitude about life , but then she acted in simliar ways and had a simliar attitude . The one positive aspect about the main character is that she is a very strong woman who is not afraid to deviate from her society 's acceptable ways of behaving.I was surprised that I liked this book so much when I did not like the narrator . I think it is because Kincaid had such an integrity when it came to writing about the main character . She presented all aspects , positive and negative , and did n't only show her in a good light . All aspiring authors can learn a lesson in characterization from reading this book.Kincaid 's writing style is very seductive . It pulls you in and makes you not want to get away . I read this book in two long settings because I did n't want to put it down . She has a powerful way of describing people , places , and situations . Her prose is lyrical and truthful - after reading a passage , I wanted to sit back and think about it for awhile , because there was so much truth and beauty to be found in it.This is the first book I have read by Jamaica Kincaid . I am presently reading `` A Small Place '' , and hope to read the rest of her books in the future . I would recommend this book to anyone , but especially to writers who are interested in reading very high quality writing with strong charactarization and powerful description .
 If you understand the culture of the Caribbean , then you will certainly understand , and enjoy this book . As I read it , I remembered all the intresting characters from my childhood that resembled the characters in The Autobiography of My Mother . Jamica Kincaid 's style is so richly descriptive , it takes you `` home '' again . Xuela is a very strong female character , and although fate has made many of her choices for her , she ultimately takes control of her own destiny . A very good read , as are all her other works .
 It is difficult to rate Autobiography of My Mother fairly ; Jamaica Kincaid has written excellent books - At the Bottom of the River , Lucy ... - and this book is only well above average . Were my expectations not so high , the things that are right about the book would stand out more against the portions that do n't work . She is at her best when portraying the inability to love and the bitterness at the colonialist religion . However , there are points in the story where the political portrayal of victor vs. vanquished becomes a polemic out of character of the protagonist . A good book that is well worth reading - but is probably more enjoyable if you have read Annie John , Lucy or One Small Place so that the political polemic fits the reader 's growing knowledge of the author rather than simply being an element less adroitly handled in this particular book .
 Autobiography of My Mother is a powerful , mesmerizing , and other-worldy tale of Xuela , a woman of Dominica , West Indies , who is a worthy subject for Kincaid 's musical cadences and rapturous prose . Boy , can this woman write - and she infuses all her prose with the lilting voices of her compatriots . There 's no way to read her work aloud without finding yourself lapsing into the patois , sing-songy style of speech that comes thru so clearly in her writing . This book is a painful tale , the recounting of a difficult life without much love shown to the girl as she grows from motherless infant to strong and bitter young woman who aborts her pregnancy and remains defiant the rest of her life . Raised motherless herself , she determines never to mother others . Taken on a metaphorical level , the woman 's story could be the story of Dominica , torn by suffering , racism , power , and the unbreakable bonds that bind them together.Powerful writing on so , so many levels .
 This book carries an empowering message that every woman can benefit from about embracing one 's femaleness and sexuality . It is sad that some readers are frightened and offended -LRB- these two emotions go hand-in-hand -RRB- by the exploration of the body 's potential for pleasure and power ; this fear is exactly what Kincaid would like her readers to move away from . Women are taught from early childhood onward that their bodies and sexuality are shameful , but the protagonist in The Autobiography of My Mother teaches us that the body should be celebrated , rather than shunned . This world would be a healthier place if all of us adopted such an attitude .
 Although her story may not leave one with a warm feeling for Dominica , just reading this book made me ache for the places in her story , and I see every inch of the road , the mountain , the sea , like it was in front me . She weaves it all together into sad life and yet , how can you not long to see Giraudel and Mahaut , Trois Piton , and all deep green of that mystical place . I read it over and over and over .
 Jamaica Kincaid 's most recent book , The Autobiography of My Mother , is a poetically rendered account of a woman 's journey through loss , longing , hope , and strength . Kincaid 's writing here is imagistic and human so that the reader can enter the character 's life . The work questions our distinctions between poetry and prose , fiction and autobiography , the personal and the political . This book is a sensual and intellectual pleasure
 Losing a mom - never knowing your mom - living your life in anger . Sad . No redemption . It made me sad that some people stay in that state and do not find the only answer which is Jesus Christ . But I know this is true for many who 's hearts remain hard who have a big God void in their lives . It was an interesting story ... but very hopeless and sad .
 I like Jamacia Kincaid having read some of her other books . The subject matter was interesting enough to keep my attention although I found that the story line rambled and did n't flow to a logical conclusion .
 I enjoyed this book very much and I especially liked that the subject matter of the book was unique and unusual.The main character is not likeable , but yet the reader is drawn into her story and although she is quite wooden , you can feel her pain.My only criticism of the book is that it would have been better if it had been longer . I would have like to have known more about the characters.The writing is gorgeous and rich and it is very sensual . I think this is a very good book and I recommend it . It is not a typical read . It is unusual and unnerving in some parts , but I believe it is a true , honest and real portrayl of a woman very emotionally damaged .
 This is my favorite of Jamaica Kincaid 's , which of course is saying a lot . It is simply amazing . More complex and involved than her usual writing , it is a `` hard '' read , but definitely worth it . Also , if you ever have a chance to hear her read , it is amazing , and you will never read her in the same way again .
 Wonderful book ! This book synthesizes the experiences of a young woman growing up on a Carribean Island . It provides a point of view into a world few people experience or understand
 This amazing novel succeeds at its ambitious and worthy goal which , in my view , is to show with precision - intellectual , emotional , visual , auditory , olfactory - the sinister mechanism and the devastating results of maternal abandonment . Kincaid 's narrator suffers a grievous loss , and the circumstances of her life reinforce and magnify that loss . No one has ever protected her and she hangs onto life by a thread . Though amidst `` family , '' she is truly alone in the world . Franz Kafka wrote that one should only read novels that hurt , because those are the works that raise consciousness . This straightforward and skillful novel is replete with imagery of anger , sadness , and layers of detail that provoke utter despair in the reader - and that 's just Kincaid 's point . Kafka would have approved of this gripping story .
 I think this is the general consensus from the reviews gathered here , but I will add my voice to the chorus , so to speak . This book is haunting . This is not one of those books that you forget about as soon as you 've finished reading the last page . I 've personally never been to the Caribbean , and I do not think I will ever be able to personally visit Rousseau for instance , but Kincaid 's literary ability to make the descriptions jump off the page is something to be admired . there is a caveat to all of this of course . This book is not for the faint of heart . There are portions of this novel that are quite graphic , and that is putting it lightly . That is not to say that it distracts from the work itself , merely that it is there , and certain sensitive readers may take affront to it . This is a rich text that can withstand multiple readings , because you find something new every time . I came to this novel after reading . In a previous work '' A Small Place '' , and gratefully on my part , the author was redeemed in my esteem . Not that I 'm someone of any great import , but I had completely sworn off the author as someone I could never enjoy . this book is really hard to describe beyond the utter basics to someone who has never read it . in order to do so , I would need to commit a great disservice to the book and the author . There are elements of , biography and autobiography as well as magic realism , and what could possibly be construed as a cultural critique of the West . It is not necessary to see each and every one of these threads to enjoy the book , I merely use this as a way to comment that the author certainly has an intellectual project in mind.of course , this review is not an introduction to English . sufficed to say , this book is worth your time .
 this Book takes you on a journey for knowledge and understanding . it speaks to gaining something that is powerful that will be a stepping stone for better days and times ahead . this Book deals with expierences and coming to terms with life and how it has been dealt and the choices that you have to make.alot of issues and challenges are met head on and dealt with . very strong and well written book .
 I did not like this book at first . I found it overwhelming and disturbing , but then I realized that I could not put it down . It touches son a subject that it not often talked about in the open . How a child feels after the loss of a parent and the abandonment of another . This book was well written and did exactly what is was supposed to do , making me think and feel for the character . This is not a book for everyone .
 I loved this book . This is the first Kincaid novel that I 've read and I really dig the author 's repetitive style of writing . I could definitely identify with the main theme of the book , having lost my own mother as a teenager . You go through life looking for that type of love , always coming up short because nothing comprable exists to the love of a mother who truly loves her children.You blindly search for womanhood , without the guidance from what could have been your most instrumental teacher . I would absolutely recommend this work to any young woman who has lost her mother , through death or otherwise . I can not wait to get started on my next Kincaid novel .
 I truly enjoyed the pristine and perceptive photography combined with the accompanying narrative . This is a work of substance and a good companion for one planning a visit to this location . If one can not visit in person , I highly recommend visiting via this outstanding publication . Mr. Raventon and Mr. Horsted are to be commended for their contribution to capturing this piece of the natural history of this fascinating area .
 Out of several versions of illustration on this book , I love the Frediric Back by far the best . His illustration adds so much more warmth and at the same time sentiment to this great story .
 This is a collection of essays and op-ed pieces previously published in books , magazines , newspapers , etc.America is primarily the country of interest here , though other Western powers are related as well.That said , this is an excellent collection . Energetically all of Zinn 's writings stem against the massive tides of bureaucracy , imperialism , racism , big business , atrocities , irony , patriotism and militarism . He adeptly argues against the hypocricy of the past and the present in what I felt to be anticipation of a truly just future . His ultimate point being the need `` to achieve justice , with struggle , but without war . `` Most the writings are concerned with World War II and Vietnam , be it policies , battles or each wars place in history . WWI , Korea , Gulf War I , Kosovo and Yugolsalvia are also written about . As well , modern politics is engaged throughout and then illuminated in the final chapter , titled Beyond Machiavellianism which includes two expansive and frightening essays on U.S. Foreign Policy and the notion of a `` just war '' versus and `` unjust war . `` This is a call to common sense , pacifism and equality . Zinn presents all of his arguments against a morality that speaks to accountability , responsibility , hope , truths and the imperative of the citizenry to inform themselves and not senselessly accept our leadership 's habits or predelictions.A good introduction to Zinn .
 In this collection , Howard Zinn , a reputable historian and political activist , has compiled numerous essays and articles regarding the hypocrisy of global foreign policy and the lunacy/horror of war.Zinn 's analysis digs through the surface rhetoric and explanations given by governments in regards to the wars and imperialist tendencies that fuel the power of these nations . He exposes the deeper truths that guide nations ' foreign policy agendas . His article , Aggressive Liberalism , illustrates the two-sidedness of American foreign policy , citing the numerous acts of unchecked aggression that the U.S. has unleashed on smaller , weaker nations . One of the most interesting thoughts expounded by Zinn is the belief held by many Americans that the U.S. is seeking to improve the interests of these occupied nations through the use of American imperialism.However , Zinn does n't overtly slam the `` American way of life , '' or the institutions of America . Rather Zinn makes his statements through careful study and cites irrefutable evidence supplied by history in supporting his claims.Although Zinn is a dissident that sticks in the craw of more conservative America , his essays and article provide much food for thought , regardless of ones position on the political spectrum . This collection will certainly fuel discussion on a variety of topics .
 I am a great admirer of Zinn 's brand of radical politics as well as his revisionist history . Here he collects a series of his anti-War essays into one slim but excellent volume . Never have I seen the case for pacifism made so well , recommended to readers of all political stripes , even if you disagree with Zinn 's notions you 'll find the book insightful and easy to read . I especially enjoyed the WW 2 parts , since this is typically viewed as a ` good war ' . Zinn is despised by traditional historians , especially conservative ones , mostly for daring to hold unorthodox views , as a rule such talk seems ill founded . However he is also criticized for the sloppiness of his scholarship , and I was disturbed to find an example of that here , Zinn says : `` Bombing Ethiopia in 1935 , Mussolini 's son-in-law Count Ciano described the explosions as an aesthetic thrill , having the beauty of a flower unfolding . `` The quote that Zinn refers to is from Vittorio Mussolini , Mussolini 's SON -LRB- who wrote a book called Flying Over Ethiopian Mountain Ranges -RRB- and not Ciano , here is the actual quote : `` one group of horsemen gave me the impression of a budding rose unfolding as the bomb fell in their midst and blew up . It was exceptionally good fun `` In a sense , this does not detract from Zinn analysis , since he was commenting on something that was actually said , and making a point about how fascist regimes glorify war . The point is still valid , even if Zinn has attributed the quote to the wrong Mussolini relative . It is disturbing in that it displays certain sloppiness with the facts and a relative unfamiliarity with prominent figures of the period .
 This is one anti-war book I wish more Americans would read . The policy of continual foreign war carried on by this country is one I would like to see changed and reading this book helps clarify the issues .
 humans with their intelligence should be able to talk about solutions to big problems without slaughtering each other.wars should should be as disgusting as cannibalism!humans should grow up ... finally
 Most people still think of patriotism as inherently conservative or right-wing and denoting only positive and supportive attitudes towards one 's country . Or in other words , patriotism itself is an expressed opposition to dissent and to critical discourse . This popular understanding of what it means to be a patriot amounts to nothing more than jingoism . When it comes to war this is the only definition permited by media and -LRB- most -RRB- Americans to be openly and safely expressed . A good , patriotic American fully `` supports the troops '' , supports the march to war , and continues their support for the war , no matter what , until victory is declared at which time we are then to cheer for our troops and praise our leaders.But moral problems can arise if you manage to think . There are questions ... One issue that arises , or at least * should * for us Americans , is that of democracy . What does that mean ? How does that fit into popular expressions of patriotism ? And what about war ? Is it always such a good idea ? How much do you know about war ? The causes , it 's history , it 's cost . Reading Howard Zinn can only help improve one 's understanding and this collection of essays serve as a good introduction to Zinn 's work while expanding the reader 's knowledge of history and the phenomenon called war .
 At first
 This was the final book in this trilogy , and I enjoyed it as much as the rest . It kept my interest through the whole series . Foster gripped me in the drama of the Ice world I came to admire in the first two books , only now the entire planet was now in serious danger . The ultimate global warming destroying the planet and miraculously being saved by rouge adventuring heroes kind of story . This series made me a Foster fan . If you enjoyed the Flinx series , you will really enjoy this one !
 Nice ending to the series . does n't leave alot of loose ends . Good series to read for a bit of background on Skua September who is later encountered by Flinx on Alaspin
 Prolific SF writer Alan Dean Foster wraps up the adventures of the stranded Ethan Fortune and Suka September on the ice planet of Tran-ky-ky in a nice little package for fans of the series . Turns out the thawing of the ice at the equator Ethan saw in the second book -LRB- Mission to Moulkin -RRB- was not natural at all , someone is actually attempting to thaw out the planet . That could mean possible extinction for the Tran , which is unexceptable to Fortune and September . They and their Tran friends head out on the Slanderscree to see that the process is stopped , permanently . A wonderful ending to a wonderful series , highly recommended .
 I paid only 1 cent for this book and its worth it . I have been looking for it for over a year at the local used book stores with no luck so finally I checked here and within days of ordering I received it . It completes my collection and I can find out how the story ends now .
 This was a terrific wrap up of the Icerigger series ! The only sad part was it closed out one of the most exciting and original tales Foster has ever spun ! As a SF fan it leaves you longing for more adventure tales on Tran-Ky-Ky ! A wonderful and exciting book !
 The finale of the Icerigger series does not have quite the adventure of the other two and harbors a pretty silly villain and plot . None-the-less , anyone reading Icerigger and Mission to Moulokin will have to read Deluge Drivers , if only to spend the last few minutes available with our new friends the Tran . There is definitely something wonderful and personal about this series . The characters are very rich and you really want to know more about them and share in their adventures .
 The book represents a well written , consistent and easy to follow view on the area of algorithm analysis . It gives an excellent overview of various mathematical and computer science areas , including but not limited to combinatorial geometry , NP-problems , complexity theory , graph theory , algorithm analysis , dynamic programming and even computational geometry.Most of the chapters are intended for a senior level undergraduate and graduate student , but some -LRB- such as part 4 devoted to complexity problems -RRB- are more suitable for `` mature '' audience and require some preliminary knowledge in the area.I found chapters on sorting , data structures , recursion and functional programming well written and structured , and examples to be practical as well as informative.Sections on amortized analysis , randomized algorithms , approximation algorithms and iteration improvement deal with current directions in the algorithmic research and provide an excellent overview of the `` state-of-the-art '' in these areas . I also enjoyed reading through the section on greedy algorithms -LRB- shortest path and minimum spanning tree problems -RRB- . Section on computational complexity and analysis of the relationship between complexity classes seems to be a bit complicated , those who are interested in this area should probably do some preliminary reading.The last section on computational geometry -LRB- my area of expertise -RRB- and applications of Voronoi diagrams could be extended , but even in the current state it givs a pretty good idea of what computational geometry is all about.Overall , I give to this book a `` 5 star '' review and recommend it for anyone who is seriously interested in learning exactly how algorithm design and analysis work . I thoroughly enjoyed reading this book and can only wish that author would write more books like that in the future !
 This is a great book overall , but I give it 4 stars as it lacks the mathematical explanations that I personally was looking for . I am graduate student in Computer Science and a E-Commerce Consultant by profession . This book is more detailed than the Sedweick -LRB- I ca n't spell his name -RRB- in the sense that it has some more of a mathematical approach . It lacks the level of explanation that the Sedweick book provided . It has some math , but overlooks some steps thus targeting someone with a pretty solid math background , not someone with sophomore level undergraduate math background.Overall . . if you 're a student taking an algorithms or advanced algorithms class -LRB- especially a graduate class -RRB- , you might want to invest in this book .
 I have studied both undergrad and grad algorithm courses from this book at KFUPM . For a beginner , the author provides a moderate level of mathematical analysis which helps in building a solid foundation , but avoids minor details that may obscure the overall grasp of the subject . The Exercise sets at the end of each chapter vary from easy to challenging ...
 I have been using this book as a second reference in my AlgorithmEngineering class during the whole semester . I found it extremely useful for its nice structure , content and diversity of subjects treated , especially the ones in computational geometry such as Geometric Sweeping and Voronoi diagrams , for instance . I believe this book should be useful to any student taking algorithms class for its structureness , clearness , and completeness .
 This book is a no-nonsense complete guide to a healthy fit life . Whether you need to lose weight and get in shape -LRB- like me -RRB- or maintain an already fit body . You wo n't find any misleading marketing in this book , just the latest cutting edge information brought to you by a sincere , highly qualified author who acts as your personal trainer and motivator . It has helped me , and I 'm sure it can help you too !
 Tom Regan has assembled some of the best philosophers around to examine the profound concerns raised by business . I have used this text often in business ethics courses , and students are provided with thorough analyses of the philosophical issues raised by corporate responsibility , freedom in the workplace , preferential hiring -- the big questions . What is especially atractive is that each author wrote a chapter for this book , as opposed to the book 's being composed of essays culled from other publications . So , the pieces are intended for classroom use . This book is especially useful for the an instructor who has in mind a `` philosophical issues raised by business '' approach for a course composed primarily by philosophy students . The weakness of the book is that the lack of case studies , examples of corporations ' codes of ethics , law cases , etc. , will cause business students to complain about inattention to day-to-day management issues . I have dealt with this by supplementary readings of case studies . Perhaps in a new edition Regan will add such materials .
 Gardner 's D.A. series is much overlooked by Perry Mason fans . The Mason books can be excellent , but the quality is hit and miss with the later books . The D. A. series is Gardner at his peak ; the plots run fast and are tightly written . If you enjoy this sort of slighty obscure thing -LRB- and you know who you are -RRB- then you will love this book . Soon you , too , will be combing used bookstores looking for a gem hidden among the lurid 70 's era Perry Mason paperbacks .
 This saint is my patron , so I could not resist reading her story . This book was well written and kept my interest , as it would for a teenage , or even a younger person . The author did a great job telling the story of this American Saint .
 Excellent read , for children or for any age ; also for adults who want to get to know Saint Rose of Lima .
 This is a great book for children doing research about Saints , especially particular Saints such as the first female saint of the Americas . A little pricey for the book , 6.00 would incld . ship would be a better purchase .
 Reidhead wonderfully shows that getting saved is not simply saying `` uh-huh '' to basic doctrinal questions . He exposes the plague that has come upon evangelical christianity .
 I found this book by God 's doing . Was n't looking for it and was n't familiar with the author . The title caught my attention . It is a must read for all Christians , and for allwho think they are Christian . This book may be out of print but if you can find it , it will well be worth your search for it . I recommend getting it into as many hands as you can .
 I feel this is the best book I have read on biblical salvation . It is obvious that God is working on the sinner , but it is also very crucial that we know his order of operation . If you are looking for a book to help you examine your salvation or properly be used in Gods work this book is for you .
 Getting Evangelicals Saved explains how and why the church is lukewarm . The fire from heaven - God in us - dwells not in the hearts of many , many professing Christians . They have not been born again thus they are not `` born of God '' John 1 . Here 's something radical , page 53 `` Please do n't use John 3:16 with an unawakened sinner . Because , if you tell a sinner how to be saved , before he knows he needs to be saved , you only succeed in hardening him toward the gospel . `` Mr. Reidhead deals thoroughly with the problem of many evangelical methods that give people the cure before they know they have a disease . They need to be awakened and this is clearly modeled by Jesus and Paul through the use of the law to show people that they have a desparate need for a Savior . -LRB- Rom . 7:7 , Gal . 3:24 -RRB- They 're already guilty , but do n't know it -LRB- yet -RRB- . They must be woken up.Otherwise , they shrug and think they 're a `` good person '' as they are comparing themselves to other people rather than holding up their lives to the standard of an infinitely Holy God and his law.But to address the subject of false converts is to rub up against the modern gospel which seeks to `` win souls '' through a life enhancement gospel . That if you sign up , you 'll then have happiness . NO you wo n't . At least not the way the world defines it which is `` to enjoy the pleasures of sin for a season '' . Taking up the cross of Christ , to exchange your life for His , to walk in the way of righteousness is to partake of a grand paradox
 Charlie Smith is a master wordsmith . With mere words on a page , he is able to do what so many other respected , talented , and successful writers are unable to do
 This is a desert island compendium . The price makes it a steal , too . Pierce , from his evocative introduction and his prefatory personal note on growing up in Britain `` half-Irish , '' takes on this monumental compiling task and gives the seasoned veteran or the total rookie not only a selection from each decade , but expands the usual limits of literature to include essays , memoirs , travel writing , and polemical pieces . While Declan Kiberd has castigated Pierce for adding such as John O'Hara and F. Scott Fitzgerald into the canon , the attention to the diaspora -- from one who lives there -- in my opinion strengthens the utility of this book as a guide immensely . Such keen and neglected writers on Ireland as the Australian Vincent Buckley should not be relegated to the margins for their accident of birth.What 's more , there 's a very detailed chronology tying together major Irish events and correlating these with works from across genres ; appendices advising students about possible topics to investigate for research ; a catholic bibliography ; a sensible division into non-fiction and fiction in each decennial chapter . This book , while apparently aimed at the college student , should not be neglected by anyone who wants to learn more and read much more about Irish writing , as seen in enticing fragments , highlights and shadows come to light after patient recovery by Pierce ; together the famous and the obscure who constructed the century for Ireland in its broadest and most appealing panorama.One omission , shamefully due to the greed of the Joyce estate ; the table of contents lists , but the text does not provide , an excerpt from Ulysses due to ongoing copyright battles . As the book went to press , Cork UP could not obtain the rights from the Joyce estate 's mandarins to include the passages . This should not detract from the collection 's contents , as the novel is easily attainable , but it does show the pettiness and parochialism that ironically Joyce himself fulminated against still survives , decades after his death , among his self-appointed heirs who attempt still to control access to this expansive and appealing work not to be missed by any student of Irish literature . -LRB- For more on the -LSB- post - -RSB- Joyce battles , read Bruce Arnold 's `` The Scandal of Ulysses , '' also reviewed by me . -RRB-
 Did you know that Mary Shelley actually wrote Frankenstein based on facts - actual events ? Dr. Frankenstein really did create a monster from body parts of murderers , thieves and other hooligans . He did - true story . Oh , and did you know they are both alive today ? In New Orleans.Leave it up to Dean Koontz , with Kevin J. Anderson , to hatch a story where characters created years ago are alive and well and wreaking havoc to this day . Frankenstein
 My sister has impatiently waited to start reading this series again . :-RRB- She received her book and was very happy with it .
 Dean Koontz books never leave you bored . If you want action packed horror books then buy his . All of his books have exceeded my expectations . There are 3 of the Frankenstein books , buy them all and spend time enjoyimng yourself !!
 This is the first book in the 3 book Frankenstein series . It is true Dean Koontz with a great out there story line , quirky characters , and great one liners . A valuable addition to the bookshelf.Dean Koontz 's Frankenstein
 I 'm not even finished with it yet , about 50 more pages to go , I just thought I would see what other people thought of it while I was surfing the web.First , thank you Dean Koontz , for the short chapters . I love it . Quick , easy reading.I must admit that when I was reading the back cover at the store I thought it was going to be another serial killer book , set in New Orleans , with probably some supernatural connection , given the author . Boy was I ever wrong and boy was I pleasantly surprised . A little ways into the story I was like , ` What !???!! Dr. Frankenstein and the monster STILL ALIVE !?!? '' What a cool concept ! The story rolls along and keeps me wanting to read just one-more-chapter before putting it down . I love the characters - especially the sarcastic combativness between the two main detectives.I wish I could see this as a movie , as it was intended . It plays like a movie in my mind as I 'm reading.If you like a break from reality , like I do from time to time , then this book will give it to you ! Ca n't wait to start Book 2 .
 Dean Koontz 's very readable and well paced Christian-Horror series continues with many interesting -LRB- and crazy -RRB- characters . For those new to Christian novels , or the series in general , Koontz has take Mary Shelley 's Dr. Frankenstein and his monster and placed them in today 's world of skyscrapers . Common to the series is themes of horror , suspense , and the theme of science and psychology as the enemy of mankind .
 Dean Koontz explains in the beginning of this book , that at first this idea , the reimagining of Frankenstein was to become a TV miniseries but fell through , so him and Kevin Anderson went ahead and made it a book series . I am glad they did.It is n't Koontz or Anderson 's best work , but it 's a good read never-the-less . An interesting twist on the legend of Victor Frankenstein and his monstrous creation . What if Victor F kept creating after his first scrap job ? His practice piece turned on him and it was n't a perfect specimen by any means , so why not just keep trying ? And while he is at it , modify his own body to become pretty much immortal , to live forever , omnipotent to his creations like a God . The monster , who now calls himself Deucalion , is still living in a monastery , contemplating life and living in some sort of temporary peace . That all ends with an article sent to him by an old friend and he leaves the monastery for New Orleans which is now the home of Victor Helios , formerly known as Heir Frankenstein.A rash of hideous murders has taken place in New Orleans , body parts taken from them . The police are calling him `` the surgeon '' because all the cuts are precise and professional . There is also another set of bodies , with parts missing , but these are clumsily torn apart and seem desperate , not really `` the surgeons '' MO , but the police do n't rule them out as related . Two cops Carson O'Connor and Michael Maddison are assigned to The Surgeon and soon discover that they are n't dealing with a normal serial killer , and the victims are n't very normal either.I really liked this book , I wanted more of Deucalion but I know as the series goes on he will play a bigger role hopefully , he is quite the misunderstood monster . The book flows nicely , its easy to follow , its not confusing and it doesnt lull in any part , Koontz isnt a writer of gore and splatter but he gives us plenty to cringe at in this novels pages . He also brings in alot of thought on creationism , religion , eugenics , and `` human '' nature . I am looking forward to reading the rest .
 I re-read the original `` Frankenstein '' before starting this one . I think Koontz , et al. , did a great job of updating and continuing the story . I look forward to Vol . 2 and anticipate Vol . 3 which is coming this summer -LRB- 2009 -RRB- . Vol . 1 was past-faced with characters I really enjoyed .
 I read Frankenstein about twenty years ago . I always thought it was a stand alone novel . The idea of a sequel never really crossed my mind . Koontz and Anderson bring back the magic of that incredible book while also adding a new ideas to the story that makes it hard to resist and impossible to put down.This book is incredible . It takes place in present time so you get to see what your friends from original Frankenstein are doing over 200 years later . The story centers around two detectives that are investigating a series of murder cases were body parts are being taken from the victims . They soon realize that one of the victims is not human . The other main stories centers around two men one named Victor Helious who is living in New Orleans . What kind I say ? He is kind of a scientist . The other story is about a man ... a rather large man who is relocating back to New Orleans once he finds out that Victor Helious is still alive.Dean Koontz and Kevin J Anderson tell a great story that not only continues the classic story but also introduces the content to a new generation . There is also has a mystery aspect to it that could almost stand alone even without the Frankenstein element.Grade
 This was a fast paced read for me -LRB- and not many are these days -RRB- . Koontz takes the two pivotal characters from Shelly 's `` Frankenstein '' and brings them forward to modern times . Dr. Frankenstein is still up to his unethical tricks and has managed to prolong his own life through various methods -LRB- and oodles of $ -RRB- while his first creation patch-worked from various body parts `` Deucalion '' has also survived . Deucalion has spent many years searching for purpose and has quietly been living among monks to find peace . He is brought out of his world of tranquility when he learns that Dr. Frankenstein is still creating monsters -LRB- though this time via modern methods -RRB- . One of Dr. F 's creations has gone renegade and become a serial killer -LRB- and collector of various body parts -RRB- . Deucalion , because he knows Dr. F 's motives so well , joins forces with the police to help find the killer . This book held my attention from beginning to end with an interesting story as well as interesting characters . It 's humorous and horrifying and a very good read .
 I had heard about Dean Koontz 's Frankenstein long before I read it . I have ready many Koontz books and sometimes felt the endings of the books lacked in some way . As I was browsing through an airport bookstore , I saw this book and decided to pick it up . Boy , am I glad I did ! This is one of the better books I have read in a long time.The writing style and language grab you from the very beginning and do n't let go until the last page . The characters are all very well developed and Koontz actually has you caring for them when you are only a few pages into the book.The thing I really like about this book is that it is n't just the normal story of good vs. evil . The `` good guys '' have some bad in them that they are trying to overcome and many of the `` bad guys '' have some good in them also.I would definitely recommend this book to anyone . As everyone else is counting down the days to the new Harry Potter book , I 'll be doing a similar count for the next book in this series .
 Dean kootz 's new thriller tells what really happened to Frankensteins monster . its a fast passed thrill ride that you wo n't be able to put down . Mary Shelly meets Michael Connely . I ca n't wait for the second book in the series .
 I am a big fan of classic horror films ... although not necessarily of the source material the films were based on . Add to that I 've only read a few Koontz books in my lifetime and I went into this book with a lot of skepticism . In this re-imagining of the Mary Shelly works , the Frankenstein Monster , called Deucalion , has survived and is leading a quiet life in a Tibetan Monsastery . He 's secreted away from the rest of the world , safe and sound . He then learns , however , that his creater Victor Frankenstein is alive and well , and living in New Orleans , mad as ever.Frankenstein is now a rich Tycoon , and is up to his old tricks of creating life , and hell-bent on replacing mankind with his laboratory spawned creations . Unlike the Lighting created patchwork of corpses , these new creatures have been created with the latest technology and been essentially grown in the lab , and designed to be perfect . When one of these `` perfect '' creations escapes and becomes a serial killer , Deucalion will actually join forces with a couple of cops to hunt down the creature and Frankenstein.This is an interesting and intriguing take on the Frankenstein mythology . It 's not Karloff and James Whale to be sure . The original monster owes much more to the original Shelly story . This monster is intelligent and thoughful and it is his creator who is the true monster . The characterizations of the monster and Freankenstein are well done and interesting . I thought it was perhaps a bit overlong and bogged down in some spots but overall I enjoyed the book .
 We seen the story Frankenstein in movies . The tale has been told over and over again . But this book puts a new spin on a great and legendary character.Welcome to the future ... Frankenstein in the modern age . This book is compelling , thrilling , and full of mystery and suspense.This is a must read for fans of Frankenstein .
 Koontz is a gripping author and Frankenstein is no exception . If you like twists on old stories then this book will satisfy you to no end !
 I came to Dean Koontz 's Frankenstein by a long and twisty -LRB- and needless to say , dark -RRB- road . We could go so far as to call it an Odd road.What I can tell you is this -- that while Koontz 's Frankenstein is unspeakably more bloody and peculiar than his difficult but touching Odd Thomas books , it is every bit as satisfying a piece of writing . It is a compulsive read , and it tells the truth within the lie of fiction.It is not for the faint of heart . But if you are willing to think about the existence of evil , and if you are willing to believe that there are still people who give up everything to combat it -- if you hope that if need be , you might be one of those people -- this frightening series set so perfectly in New-Orleans-That-Was is for you.Deucalion -- and Cheez-Its ! -- forever !
 I have adored Dean Konntz since I was in High school , I remember reading Phantoms for the first time and not sleeping through a night for a week ! He is simply the best author I 've ever found , he grabs you in the first page and does n't let go until he 's done what he wants to.I too was very Wary of the title , but I 've found I 'm not thinking about Frankenstein when I 'm reading this , I 'm just too engrossed in the characters ! I can not wait until book two and I am so glad he wrote this instead of following through with making it a movie as he mentions in the begining of the book .
 I just finished reading Dean Koontz 's Frankenstein , an imaginative expansion of Mary Shelly 's classic . Two hundred years later , Victor Frankenstein 's original creation , now known as Deucalion , is a mysterious facially-tatooed Tibetan recluse who returns home once he learns that Victor is still alive , well & creating.In the intervening years Victor has managed to create a number of creatures to inhabit his new world order . Among them include : + A godless , Igor-like priest -LRB- without the deformity -RRB- + An autistic soul looking for happiness ; called Randal Six + A severed head -LRB- named Karloff -RRB- and an Adams Family-like disembodied hand + A homicidal police detective , how ironic + Several Stepford Wife-like brides called Erika who are numbered like movie sequels + And a monstrous , troll-like creature who emerges from Jonathan Harker 's torso in a manner reminiscent of the movie Alien . Ummm , was n't there a Jonathan Harker in Bram Stoker 's Dracula?Other monsters included : + The horror of abuse & neglect + The hollowness & anxiety of autism + The despair of soul-less existence + The terror of being violently used , stalked , maimed & killed + The madness of unbridled ego & self-gratification + The futile quests for soul-less faith , hope & happiness + The guilt of righting wrongs , erasing the past & erasing the present + The desire to create a Hitler-like world ruled/inhabited by superior beingsStill reflecting , I 'm wondering whether this was intended as a tribute to the horror greats & cult movie/TV favorites or an ernest attempt to stand on Mary Shelly 's shoulders to create something entirely new , yet entirely old.By the way , nice homage to Boris Karloff & The Brain that Would n't Die . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I was pleasantly surprised how much I enjoyed this book . Fast paced , detailed characters , original story , and an epic feel make this a great read . I have n't liked other Koontz before , but I guess Kevin J. Anderson helped pull Dean up to his level . I look forward to the continuing story -- especially by veteran writer Ed Gorman .
 As a writer , Dean Koontz is a favorite of mine because of hs tremendous imagination and his ability to place a reader into a strange and distant world without making them roll their eyes . It 's quite an impressive feat.That being said , I feel that Frankenstein is a `` take it or leave it '' as far as Koontz books go . My wife and I were discussing the contrasts between his better and lesser novels , and we decided that no matter what the book , his writing is great . It is his ability to bring magic into worlds that decides the fate of his books . I was disappointed with Frankenstein because there was no magic.I enjoyed the Monster 's character . I wanted more . The others were so-so and I really felt like the book did n't take us very far.But Koontz has an amazing imagination . This may not be his best work , but deserves nothing less than 4 stars because even when he 's not at his best , he is a champion wordsmith . I 'd say get this book used if you must buy it . If you 're not an avid Koontz reader , d skip it entirely and move to something tried and true . It 's just an opinion , of course , but but it 's one I feel confident in.Despite all this I can still say THANK GOD KOONTZ HAS N'T LOST HIS TOUCH . My favorite aspect of this book was very CS Lewis-like . He really helped show that we are created human -- flaws and all -- for a purpose . If you think you can make `` improvemnets '' on mankind , you will be much mistaken and find that choice and faith and supersticion are what make us a seccessful creation . Love and hate and disaster and intrigue are all a part of happiness . The way Koontz writes it , you 'll have to read that between the lines , but it 's not difficult . He 's a master at what he does .
 I 've read several versions of Mary Shelly 's classic tale , but leave it to Dean Koontz to put his own spin on the book . This is a gripping novel that you can read in a day . Koontz fans will love it and those into monster tales may discover him as well . I ca n't wait to finish the 2nd in the series .
 the book was great . i ca n't wait for the next one . definitely captivating .
 Frankenstein is still alive . He 's been building up an evil scheme . In his demented mind , he thinks is the answer to all of life 's problems.You , like everyting Koontz has written , are thrown into right into the middle of a fast paced roller coaster thrill ride that challenges anything at any amusement park . Koontz , as usual , makes you feel like you 're a character written into the book . Even though he does n't write in the first person , you almost feel like he has , with his writing style . Koontz has the amazing ability to take 4 mini-stories , include them in the greater story . You 'll never get lost though . He 's able to weave them all together flawlessly so you 're never losing track of who any of them are.Make sure that you 've had plenty of rest , a good long period of free time , and food and water nearby . Then , find a comfortable chair , and sit back . You 're NOT going to want to put this book down . I sure wish I could 've found the time to read this book in one sitting . I dreaded putting this book down even for a moment.Enjoy this thrilling update of one of the most infamous schemers in the history of literature . You ask yourself , almost immediately , did Mary Shelley write Frankenstein from personal experience ? Was it semi-autobigraphical , or biographical ? Was it fiction ? Was it a combination of these?After reading this book you might not want to know the answer .
 Dean Koontz does it again , but this story he adapts from an old tale . At first I did n't know what to expect but as always Koontz delivers with his twist and excellent story telling . this book will have you hooked . Highly recommend for any Koontz fan or mystery/thriller readers .
 this book is very good as I have come to expect of Dean KoontzI 've been reading his books as long as he has been writing them and am never disappointedI wish the 3rd book was coming sooner but i 'll take it when I can get it
 Dean Koontz 's `` Frankenstein '' is based on a 60 minute TV pilot that Koontz wrote that was picked up by USA network . When USA asked him to write a two hour pilot and possibly follow it with a series he obliged . However , USA then took the script rewrote it , changing all most all of it , Koontz withdrew from the project . Now he has decided to put it in book form and while it entertaining and funny there are a few problems with it . Firstly , unlike Koontz 's other books the characters are n't developed as fully as they could be . Secondly , it ends a bit abruptly , but there 's a second book coming so ... But the book is pretty good and is one of the better Frankenstein remakes to come out in recent years.The chapters introduce us to a number of characters ; first we have Carson O'Connor . Carson is a girl , in case the name confused you . She 's a homicide detective , with an autistic brother who is currently looking for a serial killer who calls himself The Surgeon.The Surgeon has been tracking down women and taking the body parts that appeal to him in the hopes of compiling the perfect woman . He does n't consider what he 's going to do when he has all the parts though . Carson 's partner Michael Maddison has crush on her , although due to their partnership is reluctant to admit it . Michael has the best dialogue in the book , every time he speaks it 's a wisecrack and some of it is laugh-out-loud funny.Then we 're introduced to Victor Helios , a biotech tycoon who is actually Victor Frankenstein , over two hundred years old . We also have Decaulion , the original Frankenstein . A deformed , tattooed man hunting Victor to finally kill his master . And Randal Six , an autistic creation of Victor who longs for happiness and sees the chance to find it in Carson 's brother Arnie . Now that I 've established that , Victor is creating a race of `` Frankensteins '' he calls the New Race which he will eventually use to destroy us ; the Old Race . Koontz has came up with a brilliant idea and the only problem with the book is the character development . Not that the characters are n't well developed , they 're just not well developed for a Koontz novel . B + .
 I have always been a fan of Dean Koontz , but this book blew me away . Everyone seems to have given their own varied basic story line , so that 's not what I 'm going to do.The tone of this book is grim . It 's not happy , not by a longshot , but the language is thoughtful and understanding , which makes hating characters all the more difficult.The characters are solid and well-rounded . There were a few cracks in the seams that I think could 've been mended by a little more editing , but all in all I thought the characters were realistic to the point where I was comparing them with myself.The book is the first in a series , and it hangs at the end , like it 's supposed to . I do n't know when the next book will be coming out , but I know I will be waiting anxiously .
 I have always been a fan of Dean Koontz 's books and when my flight was grounded and I was to spend the night in the airport , I figured I 'd better get myself a book to keep me entertained . That 's exactly what this book did . I enjoyed reading it so much that I almost missed my connecting flight back home because I did n't want to put the book down.It 's unique , fresh and fast paced . If you enjoyed the original Frankenstein story , you will adore this `` updated '' and more complete modern version . You will not be disappointed !
 Dean Koontz has woven together a novel that draws the reader in from the first page ... He creates an epilouge to Mary Sheely 's Frankenstein that easily stands on its own two feet ... Set in New Orleans in the present , the story follows Victor Helios , a.k.a Dr. Frankenstein , gruesome creations as they assimilate into everyday life ... He wishes to grow the new age of human beings ; human beings he controls ... Koontz 's descriptions of New Orleans , Victor Helios ' creations and the grisly details of murders committed are esquisite ... Frankenstein
 After reading `` the Taken '' , I was a bit skeptical to buy another Koontz novel - that book was a throw away story . But after reading Frankenstein I am now leaning towards being in the Dean Koontz camp . Why leaning ? Only because one book does not make a trend . He 's batting 1 for 2 right now so I 'll just wait & see.This book is a real page turner . Not too scarey , but some good suspense and a great twist on a classic tale . It is a very believeable take on `` what would happen if Dr Frankenstein & his monster never died and made it to the 21st century ? '' . There are more monsters in this book than you can keep track of , but each one has a story and in the end all the story lines meet up .
 Leave it to Koontz to come up with a way to reenergize the Frankenstein story .
 Frankenstein movies and books have been out and around since the original novel was written by Mary Shelly . While I 'm not a hardcore fan of Frankenstein I have to admit the idea of where a new storyline with it and its characters would go . Although , I was worried when I picked this book up from this book at a library book sale for 25 cents.This book is very good because it never focus 's on one character and all of the on going plots are very interesting . Although , their are a lot of them so sometimes I felt confused on what was going on.Also , at times the book seemed pretty long -LRB- despite it only being around 470 pages -RRB- but overall it was a good book . I would recommend it , even if its not the kind of book that 's for everyone .
 After taking a long break from Dean Koontz , I had to get these as soon as I had the chance . I was at a point where I was getting tired of the same kinda story set in good old Cali . But , I could n't let his view on a great classic story just go by . Now I am fully back into and his writing again and ca n't wait for book four to hit the streets . Book one started out a little slow in my opinion but picked up by page 100 and hase n't stopped rolling since . Koontz ability to take you on that lovely roller coaster ride is in full force with a lot of surprise turns everywhere . If you are just thinking of picking up this series and have like Koontz in the past I highly recommend them and try not to read any spoilers , it can ruin a lot of surprises .
 Most of us know the story of Mary Shelly 's monster from the 1800 's . What if the story did n't end there?That 's the basis for this series of novels from Dean Koontz.Carson O'Connor and Micheal Maddison are homicide detectives investigating a series of murders in New Orleans . Along the way they discover that the classic story of Frankenstein and his monster lab may not be just fiction.My husband originally borrowed an audio copy of this book from the local library . I did n't get to finish listening to it before it was returned . So , a few months later , I decided to check out the unabridged book.The story jumps around a bit . Each chapter is written as a vignette of the characters involved
 Bought this book as someone loaned me the next two in the series . I read them all within 2 weeks because I needed to see what was coming next , and it was hard to put them down . I hope to hear more about Deucalion 's `` adventures '' .
 Prodigal son is Dean Koontz 's take on Victor Frankenstein . 200 years later He is still alive but living under an alias and living in the city of New Orleans . He is still practicing his art of creating humans or monsters , and they are called the `` New Race '' . As we enter the story he is creating a army of the new race to one day take over the old race -LRB- humans -RRB- , but his creations are starting to have minds of their own , questioning existence , god , and trying to find happiness . This is all a bad sign as things are getting a little chaotic.We follow the stories of a few new race monsters , one is Deucalion , the original monster that Frankenstein created and is the basis for the original book . Another is a murderer trying to find something inside others , one is the sexual plaything of Victor Frankenstein , and one is an autistic monster trying to find happiness . Pulled into this whole mess is two New Orleans detectives
 I am a huge Dean Koontz fan , and although this is not my favorite book , it was definitely a page turner . Koontz ' reworking of the Frankenstein tale is fascinating and gruesome , but it also has a nice dollop of humor thrown in for good measure .
 In the Frankenstein trilogy , bestselling author Dean Koontz goes on a tangent from his usual novels with this short series taking on arguably one of the two most famous horror novels of all time -LRB- the other being Dracula , of course -RRB- , but putting a whole new spin on it that will leave readers reaching for the sequel.In a world much like our own just about everyone knows about Mary Shelley 's Frankenstein . What everyone does n't know is that it was based on a legend about a scientist known as Dr. Frankenstein . Only he somehow managed to make himself immortal and is now alive and well in the twentieth century , living in the United States . And over the last century he has been busy . His new and improved `` creatures '' now walk the streets as ordinary looking humans with extraordinary powers . Only some of them are starting to `` malfunction , '' killing innocent human beings in the process . Victor Helios , as the doctor is now known , does n't care , continuing to create , with the goal of taking over the world with a perfect race.Then there is Deucalion , Frankenstein 's original monster , who is now forced to come to the Untied States to face the growing evil and put a stop to it . Meanwhile detectives Carson O'Connor and Michael Maddison get to deal with all the mangled and destroyed bodies that keep showing up , trying to put the pieces together and figure out what is really going on.Prodigal Son is a strong start to the trilogy that reveals Koontz still has some great stories to tell . With an abrupt end , readers will be grabbing for book two , City of Night , and book three , Dead and Alive , which is now available . -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 With over 40 novels to his credit , many of them bestsellers , there is little disputing that Dean Koontz is one of the world 's most successful novelists . However Koontz 's career has had its ups and downs . I like to look at his career as a 4-phase wave . The first phase was when Dean was still refining his chops as a novelist with early thrillers such as `` Night Chills '' , `` The Vision '' and `` Funhouse '' . These novels were highly entertaining , albeit somewhat unsophisticated works of suspense . Phase 2 of his career , which occurred during the 1980 's , is the best , with an endless stream of classics , most notably `` Phantoms '' , `` Watchers '' , `` Strangers '' `` Midnight '' and `` Lightning '' . Koontz stayed in top form for nearly a decade and a half before hitting a nose-dive in the later half of the 90 's with what I like to consider phase 3 of his career , where his writing started to get soft , melancholic and where Dean was constantly trying to prove to people that `` I 'm not a horror writer '' . Novels released during this period such as `` From the corner of his eye '' , `` One door away from heaven '' , and `` The Face '' while still managing to maintain commercial success were among the worst of his career . Phase 4 is what I like to refer to as the resuscitation of Dean 's career , which started with the excellent `` Odd Thomas '' in 2003 , `` Velocity '' , the post-apocalyptic `` The Taking '' and now his 3-volume reworking of Frankenstein . Yep , Koontz is back at the top of his game and as a lifelong fan of his works I could n't be any happier.Koontz 's new saga takes place in the city of New Orleans where unbeknownst to the general populace and its authority figures Victor `` Frankenstein '' Helios has been busy designing and developing a `` New Race '' , a more sophisticated kind that he wants to populate the world with . Helios is certifiably mad of course , and his experiment begins to take an unexpected turn when some of his subjects start to malfunction and rebel against their commands by brutally murdering civilians around the city . Investigating the case are detectives Carson O'Connor and her cynical partner Michael . Once it becomes apparent that the murders are not the mere work of a serial killer but that there are more mysterious forces behind them , they enlist the help of Deucalion , Victor Helios ' first creation who has now rebelled against his maker and his kind.Apparently this novel is co-written by Kevin J. Anderson although it 's unclear to me what part he had in writing the novel since this story has Koontz 's signature stamp and style all over it . He is finally returning to the type of thriller that elevated his career to new heights , which is the technology run amok theme with a vicious god-complex serial killer and other horrific elements thrown into the mix . The city of New Orleans , with its traditions of voodoo and the macabre , provides the perfect backdrop for what Koontz sets out to achieve.I found it to be a refreshing idea that this time around it 's police detectives , usually portrayed as the most cynical of species in popular fiction , that would believe in a supernatural entity . The female detective is the believer , the male one is the skeptic , kind of like a reversed Mulder & Scully . Once the two finally get over their cynicism , start to believe and go after Helios and his ghouls is when the book gets really interesting.I must admit to agreeing with the several reviewers who have noted that this feels incomplete and ends abruptly and that 's why I am awarding this a 4 - * star review . When all is said and done , this series as a whole might merit 5 stars but as a stand-alone novel I can only give this one a 4 . It takes too much timesetting up its premise and when it finally picks up steam , the novel ends.Still , Dean Koontz 's Frankenstein is shaping up to be an excellent series . This does n't feel like a Mary Shelley rehash at all . I 'm familiar with her tale yet was consistently surprised with the unexpected turns and directions Koontz went with this story . This definitely feels more like classic Koontz then what Shelley wrote . And with its short chapters -LRB- 97 in all -RRB- it 's great reading for commuters and/or those who do n't usually have enough time to read fiction .
 I have not read Dean Koontz work in sometime ... at least 15 years ... and man have I been missing out ... this is the first book in the Frankenstein series and this was really decent ... twisted fun !!! Koontz knows how to make the reader get into the mind of the character , and allows you to delve into each one separatley , while keeping the story together and very interesting ... you actually felt for the characters ... at least the semi sane ones ... lol Great book ... looking forward to the next one !!!
 When I first saw this book for sale , I had doubts about how good it would be considering the title `` Prodigal Son - Dean Koontz 's Frankenstein '' . But being an avid Dean Koontz fan I ordered and read it despite my doubts . Wow ! Next to the `` Odd Thomas '' trilogy , the `` Frankenstein '' books are my favorites . The characters are real , the story is interesting & fast-paced . I absolutely loved Book 1 and Book 2 . I ca n't wait for number 3 to come out !
 As usual Dean Koontz has created a world peopled with interesting individuals . The monster is n't a monster and the handsome doctor is ! Although the book has many pages , it reads almost like real time and is over too soon . You want to see what happens next , you feel for the people in is book . I am eager to read Frankenstein , Book 3 .
 I am a 15 year old girl with not much knowledge of the vintage frankenstein but id like to say that this was one of the most gripping books i have ever read ... . i could not put it down , ever ! i had to sit there for hours just reading the book , that 's how good Dean Koontz appeals to me ! i am currently reading the second book and i cant put it down , eithermuch luck , Kat
 When I first heard about this book , I wonderded if it was going to be a new story or a continuation . Fortunately , a continuation.I had read reviews about the book here and after the local library did not ever have a copy in sock , I bought it . I read it in 4 days , reading each night after work . I can say it was a good read . Steady flowing action , no real dull moments , no unnecessary story lines , etc. . I was not disappointed at all.I gave it only 4 stars , much for the same reason others have , the ending was rushed and abrupt . But , never fear , there is to be 3 more books before the real ending . So , we all have something to look forward to.This is only the second Koontz book I have read , so I was unable to distinguish where he was writing and the other author was writing . More die hard Koontz fans may be able to tell the difference.So , overall a good , smooth , never dull , read . Highly recommend it to anyone looking for a different take on the classic tale of a mad scientist .
 One has suggested the Decaulion character lacked depth . Another has hinted that the ending lacked surprise -LRB- must have been reading a different book -RRB- . Remember two things
 Since all the other reviews have gone into detail regarding the plot , I 'll skip that . Let me just say up front that I 'm not normally a Dean Koontz fan , but he did an excellent job on this book . In fact , I can hardly wait to read the next one ! There 's enough action , suspense and plot twists to keep you interested all the way to the end - and believe me , I get bored with a book VERY easily . That being said , there IS one other Koontz book that I would recommend wholeheartedly - Odd Thomas . I truly think that it 's the best work Koontz has ever done .
 Officially my favorite author ! Ca n't wait to see what the rest if the series has to offer . Thank you Amazon
 Really enjoyed it , I 've felt the last few years Deans ` Christmas release ' books are written with out his heart or mind too involved but he clearly has gotten his spark back with this book . I ca n't wait to read the others in this series !
 I have always loved the classic horror characters . The Frankenstein monster was one of my favorites because it was a creation of man that was never given the chance to learn and grow . When I saw Dean Koontz wrote a Frankenstein series I was intrigued . I knew nothing about this book going into it and was pleasantly surprised to see it set in modern times . This is set in today 's time period as if the Frankenstein monster still lived and how he would adapt to modern society . Victor Frankenstein still lives among us and is creating the ultimate replacement for man . There are a lot of characters but each is developed very well . This was well written and I am looking forward to the next few entries in the series .
 The Frankenstein
 This is an excellent way to begin a series , I was hooked from the first chapter . Dean Koontz has successfully reinvented the classic Frankenstein tale .
 So when 's the movie coming out I liked the book and would recommend this to anyone with interest in sci-fi
 I 've been a fan of Mr Koontz for a long time . This book is on par with his best works and I 'm hoping to read the rest of the series soon .
 Read this when it first came out but did n't have the Kindle edition . Wanted to read again so purchased it . I totally enjoyed reading it again .
 I bought this book because I wanted something to read . It sounded interesting , but I was n't sure I wanted to read it . Every time i went to the store to look at books I was drawn to the book so I decided to try it . I loved the book and I had trouble putting it down . When I was done with this book I immediately bought the next book .
 Of all the `` remakes '' of the classic Frankenstein , Dean Koontz 's version of the classic with it 's modern twist is far the best in my opinion . If you read the `` first '' on the first page , Koontz explains that his version almost became a television series with Martin Scorsese as executive producer . Dean Koontz and Martin later then withdrew their intrest because USA Network and it 's producer wanted to make major changes in the script . It 's too bad that it never happened , because I think it would 've been the best version of the classic!After reading Koontz 's Frankenstein , I can only suspect that the script needed to be changed for ethical and moral reasons . The only true characters from the original is `` Deucalion '' and `` Victor Helios '' . I love the way Koontz has revived these characters with such extreme `` sickness '' and humanity . I can not explain the story that evolves around these characters other than to say-Go and read Dean Koontz 's Frankenstein!I also wished that I had taken my time with this book , because now I have to wait for book 2 to come out !
 Reading this book was a nice relief from several recent books by DK that I hav n't enjoyed nearly as much as his earlier worked . This book has adventure , action , both realism and surrealism -LRB- unlike Life Expectancy , which is totally surreal -RRB- We are back to multiple characters and story lines that come together and interact with each other . There are monsters , villains , and idealistically good cops.The story is fast paced and entertaining . This is the Koontz I enjoy and ca n't put down . I ca n't wait to read the second book . Bring it on !
 I struggled with how to review this book . As usual I picked up this book , Dean Koontz 's Frankenstein book 1 , when I was traveling somewhere to read and take my mind off the flight . It worked and the book was good . But really , could they not have made the print smaller and made two books just one book ? The book did not have the bite of other Koontz novels , but he did share the writing . It is a bit far fetched , but it is a good update on the classic work Frankenstein . Overall - B JVD
 This is a wonderful twist on the classic . The characters are very well rounded and I was grabbed from the beginning . I now and then ponder how the biologically impossible events in the book could actually be brewing in someones own lab at this very moment . Mr. Koontz takes today 's traditional underdog and makes him not someone to pity but someone to perhaps admire . My only negative on the book is that I am hooked and will make sure I quickly purchase the next in the series.If you like seeing the dark side of life let in a little light , you will undoubtedly become a Koontz addict as have I. Do n't plan on doing anything else until you finish this one.I also highly recommend THE FACE . Another dark side trying to usurp the light . Excellent , excellent , excellent books .
 I have to admitt that I am not as big a book reader as I used to be . However , when I saw this book in the store I could n't resist.The idea of making a remake of the classic book was exciting and possibly to like the original . Let me tell you upfront that this book was GREAT !!!! It is the fastest I 've ever read a book -LRB- 4 days -RRB- ; I could not put it down . This book is very direct in the plot , and easy to follow the chapter changes . Koontz writes the characters in a way that you can truely understand exactly what they 're feeling , and you can sympathize with even the dubious villians . I hope you take the time to read this book , IT IS WORTH IT !!!!!!! PS - The next part to this book is set to be released in July 2005 : -RRB-
 I 'm pleasantly suprised . I have read K.Anderson ` novelizations ' , and been a long time DK fan , and so far I am really enjoyingthe series . I wont re-iterate the Editorial Write-Up . You canalso go to DK 's web page and get a synopsis of all the maincharacters . Looking forward to the next installment .
 I 'll say up front that I am not a Dean Koontz fan . I lovedWatchersbut the next couple of Koontz books left me cold and so I stopped reading him after that . I say this not to bash him as an author , but to establish that my praise for this book is based on its own merits and not any admiration for the author in general.When I saw that this book was based on the Frankenstein mythos , it grabbed my attention and I decided to take a chance on Prodigal Son . While the book starts off a touch slow as it introduces a number of characters and subplots , it quickly builds tension and speed . Detective Carson O'Conner is the central character but Victor Frankenstein and his perspective are also prevalent throughout the story . There are two serial killers at work and for very different reasons both the police and Victor want to find one of the murderers . I do n't want to spoil the plot so I 'll stay away from the details but the characters are very well handled and I found it to be more and more of a page turner as I went along . There are also some enjoyable scenes featuring Victor 's creations as they use their superhuman strength and speed if you enjoy a good monster fest.I only had a couple of quibbles with this book . First , it is only the first of a planned series of three so it does n't have a true ending . Many of the threads are tied up but there is a real cliffhanger on the last page . I would prefer that the story be more self-contained even if there is a larger tale to continue in later novels . Second , one of the serial killers takes up a large part of the first half of the book and then his part of the story comes to a screeching halt with no real payoff . While his presence makes a somewhat interesting contrast and parallel to Victor , it 's hard to say that the character really needed half the space he was given , so it almost seems like filler in hindsight . Still , his story was fairly interesting so it 's far from devastating to the book.Taken as a whole , I definitely enjoyed Prodigal Son . I have not yet decided if I 'll buy the next two chapters -LRB- only the second book is even available as I write this -RRB- but this was a good read and may even convince me to try another Koontz book at some point .
 Keeping my review simple . This is a great series - I own book one and two . If you think you will like it , you will love it .
 What a great concept . I love Dean Koontz books , without exception , so it 's no wonder I loved this one , too !
 I hate reviews that tell me too much about a book.What I loved about Prodigal Son was the pacing , the gritty feel of the darker parts of New Orleans -LRB- my personal favorite city -RRB- , and complex characters who were interwoven in this thriller . I was also thrilled to know that Kevin J. Anderson was a co-author on this adventure . Kevin 's novelizations for SKY CAPTAIN AND THE WORLD OF TOMORROW and THE LEAGUE OF EXTRAORDINARY GENTLEMEN capture the feel of the movie as well as allow a reader to fill in with their own imagination . How I wish that FRANKENSTEIN had been made for TV or Film ... I 'd be in line at least twice to see it because of the craftmanship of Anderson & Koontz on paper only makes my want to see a filmed interpretation that much more .
 Forget what you 've heard about . Victor Frankenstein and his creation did not die -- they are still alive , and in New Orleans . Driven by power , Victor has created a race -- a New Race -- of `` men '' who follow only his orders , who are programmed only to obey him ... but like all master plans , this one has a few glitches . Like , what happens when a superhuman suddenly gets a mind of its own?Deucalion was Victor 's first creation . He has spent two hundred years in hiding ... and has just found out his creator 's plans . Traveling to New Orleans , Deucalion hooks up with two cops
 The idea to keep the original story intact and just bring us a new chapter 200 years later is just great ! The story , as usual with a Koontz book , unfolds at break neck speed . I mean it never lows down , right up to the very last page ! Be forwarned , there is nothing that even comes close to closure in this book . Its as if they wrote the entire story and picked the most suspenceful parts and end the book there . Then smiling , they watch as we anxiously wait for next volume to come.If you like Koontz , horror or SiFi please go out and get this book . But take one word of advice , you may want to wait till we are a little closer to the release date for the second book . I 'm in anguish knowing I have to wait four months !
 All I want to do is click on the stars to indicate how much I liked a book . I do n't want to have to write a review in order to rate something I read .
 Thank you for the quick delivery , and the great price and very good condition of the purchase and the packaging of such , you have a happy customer!BB
 I just completed book one and it was great . A modern twist on an old great thriller .
 I absolutely love Dean koontnz re-envisioning of the whole frankenstein story.Koontz 's story is so much more interesting than the original or any other versions put out there.I was so disappointed about the televsion version falling through.Those idiot producers had no idea what the hell they were doing.Koontz wrote his version for a reason and it was n't so some tv dummies could take it upon themselves and suggest major changes.This version needs to be faithfully and only faithfully put to the screen
 A series of peculiar murders are happening in New Orleans . The monster -- Deucalion -- is called from Tibet to New Orleans because someone has recognized the true identity of a famous philantrophist
 I was totally blown away by Koontz 's update of the Frankenstein tale and loved every page of it . I could n't put the book down , and even when I did , found myself picking it back up again quickly . Although the ending is abrupt , what else would you expect from a series ? It satisfied some loose ends , yet left me wanting and waiting for the next book . An absolutely fantastic book !
 I 've liked Koontz for years , but recently started reading more of his work . When I learned of this book , his version of the Frankenstien myth , I just had to check it out . Just as I expected , the story swept me away with a high caliber of writing , intriguing characters and a plot that kept me interested all the way through to the end . If you are looking for classic Dean Koontz , you wo n't be dissapointed . This is , however , the first in a series , so while there is some resolution in the end , much is left wide open for the following books . If you 've never read Dean Koontz , this is a great book to start with-it is a well-told story that adds to and magnifies Mary Shelly 's tale . Oh , and one more thing
 I have read most of Dean Koontz 's books and really enjoy him when he does n't get too dark or `` weird '' . This book was neither -LRB- unless your squeamish about serial killers , in which case you should n't be reading horror anyway ;o-RRB- and I really enjoyed it.The Cop/Buddy aspect was fun and the monsters kept it interesting . If you are looking for a good horror read , definitely pick this book up !
 Very good Dean Kontz tale , the next book I get will be Book 2 ! Looking forward to continuing the story , Scary is good !!
 This book is surprisingly witty and has both the elements of a good detective novel and a science fiction classic . The characters are well developed and the premise is interesting . I am currently reading the second book in the series and it is just as enjoyable .
 An interesting spin on the original classic horror story . I am currently reading Dead and Alive , the third book in the five book series . Prodigal Son is so well written that I could hardly wait to read the second book , City of Night . Prodigal Son is filled with so many interesting characters , coupled with the twists and turns that you always get with Koontz . A must read for Dean Koontz fans . It wo n't disappoint !
 Book 1 of the 5-book Frankenstein series is a great start to a great series . A good book on its own , but an excellent lead-up to the rest of the series .
 I love the idea of an ancient monster becoming a hero . I love the modernization of bringing that `` monster '' into our time . I love the characterization of the detectives , the monster -LRB- I hate to call him that-because , clearly he is not a monster -RRB- , and all the people they come into contact with.I love the characterization of the people the true monster -LRB- Victor -RRB- created , Erika 5 and Jocko . Evil can not control all . Goodness will always arise , somehow!I appreciate Mr. Koontz 's vision into the real enemies of our time . He is awake.I love this modern version of Frankenstein as much as Ms Shelly 's original . Both authors saw evil in their time , but goodness triumphed!The ONLY thing that I do not love about this series is that it ended .
 This was a great book to read , and I found myself flying through it . A few of my friends read it as well , and we all enjoyed it . Understand this is not a stand alone story . It 's part 1 of 5 , and it will leave you wanting to read the next book as well . I felt the series as a whole would have fit more comfortably into 3 books instead of 5 , but that 's the nature of the beast.The characters were interesting and well written , and the story was very engaging . I definitely would reccomend this title to others .
 This is my first Dean Koontz novel , highly suggested reading by my mother of all people ! I really enjoyed this story of a modern day Frankenstein monster created by an even bigger monster . There were quite a few stories intertwined in this book , all presumably leading up to an ending.Which brings me to why I did not give this book 5 stars . While it was very well written and edited , it was left with a huge cliffhanger . I understand this is part of a series but I personally prefer for a book to be somewhat wrapped up before going onto the next one . This book just suddenly ended in the middle of a scene . Anyway , I 'll be getting the rest of the books -LRB- of course ! -RRB- , because I know good quality writing when I see it .
 Figured that , with all the books he publishes and the things people say , he must be doign something right , so I check it out . Namely , his rewriting of the classic horror story done in modern times.It does have a bizarre start , one dealing with Deucalion not in the city , but in the mountains of Tibet , and you briefly meet a likable monk who 's humorous . Then the deadly message that starts off the adventure of Deucalion 's life
 Dean Koontz did a very good job of putting a twist on the story of Frankenstein . I enjoyed the series vey much .
 First off , this is my second novel by Koontz . I just recently gave his lastest book , What the Night Knows a review , if you want to check that out , please do.How should I begin ? Well , I 've been researching the series , and I notice the last three books have lower ratings than the first two , but nonetheless , I decided to go with Prodigal Son just to get away from the supernatural . The first few chapters got me ! As got me as I could n't put it down easily.I liked the idea of having Victor living for two hundred years , and he 's running New Orleans . The idea of the New Race which seemed to what look like humans , but underneath , they 're monsters -LRB- like two hearts , and organs of unknown uses -RRB- . Then about past halfway through , there 's a twist , and the story changed it 's main enemy to this character which I wo n't spoil . Then the idea of having a growth coming from this character is really shocking.I 'm planning to read the rest , even some got bad ratings which does n't stop me from reading them . This book was fun to read , and it has some moments I wo n't forget .
 Dean Koontz builds on Mary Shelley 's `` Frankenstein '' by bringing the Monster , now named Deucalion , and Victor Frankenstein , known as Victor Helios , to today 's time . Victory has created a new race of men and women who will eventually over take the human race . Helios has become evil in his search for immortality , perfection , and creations who will worship and serve him.Deucalion had attempted to murder his creator two hundred years earlier but failed . He has discoverd what Frankenstein is up to and knows he must destroy him before Frankenstein can destroy mankind.Detectives Carson O'Connor and Michael Maddison are searching for a serial killer and become involved in a grisly fantastic discovery , Their path cross Deucalion 's and they work together to find a killer and a madman.This is my favorite of Koontz 's story . It has a little bit of everything to keep the reader turning the pages . What a climatic ending ! You have to read the second book to find the ending to this first book in a series . Pick it up at your local library today and enjoy !
 I 'm normally not a huge sci-fi buff , but I decided to give the Frankenstein series a try since it was so highly recommended by several of my friends . I was not disappointed ! Koontz introduces a take-over of horrific proportions , where human kind is faced with a new and terrifying race that has been designed by the murderous and powerful Victor Frankenstein . Koontz introduces a scientific world that is both fascinating and terrifying . I highly recommend this book and the series as a whole .
 Victor helios is a man that is so demanted and horrid in his pursuit of a ` perfect race '' . His first `` creation '' was Deucalion , a man made of parts of other condemned men in the graveyards . He is a monster but a man , and has more heart and soul than Victor ever could.Victor wants to make a race of super humans , but things are going slowly wrong . . spinning out of control , but he is too much of a ego maniac to see that.Deucalion has come to new Orleans to help two detectives solve a serial killers motives and Deucalion has answers .
 This was a great read ! The mad scientist return & theres so much mystery its very intriguing . However , I did find it to be a bit confusing with so many charecters to keep up with in order to understand the whole storey & how it meshes into Frankenstien but Im glad I read it : -RRB-
 I began reading this series when it first came out . I tore through Book 1 and 2 and was totally enthralled with the characters and plot . By the time I had finished those two , the third book still had n't been published yet , and I lost track of the series while reading other stuff in between . I only recently rediscovered the series and was very pleased to find that there are now many more volumes.I have been a fan of Dean Koontz for about 15 years now , and I enjoy his writing style . It changes depending on which character 's perspective he 's writing from - dimmer characters are written in short , newspaper-like sentences , for example . He has a wonderful way of describing the setting -LRB- New Orleans -RRB- in these books , without belaboring insignificant details , and you can almost feel the humidity and smell the curry as he 's writing about Carson and Michael.The plot is as described in the listing . This is NOT a re-telling of the Frankenstein story . It 's a continuation that answers the question `` What would Victor Frankenstein be doing if he were living in today 's society ? '' . I find that fascinating , and the books do not disappoint.If you like monster stories and very well thought-out , interwoven stories , you 'll like this . If you prefer a linear narration from one character 's point of view from start to finish , this is n't for you . There are parts that are gory , but Koontz does n't give them any more time or detail than he does any other aspects of the book . I ca n't wait to keep reading and see what 's next !
 This book would probably have to be the best work of fiction I have ever read , and I have read a lot of fiction . Short chapters , follows all of the characters so you have every aspect of the story line . Very interesting and just up my ally , hits very close to home . I connect with Victor very much in some aspects . After reading this book , you almost want to start experimenting with reanimation , and see where it goes ... or maybe thats just me . Very good book though .
 I received this book as a gift since I am a Koontz fan , but I was n't too sure about this one . I was afraid it would focus more on the graphic horror than telling a good story . Boy was I wrong . I really enjoyed how he has taken such a familiar tale and reworked it to fit modern times . It sucked me in from the beginning and I could n't put it down . Ca n't wait for Book 2 .
 I originally bought this book for the kindle , and by the moment I started reading it to the time that I finished it I immediatly wanted to read more ... so what did I do ? I bought the whole series . This is an amazing thriller for people who love the classic Frankenstein , and the newest cast of characters . Something about Deucalion is strangly romantic causing people to be drawn quickly to the story . I highly reccomend this book to people who love thrillers .
 This novel brings a classic legend up to date by replacing Victor Frankenstein 's previously crude monster creation techniques with biotech engineering , cloning , and computer programming . Victor has learned the secret of long life and is still alive and well in 21st century New Orleans . Now a respected scientist and wealthy member of high society by day , Victor practices his high-tech life creation projects by night in order to create perfect beings , totally obedient to his will . He seeds his creations throughout the city so that they can undermine , and eventually replace , humanity and lead to a perfect New Age society . In the meanwhile , Frankenstein 's original monster , now called Deucalion , is also gifted with immortality . He learns of his creator 's existence and sets off for New Orleans to seek revenge . When a series of gruesome murders occur where body parts are removed from the victims , two police detectives try to track down the killer . Is one of Frankenstein 's creations to blame?The portrayal of Frankenstein 's creatures is especially interesting . Created with a carefully controlled blend of human emotion and programmed behavior , they are at times confused about their feelings . Sometimes their human component fights against their artificial one , with interesting results . In a clever turnabout , Victor Frankenstein is portrayed as a monster and Deucalion has evolved to show more human traits than his creator . At first I was amused by the fact that immortality has become a popular pursuit , and that others in the story besides Frankenstein and his creations are capable of prolonged lives and physical perfection . Yet the real-world popularity of plastic surgery , nutritional supplements , and health clubs does prove that art imitates life.Koontz originally wrote this story as a two-hour script for a television series pilot for the USA Network . When the producer requested major changes , Koontz pulled out of the project and decided to rewrite the story in book form in order to preserve the original concept . This book is only the first in a series of novels about Frankenstein and his progeny . Although I was expecting the story to have a few loose ends to pave the way for the next in the series , the ending could have been a bit less abrupt . Nevertheless , I enjoyed the story and am eagerly awaiting the next in the series.Eileen Rieback
 Dean Koontz does and excellent job with his take on Mary Shelly 's Frankenstein . The story takes place in modern day and Victor Frankenstein -LRB- now better known as Victor Helios -RRB- has been alive for centuries creating his super human `` New Race '' of people who he plans to one day control to wipe out man kind -LRB- the `` Old Race '' -RRB- and create his vision of a more powerful productive world . Now it is up to Detectives O'Conner and Maddison with the help of Victores original monster who now goes by the name Deacullion to stop Victor and his New Race and save mankind.This was a great book that was hard to put down . If you have the time its very easy to read in one sitting . It offers suspense , excitment and a bit of humor . Highly recomended for all Koontz fans .
 Though a fan of Koontz , when I first saw the title of this book I was afraid it would be trite . But I was wrong . This is one of Koontz 's best efforts in years . He does not rewrite the story of Frankenstein , rather , he builds on it.It is the present day and Dr. Frankenstein is alive and well and continuing his efforts . His goal is more clarified . He is no tragic figure , but an evil man bent on building a race of perfect beings that will replace humanity . Over the two hundred years since the events portrayed in Mary Shelley 's book -LRB- which , in an nice twist , is explained as a semi-historical account based on legends and hearsay -RRB- , Dr. Frankenstein has amassed a fortune and a vast biotech empire . Through modern genetics and science , he no longer has to piece together his creations from dead humans . He grows them and programs them with directives and information . He and his creations bide their time , infiltrate humanity , and await the time to strike openly.Opposing these efforts is Dr. Frakenstein 's first creation . The Monster still lives , but has become more and more human while his creator has become less . Koontz and Anderson do a great job of portraying the monster as a suffering man , noble in spirit yet malformed in body . His path and mission cross paths with two homocide detectives on the trail of one of the New Race who has become a serial killer after he realizes that his programing and superior genetics has left him empty , missing something that humans seem to possess.Koontz and Anderson 's decision to place the story in New Orleans was a stroke of genius . They do a good job of capturing the mood of what is perhaps America 's most foreign , haunted city . The food , the history , the music , the graveyards . All are effecitvely portrayed and woven into the story.The book is a quick read , with 4-5 page chapters dealing with one sequence of events , the moving to another . Despite this , it does not come across choppy . The writers keep the pace going while making the narrative clear.A good book . Reminscent of , though not quite at the level of , Koontz 's excellent Twilight Eyes .
 Frankenstein
 I decided to read this book after I was told of its ' existance from a friend . I had n't previously been a big Dean Koontz reader , having only read maybe 2-3 of his stories , but the idea of a new Frankenstein story intrigued me . I was definitely not disappointed in any way with this story . It almost felt like light-hearted reading compared to some of the other stuff that I had read recently . While not as much as I 'm used to , it had enough action and gore to keep me going , and what a great story it contains ! I zipped through the first two books just in time for that supposed ` Winter ' 06 ' Book 3 release , and I have yet to see anything further about it . I really want to see how this story continues , and I think anyone even slightly curious about this story will feel the same . If you happened to catch the movie that was released related to this , do n't even bother comparing ... the book is SO much better
 Koonz is the only author that I 've ever read where I either love or hate the book . I have to say , the first two Frankenstein books are the best of the best . I pessimistically began this book thinking , `` How is he going to pull of Frankenstein living in the 21st century ? '' Not only did Koontz pull it off , he did it with flying colors . The book reads fast , there is the right mix of understated humor and supernatural story telling , combined with well developed characters that hold the readers interest . I 'd recommend reading both books one and two , as the final installment of the trilogy is due out in early 07 .
 I resisted reading this book , even tho I am fond of Koontz 's books . It just sounded trite and boring to me . But I finally caved and got it . What a surprise that it was just loads of fun . Yes , it was grisly -LRB- after all , we are talking Frankenstein here -RRB- , but it had Mr. Koontz 's usual good pacing and story telling , believable characters , etc. . I look forward to the next installment , which I will certainly not resist reading !
 I 'm not much of a Dean Koontz fan ; his tendency to use ` deus ex machina ' to resolve plots and such has always put me off . I 'm also not much of a fan of the horror genre anyway , so I rarely read Koontz . However I had heard a bunch about this series , including the rumor that Martin Scorsese had at one time expressed in interest in producing it for TV . Anyway , I was really kind of glad to read this and see that Koontz had put a little life and a novel twist to the old story . I 'm actually looking forward to the next two parts .
 Having recently finished Velocity , which had me hooked until the abrupt and meaningless ending , Koontz 's modern spin on a classic tale is tremendous through and through , except for the fact that it had to end somewhere.Koontz sets up a brilliant storyline , beginning with the gruesome yet loveable Deucalion , otherwise known as Dr. Frankenstein 's first creation . Weaving in series of characters from their viewpoints , including a homicidal female body part-collecting freak , Victor Helios -LRB- Dr. Frankenstein , who through his own bio-technology and enhancement has been able to keep himself alive for all these years -RRB- , the doctor 's wife , and a young autistic creation of Frankenstein 's whose fascination with crosswords and order keep him somewhat sane.The only thing that I would have changed , had I been the author , would be the character that collects female body parts . The fact that he was neither a creation , nor involved with Helios or anyone else , until Helios had him taken out , was a bit odd to me . He was undoubtedly a fascinating character ; however , his relevance to the story is a mystery to me and seemed to just be a faade for adding a bit more length or meat to the novel.Other than that minor detail , which subtracted an imperceptible amount from the book , I loved the book and it was an extraordinarily fast read . The next thing I plan to do is pick up the sequel and continue to follow the tales of the valiant Deucalion and his treacherous architect .
 Dean Koontz is one of the best genre writers working today . I have read most of his fifty plus novels , and I think PRODIGAL SON ranks as one of his best recent efforts.PRODIGAL SON is the first in a planned trilogy of books that retells the story of Frankenstein in modern times . Book Two was released last year and the final volume will be released next summer . Like most fans , I 'm eagerly awaiting that third book , which is over a year late.The plot of PRODIGAL SON is very enteraining and fast-paced . It has very short chapters , kind of like a James Patterson novel . This is a good book for younger readers , since it is written in a very simple , staightforward style.If you 're new to Koontz , this is a very good place to start . Some of Koontz ' books are somehwat overwritten and tedious , but PRODIGAL SON does not fall into that category . This is n't a great novel , but it 's tons of fun.If you like this book , I recommend reading some of Koontz ' earlier work , such as WATCHERS , ODD THOMAS , MIDNIGHT , and DRAGON TEARS .
 this is the first koontz 's book that i readit really is a fantastic book to read and very intriguing too . . it makes me think how a `` monster '' like deucalion can find peace in tibet and it intrigues me on how these `` monsters '' keep on searching on what can make them happy . . one of the element in this book is perfection and it shows that perfection does n't exist . . sure , physically these monsters have it all , two hearts , immunity to pain but what makes them crazy and truly a monster is their quest to what really is missing in them , emotion , the true feeling of happiness ... the story flows smoothly that i just want to keep going to get to the bottom of it . . another thing that is also a plus for me is that koontz mentioned about autism , carson 's brother who is autistic and also one of victor 's creation which was based on autism . . it was an eye opener for me ... and i 'm really looking forward to read the 2nd installment and also the rest of his books . . truly amazing !!
 I have mixed feelings about Dean Koontz - some times I like his writing and sometimes it does n't work for me at all . But the idea of retelling and extending the Frankenstein legend appealed to me for many reasons , first of all , it is one of those quintessential horror stories that combine pure horror with questions of rebirth and immortality . And secondly , no one has ever quite gotten it right since Mary Shelley first penned what is really one of the first great works of science fiction.In Koontz 's work Baron Frankenstein has ceased to be a sympathetic researcher fighting to prove that life can be created . Something in his mind broke on that desperate night when his creature first awoke , and the doctor has pursued the creation of life not because it is a miracle , but because he wants to replace humanity with creatures of his own engineering , replacing our chaos with a cold utopian world where he is the ultimate tyrant . Now he pursues his dark science as Victor Helios , on of New Orleans most respected citizens by day , and a sadistic experimenter by night.When his original creation , who now calls himself Deucalion -LRB- the Greek version of Noah -RRB- , finds that Victor Frankenstein still lives , and is the end of humanity , Mary Shelley 's monster realizes he must oppose his creator . For in living in a human world Deucalion has discovered the humanity in himself that Frankenstein left behind . The monster is human now , and the human has become a monster . One who has been insinuating his creations into society long enough to be untouchable by the law.Almost coincidentally another monster wanders the streets of New Orleans , a serial killer who is desperately looking for something he knows is missing from himself . As he reaps ` perfect ' parts for his own collection he runs afoul of the evil he imitates . Detectives Carson O'Connor and Michael Maddison join to hunt the killer down and find that the complex clues lead to more than they bargained for and that Deucalion may be their only hope of survival.Dean Koontz -LRB- and Kevin Anderson , who gets a byline -RRB- do a great job of taking a plot that Koontz originally intended to be a TV special and making into the first novel of a trilogy which mixed serial killers and mad scientists with aplomb . Koontz has always had a talent for developing his characters , whether they be human or not and one again he manages to bring this story to life in such a fashion as to make it stay with you even when the last page goes by . If the books continue at this level , horror lovers are in for a rare treat .
 As expected , Dean Koontz has once again `` done it '' . It was hard to put this book down , and even harder to make it last . I just hope he never stops writing . Worth every penny and more .
 How do you make a Koontz novel better ? More monsters ! More intertwined story lines ! More heroes!I found this book exciting and extremely hard to put down . I found the usual Koontz witty style of writing , which I love . I also enjoyed this book more because there were more storylines to follow and they all collide which each other very nicely . Very well thought out.The character development is also very well done . Each character complex and likeable or hateable . But , as each character develops , there are zero dull spots in the book , as some novelists spend too much time trying to develop characers with too many words.The evil in this book outdoes most of Koontz 's earler works . Sometimes I worry about Koontz , because these characters are so twisted and warped , I do n't know if Koontz is quite sane or not.I loved it and look forward to Book 2 . It 's a great modern take off of the original Frankenstein story . Well worth the time of any thriller/horror readers !
 One reviewer feels Koontz occasionally becomes too impressed with his own literary abilities . But that is exactly the reason I 've read every single one of his books and can not wait until the second book in this series is released . Unlike Stephen King , whose maudlin character portrayals and expletive-laden language often leaves me yearning for true literature instead of modern writing , Koontz has a way of seducing me with his words . This book is no exception . What a gift to watch Koontz don Mary Shelly 's mantle and make her masterpiece not only come alive once more , but take it to yet a higher level . Koontz 's character studies , particularly his portrayal of the monster-becoming-human Deucalion , not only succeeded in making it impossible to put this book down , but also left me in the throes of anticipation until July 26th , the release date of City of Night . Bravo yet once again , Mr. Koontz . Bravo , and Encore . I would gladly share a bag of Cheez-Its with you and Deucalion any day .
 I have loved Dean Koontz for years but his books of late have gotten away from the reason I fell in love with his stories ... All I can say is HE 'S BACK ! I ca n't wait for the 2nd book !! I could not put this down , it made me breathless the whole way through !
 Do n't be turned off by the title . I put off reading this book for several months because I thought it was about a tall green guy w / metal diodes sticking out of his neck.No , this book is about two people who are police partners & they get mixed up in the middle of clones people in the city of New Orleans.A SUPER page turner chock-fulla humor & great action.One of the best I 've read so far!You WO N'T regret buying this book & as soon as you 're done , you 'll want to jump right into book 2 , so go ahead & buy that while you 're at the store buying book 1 = -RRB-
 Dean Koontz ' three-part take on the Frankestein story is some of the best work he has ever written , very fast paced and addictive this book is impossible to put down . I read the last 250 pages of it in one sitting it was that good.Highly reccomended .
 Although not as engrossing as his Phantoms , this novel packs a whallop of intrigue and humor through several story arcs . I am disappointed that this was not made into a TV series/special becasuse it is excellent . Great characters ! The lead police characters had a great rapport and believeable dialog . And if you like surprises , the author has a few scattered in the book . As usual , Dean Koontz makes reading thrillers a pleasure .
 Have you ever read a book you had to force yourself to put down ? This is one of those books . This is my 3rd Koontz novel and I must say the best I 've read so far . I enjoyed Odd Thomas , hated Forever Odd , and absolutely loved Frankenstein.The story starts with Victor 's first , Deucalion living amount monks and then shifts to America . The book shifts from chapter to chapter each character 's part in the story . I had no trouble liking the characters you are supposed to like -LRB- Michael , Carson , Deucalion , Erika , etc -RRB- and no trouble disliking Victor . I think in this terrifying retelling of an old tale , you really wonder , did Dr. Frankenstein live ? Is his creature alive and real?Victor has ambitions to replace the Old Race with his New Race of manmade people . However , things are n't going as planned . His wife shows feelings , his severed head is stronger than he thought , Randall Six is on a mission , and his `` children '' are killing to find what they are missing.If you are looking for a great book with a twist on a classic , this is for you .
 Set in exotic New Orleans , Dr. Victor Helios -LRB- aka Dr. Frankenstein -RRB- is still alive , and still practicing his wicked ways behind the faade of running a legitimate business called Helios Biovision . At the abandoned Hands Of Mercy Hospital , instead of simply reanimating corpses , Victor is using new technology not only to extend his own life but to create life from scratch . His new technology includes direct-to-brain downloads so his creations emerge fully ready to take on their roles in life . Creations like Erika Four , his lovely custom made wife , the fourth he 's gone through so far ; and Randal Six , who 's been created with autism so that Victor can experiment with using autism to develop more focused workers.The monster , born of the grave , also immortal and now calling himself Deucalion , is living in Tibet with a group of monks . When he receives a letter informing him that Victor is still alive , Deucalion decides he must travel into the real world again to find a way to destroy Victor . He travels to New Orleans and moves into the Luxe Theater with his old carnival friend Jelly Biggs.Detectives Carson O'Conner and Michael Maddison are assigned to the case of a new serial killer who 's killing young ladies and removing specific body parts from them -LRB- hands , eyes , ears , etc -RRB- . The bodies of three men missing internal organs complicate the case . The killer has been nicknamed The Surgeon , and partners O'Conner and Maddison must find him before he strikes again . Aside from her tight work schedule , Carson is also caring for her autistic younger brother Arnie.Strange bodies turn up at the morgue , Carson runs into a mysterious man claiming there are more like him `` out there '' , and Victor continues his evil experiments . Reviving Frankenstein sounds like it would be a weak or clich&eacute;d idea , but Koontz and Anderson pull it off . Despite pilfered ideas from the old Black & White movies The Frozen Dead and The Brain That Would n't Die , not to mention a character similar to one already created in Koontz 's ` Hideaway ' , there 's enough new and unique material in the story to make it dynamic and highly entertaining . Watch out , the book ends in a real cliffhanger , so you 'll want to have book two , ` City Of Night ' , already beside your elbow . Although I became disappointed in Koontz after ` Mr. Murder ' , it seems he 's regained his old formula with this Frankenstein series and written a seat-of-your-pants novel . I recommend this book to horror and thriller fans . Enjoy !
 I 'd only read the first three Odd Thomas books of Koontz 's , but thought I 'd try Frankenstein , because the review on Amazon said it was not a rehash of the old tale . And , it was n't . It 's a refreshing twist on the resurfacing of the madman -LRB- he was never destroyed , and actually resents that Shelley woman 's story -RRB- , but with a clean dash of Aldous Huxley 's Brave New World , a pinch of James Lee Burke 's detective angle , all with a flavor of hi-test horror . I 'm starting on Vol 2 tonight !
 This book is amazing on so many levels . It takes the traditional Frankenstein story and weaves a modern tale of secrets , deception , and corruption hidden under a thin veneer of high society . It is creepy how probable some of the things in this book are . It is a sad tale , but it pulls you in and wo n't let go . I would recommend this book for anyone with a healthily inquisitive mind and a bit of empathy .
 I liked this book , but I can understand why some would n't . Koontz is so obsessed with Quantum physics and the possiblities of parallel universes , that all of his books seem to fall back on that theme . After reading this some years ago , I read more of his work and it shows up to some extent in every one I 've read . If you can just roll with that and enjoy it for what it is , a story , then it 's a pretty good tale . I did n't get the feeling it was a re-telling of the old Frankenstein , but just taking the bare essentials from it and spinning a whole new yarn for modern readers obsessed with aliens , vampires and werewolves . The `` New Race '' is everything rolled up into one.I wo n't go to each book in this series and leave an individual review , instead I will comment on all here . I enjoyed the second book as much as the first , but the third book , for me , was a disappointment . By then end of that one , I felt as if he was dragging it out for the fans who did n't want it to end . I picked up the fourth one in the grocery store when I came across it accidently . I had no idea he was continuing the series , but since I 'd read the rest I picked it up . I just finished it and was n't expecting to find that I would have to buy yet another to complete the story . Book 4 is Part 1 and Book 5 is Part 2 . Although I assume it will all work out , of course , I find this annoying . I thought the book seemed rather small , so I do n't think it was necessary to split it up to get another few bucks out of people . The fourth book was OK , I guess , and I will get the other eventually to find out what happens , but please , Mr. Koontz , enough already . This series needs to be put to bed . If you really need something to do , go back to working on the Odd Thomas series .
 Very much Dean Koontz , but I do wish he had provided a little more background on Victor 's first creation and what happened post Shelly .
 This novel was a little confusing and even baffling at times . Oh , I worked it out and read the second one and then waited and waited and waited for the third one ... but I have n't read that one yet , and I 've learned there are others after that . I 'll have to get busy ! Koontz is a masterful story teller and I am so happy he is a prolific as he is . I do enjoy his books and will continue to do so as long as I can read !
 I see a lot of bantering about who actually wrote this novel . Was it Koontz or Anderson ? Truthfully ? I really do n't care . Unlike other co-authored books , I mostly find awful , I liked this one.The author does a good job bringing Victor Helios -LRB- Dr. Frankenstein -RRB- into the 21st century using modern technology to create his `` New Race . `` Helios -LRB- The Father -RRB- is pretty well nuts . I wish there was a bit more depth to his character.There 's a couple of cops working the opposite end of this story . They do provide some tongue in cheek comic relief to Victor 's gore . Naturally , they 're a bit blown away & mystified by some of what they discover . The book has it 's share of gore for a Koontz novel . Mr. Koontz also weaves his way through the book very well . After all , it is one of his best traits.I know this is the first in a series of Frankenstein novels , but the ending suffers greatly . There is no sense of conclusion to anything . There 's no hanging thread to lead the reader into the next installment . The book ends very abruptly . One almost feels the last page has been torn out . Ready for some sort of ending , one instead , finds a lead-in to one of Koontz next books . I found it a major shortcoming for the novel.One more thing
 This first book in a series of collaborations between Koontz and a number of other authors was written with Kevin J. Anderson -LRB- well known for his work in the Dune prequels -RRB- . It is a fun start for a very original spin on a classic story . In this book , the Frankenstein legend is re-imagined in a modern way . Koontz is always full of surprises and odd twists , and this is no exception . I enjoyed this book a great deal by appreciating it for the light-hearted entertainment that it is . Now I just have to search my stockpile of books to figure out where I stuck the first sequel . I look forward to reading the rest of the series.Michael Travis Jasper , author of the novel , `` To Be Chosen ''
 This book is the first book in Dean Koontz 's Frankenstein series . It is co-authored by Kevin J. Anderson . For a book about Frankenstein and his monster , this book offers a very different perspective from earlier renditions of the story . In all , it is an interesting read.Deucalion has been living in a Tibetan Monastery for several years as he finds some peace there -LRB- although he misses Cheez-Its -RRB- . When he discovers that his creator still lives , he has to leave in search of him , so that he can find some way to destroy the evil man . His search brings him to Louisiana where a rash of murders involving body parts being stolen has been happening . He also discovers that Victor has been busy . Under the guise of Victor Helios , he has been creating yet more people in an effort to create the perfect race and eventually eliminate mankind from the world . Among these creations are Randall 6 , who is obsessed with puzzles , is autistic , and is very interesting in an autistic boy named Arnie.Investigating these murders is a woman named Carson O'Connor and her partner Michael . Aside from caring for her brother Arnie , Carson is dedicated to her job and finding the murderer behind all these brutal killings . Meeting Deucalion definitely changes some of her perspectives though . There is more in the crime world going on than she imagines , and it will be very tough to stop.The characters in this book are done pretty well . I think maybe that Victor is a little too evil though as he does not seem to have any redeeming qualities , which is a bit unbelievable . Another flaw in characterization was that Michael , one of the cops , was supposed to be pretty sarcastic and funny , but a lot of his jokes just fell flat for me . Deucalion , although not appearing as much as you would expect , is done exceptionally well and is a riveting character.The writing , having been done by two authors , is done well . Each chapter focuses around several different characters , yet despite this , the story reads pretty cohesively . There is a bit of gore , and some nasty descriptions of food , so this book may not be the best for those with weak stomachs or younger children . One fault I do find with the writing is the numerous mentions of pop-culture items -LRB- like the aforementioned Cheez-Its -RRB- which personally , I can not stand in a book.Overall though this is an interesting series and I look forward to the next book . Since this one ended in a cliffhanger , I 'll be sure to get to the next as quickly as I can.Prodigal SonCopyright 2005469 pagesReview by M. Reynard 2011
 There is a murderer on the loose and it is Carson and Michael 's job to find the killer . Harker -LRB- another member of the New Orleans Homicide division -RRB- is attempting to find peace with himself . Deucalion only wishes to finish what he has started . Victor is trying to make his world perfect . Roy is trying to complete his mission of making himself perfect and finding the perfect girl for himself.This book was filled with many side stories , that , while I was reading it I was unsure how everything would fall into place . After you get a third of the way into the story , you realize that you are following two different stories , one of Carson and Michael along with the New Orleans Homicide division and the other of Victor and Deucalion . When the conclusion of the novel comes about everything fits into place.When I first started reading this novel I was blown away by the amount of characters that I was following . The novel started off following four different people all with different story lines . I was unsure of exactly how I liked that but , I believe that it really worked out . I also was n't happy with the amount of jumping around between stories . It seemed that every new chapter -LRB- which consists of about three pages on my kindle -RRB- we were headed to a different person . I was left wondering how anything was really going to advance with the amount of jumping around . It soon became apparent that all of the jumping around led to one story line.I really liked the book and once I picked it up I could n't put it down . I loved the developing story line and never knowing what was going to happen next . I always had a pretty good idea of what was going to happen , I was never able to get it partly right -LRB- i.e. killer is found , starts running , gets caught , dies . When in reality killer is caught , runs away , starts to change , gets in a tight spot , almost makes it out , gets killed and yet gets away at the same time -RRB- . I did n't like all of the jumping around . I never felt like I got to know the characters in the beginning of the book . By the end of the book I had a good knowledge on the characters but I was lacking some form of attachment to a individual character . I also did n't like how none of the characters really developed through the story . Carson was Carson from beginning to end , Michael was Michael from beginning to end etc. . The only one who really changed throughout the book had such a small part in the actual story line that the change was easily overlooked.Overall the story line was amazing and fast paced . I would recommend this book to anyone who likes mysteries and especially anyone who likes mysteries where they are drawn to a mystery and then the end comes and the reader is like ` What just happened , I 'm blown away ' .
 I enjoyed this book very much . Koontz 's Frankenstein character is extremely interesting and the story was fast paced and had edge of your seat thrills . The exploration of the Victor Frankenstein character was the most compelling , offering readers a glimpse into the insanity it took to create the monster in the first place . Readers of both Koontz and the original would love this interpretation .
 Was looking for the Frankenstein series . I found the first three books . they were brand new and arrived in good time .
 From crossword puzzles to sugar pecans , Koontz creates , and triumphs ! I got the book because it was just a regular paperback , planning on reading it much later in the year than now . But when you hear all the hype about this , for once just believe it and find out for yourself ! Approach with caution , it 'll grip you from the first page ! Then the nouns , verbs , adjectives , all that good stuff just falls into place . The excitement Koontz serves up is very electrifying in more than one way ! OK!Join EVERYBODY from Deucalion , the tattooed man , Carson O'Connor , the NO-FEAR detective , her partner , the arrogant , yet somewhat laid back , Michael Maddison . How long has Deucalion been dealing with his situation ? What is his purpose ? Maybe ask yourself how long this dude 's actually been around for ! You 'll find out.At the same time , drink in the anxiety of Randall Six , with his crossword puzzles and daily routine . Yet stagger with fear while you observe Dr. Victor Helios . What kind of a man is the good doctor ? Hey , is he a good doctor ? How long must one endure ? Enjoy the human side of all sides of this creation ! Koontz quotes the great C.S. Lewis to prepare us , yet humbles even the likes of one Mary Shelley . Have I read Shelley 's version ? Nope ? Am I likely to ? Probably not . I think if Koontz were to hear that this is n't like Shelley 's original , he 'd probably be the first to say thank you . It was n't meant to be.As usual with Koontz , expect the unexpected ! Be pleased with as surprises arise , yet let your heart share in small bits of sorrow . But do n't be surprised if you steal a few laughs as you bite off that last fingernail ! We do n't know what will happen next , but I do know this . I ca n't wait for more ! The question is , do you dare take the risk of this first book ?
 Well actually , no . Of course not . Nothing can top the original . But Koontz comes at this classic tale with his own scythe ready to cause a change of faith in the fans of the original . This is not so much a remake as a supplement to the classic tale . Koontz references the story we all now and simply fast-forwards to our time , keeping the original Victor and his monster , and giving them longevity.The prose is ellegant and the speed is neck-breaking . It appears that Mr. Koontz uses ` big ' words and paints detailed scenarios that may intimidate some readers , but I challenge you to read his work out loud - you 'll see how nicely the words roll off your tongue .
 Any newcomers who have not read Dean Koontz this is a great 1st book . At first , I had no intention of reading a book about Frankenstein . The topic is so old and I ca n't begin to count how many tv/movies I 've seen on the guy . I figured there is no way Dean can come up with something new and original . I was mistaken . Deucalion is an unlikely hero to the human race . Koontz revives Frankenstein with a refreshing new take and brings him into our century .
 This is only the second book from Koontz that I 've read , and since this one introduces his Frankenstein series , it certainly wo n't be the last . I finished it in record time for me - just 7 days . It 's a fast page turner thanks to its short chapters , lots of dialogue , and lack of detail . Sure , it may not hold much literary merit or be an engrossing read that really makes you think , but it still holds a certain amount of entertainment value that I liked.Victor Frankenstein , now known as Victor Helios , has survived the last 200 years since Mary Shelley first wrote about him . He 's rich and living in New Orleans , and he has perfected his ability to create life . He is creating a New Race to live upon us and eventually wipe out the `` Old Race . '' His new creations have two hearts , no scars , and lack the ability to feel certain emotions such as the urge to kill or harm themselves . They also lack the need for love . Sexual gratification , achieved by having sex with any member of the New Race because they lack the needs for attraction , only brings them self satisfaction and they are all sterile.To Victor , they are the perfect humans and he will conquer the world with them . He 's even on his fourth wife , Erika , who is the perfect servant . But Erika loves to read and begins to question Victor 's motives . She wonders why he collects fine art - all created by humans - if he hates the Old Race so much . And Victor 's first creation - the monster - is also still alive . While Victor has become the monster , his first monster has become more human . He now goes by the name of Deucalion and he comes to New Orleans to find Victor and discover what he has been doing.However , a serial killer is upon them - killing both Old and New Race members and collecting body parts . Young detectives Carson O'Connor and Michael Maddison are on the case . They are quick-witted and smart , and they are also attracted to each other . Carson 's brother , Arnie , suffers from autism and spends his time building an elaborate castle from Legos.Victor has also created a New Race Member known as Randal Six , who also has qualities of an autistic child . Randal is determined to escape from Victor 's lab , Hands of Mercy , to find Arnie and discover what brings him happiness . Meanwhile , O'Connor and Maddison team up with Deucalion to track down the killer and to get one step closer to Victor.These are pretty much the story lines that make up the first book in the series . The detectives chasing down the killer is actually probably the weakest of the lot . Their sarcastic humor and loving looks at each other are pretty dry , and their steps through the case are somewhat predictable . When the identity of the killer is revealed , it 's not much of a surprise , but at least the reader gets to find out who it is before the detectives do.While you 'd think that Deucalion would have a primary part in the first book , he does n't . He spends over half of the book in an old movie theater - doing no investigation of his own to find Victor . It 's not until he teams up with the detectives in the last 200 pages that we really see him step out and begin to move around . The best parts are Ericka , Victor 's wife , being tormented by what she believes to be a rat . The more time she spends at home with herself and her books - she loves Emily Dickinson and becomes a metaphor for one of her poems - the more she begins to question humanity and what Victor really is . Randal Six 's attempt to escape the lab , via spelling out crosswords on the tiles in the floor , is also a nicely paced tale . We want to see him escape . We connect with him as a character because of his condition.There 's also lots of intense scenes and good writing involving the subjects of creation and God and mortality - science vs. religion . Koontz definitely has several underlying messages here to make you think , which really make this an intriguing read overall as Victor 's New Race members struggle . They are n't supposed to question their existence or feel the need for religion . He has purposely denied them such feelings , but sometimes even immortal humans begin to question and when they do , their fragile balance is thrown off . It is these inner conflicts that really give this book life , overshadowed with a killer on the loose.Like I said , its the minor characters that I really connected with here and who stole the show . Was it enough to keep me reading ? Absolutely . I plan to move forward with Book Two right away .
 This forum is for your opinion of the book , not for each of you to explain the plot over and over again . That 's already done above .
 This is the first of a three part trilogy imagining that Mary Shelly based her classic Frankenstein novel upon facts , but got the facts wrong . Dr. Frankenstein and the monster he created are still alive after two hundred years . The doctor is still performing evil acts while his monster is trying to do good.Koontz is an excellent writer . His books , like this one , frequently mix the supernatural with the natural , and the later might be , as it is here , a criminal case . Dr. Victor Frankenstein is calling himself Victor Helios , an irony , as if he is bringing the sun to earth . Although well over two hundred years old , he looks fit and in his thirties . He is extremely rich and has been accepted in the level of society . He has been making more than a thousand new race people , with two heart , who have no emotions , who if hurt heal within seconds , and has integrated them into all parts of society , including the police and clergy . His goal is to replace the old human race with his new race , beings that will do his bidding . Yet , despite two hundred years of practice and constant improvements , the new race beings have problems , especially their inability to feel happy.Helios created for himself a female , more beautiful than a human female , who does whatever he wills . But she slurps her soup , reads poetry , and aggravates her creator . She is Erica IV . The prior Ericas also failed to satisfy Helios completely.Helios does not know that the first monster he created is still alive . He calls himself Deucalion , after the son of Prometheus in the ancient Greek myth . Prometheus was the being who , according to some versions of the myth , created people and gave them fire . While Zeus was bad , Prometheus was good . Deucalion is living in a monastery . When he hears that Dr. Frankenstein/Helios is still alive , he leaves the monastery and comes to New Orleans seeking a way to stop Frankenstein . But he has a problem . Frankenstein engineered him and his other creations to obey him and never harm him . He needs help to defeat the doctor.There are two serial killers loose in New Orleans . One is killing females after sedating them , and taking their outer body part , such as hands and eyes . The other is killing men and taking their inner body parts , such as hearts . The second only sedated one victim.Two detectives are involved . Carson O'Connor and Michael Maddison . They are sexually attracted to each other , but O'Connor does n't want to mix sex and work . She is a driven woman . He makes wisecracks repeatedly and adds humor to the novel . She has a brother who is autistic.Randall VI is the sixth autistic creation by Helios . Helios wants to see if he can use autistic people like robots who would perform tasks repeatedly without ever getting tired . Randal VI sees a picture of O'Connor 's brother smiling and wants to meet him and see if he can learn to live a happy life from him.Can Deucalion beat Helios ? Are the serial murders done by Helios 's new race ? Can the two detectives solve the serial murders ? Is O'Connor 's brother in trouble ?
 I love Koontz ' work . There it is , sorry if you do n't , but put some nail-bitingly great writing together with a guy who loves dogs , and I am hooked.This series is among his best works and I am eagerly awaiting the release of the third book in December 08 - I recently re-read the first two -LRB- on my new kindle ;-RRB- and it just made me want the third installment even more.Great story telling , funny moments and totally believe-able repartee between the characters . Put that all together with an obvious working knowledge of the setting and you have all the makings of a superb series.Bravo once again !
 This is one of the best books I have ever read . Read this book and meet Randall 6 .
 I bought this book because it was one of the few I had n't read of Koontz yet . I did n't know what to expect because the Frankenstein idea has become almost a cliche . I was pleasantly surprised . I could n't put the book down . I immediatelly went out and bought book 2 . Now I 'm waiting for the third to be written . I strongly recommend this book for any Koontz fan .
 Thank you Dean for this marvelous book . It 's so fun and entertaining to read . Very suspensefull too . I look forward to reading book 2 .
 I rented the made for TV pilot of Frankenstien and was really upset when the story left me hanging.I loved the book and and I am in the process of reading the second one .
 The book was a good read and has a new twist on the story of Franenstein and his Monster .
 This book was jam packed with intriguing characters , had a solid storyline , and a very unique plot.The only downside would be the banter between the two main characters , which was rather annoying at times . Other than that , this was a terrific read.The whole Roy Pribeaux sub plot is also interesting , but considering the development and the unwinding of the plot , seems rather pointless with respects to the overall story.It also would have been nicer had the story focused on Jelly Biggs and Deucalion , who are two fascinating characters that were n't involved enough IMO.I highly recommend this book , as it is one of the best from a great author .
 I 've always liked Dean Koontz . This one however is different from his others . It is still a fast read ; I found hard to put down . I have already ordered the second and have started on it . This is one saga I wo n't want to end .
 I love the theme that though madness prevails thru the ages , so does goodness . I also love the twist of just because something appears to be evil , it is not necessarily so .
 Koontz is one of my favorite writers , latley though I had n't been all to impressed by his novels . Then I read this book and was blown away . It 's suspensful and keeps you wondering what will happen next . The characters all have their own parts in the story and they all come together to create a page turner.I ca n't wait to read the second book .
 you look at books and think oh this will be the same stuff as the last books . Dean koontz never ceases to amaze me . this is terrific ! i finished so fast i had to go by the second book .
 Amazon and my reviewing colleagues have summarized this plot very well permitting me to exercise some laziness and post a few bullet points in this review . - Victor Frankenstein lives , and with his ego and penchant for playing God intact is given 21st century technology for his experiments . - Deucalion is Frankenstein 's monster from the nineteenth century , also surviving over 200 years and naming himself after mythological Prometheus 's son . - Deucalion tracks Victor to New Orleans -LRB- a very suitable locale for a neo-gothic remake . -RRB- in order to finally rebel against his programming and destroy his creator.-There could easily be half a dozen sub-plots spiraling around inside the larger retelling of the Frankenstein mythos here.Kevin J. Anderson is going to fairly or unfairly gain some kudos and credit for this story 's crispness . I commented to any that would listen that although I am a fairly large Koontz fan I found the latter offerings I have read by him to be overly verbiose . I thought while reading BY THE LIGHT OF THE MOON for example `` Ok Mr. Koontz we realize you enjoy and have fine grasp of English language I see no need for every second paragraph to me metaphorical , or other wordplay '' . However in this novel the writing is sharp and succinct , doing an admirable job of being clever yet seamlessly interweaving and sewing a huge tapestry of plots and sub-plots into one very compelling suspenseful tale . So yes Koontz gets his lion share of credit for this excellent horror/suspense novel as well perhaps being reminded to return to his roots -LRB- before his language got a little flowery -RRB- and telling the story he had to tell and readers virtually have to read.Also as in all good multi-part suspense novels this was ended perfectly with a cliff-hanger making me at least eager for the conclussion .
 Frankenstein part one delivers all the thrills and chills that you expect from Dean Koontz and it is also a great winter read ! I ca n't wait for book two to come out !!!
 Like many reviewers , I was a little leary of this book , but what a surprise . This is probably Koontz 's best book in years . Having Kevin J. Anderson 's assistance may have something to do with it , but no matter , FRANKENSTEIN
 Book one of Dean Koontz 's FRANKENSTEIN is a solid , entertaining read . I do n't know if it should be taken as a conpliment or criticism of Koontz or Gorman , but I really could n't tell which parts had been written by Koontz and which by Gorman -LRB- or whether Gorman wrote the whole thing , in the style of Koontz -RRB- . Anyway , it 's not Koontz 's most original or forceful storytelling , but it passes the page-turning test . It kept me hooked until the end , and had me wanting to read the continuation in the second book.Koontz 's FRANKENSTEIN lays bare , to a heightened extent , many of the faults and virtues of Koontz 's writing in general . The novel is extremely readable , but it suffers from a patness of character and plotting . It 's a good book , but not a great one.Still , a good book 's a good book .
 This item was for my husband 's b-day and we received before we were thinking we would .
 This is my first Dean Koontz novel and it will surely not be my last.Frankenstein , Book one
 Good read from start to finish . Hard to put down.Can ' t wait to start the next book in the series .
 I am an avid reader and devour books at an alarming rate . This book sucked me in from the moment I started to read it .
 I have n't been this taken with a book since the Harry Potter series . From the Prelude I was enthralled . Wonderful , strong characters and a storyline that makes putting the book down wrenching .
 This is a gift for Christmas . I 'm sure they will enjoy it . Had a hard time finding these books . Thanks
 I have to say , I 'm a bit surprised it took me so long to get to this series , being the fan I am ... now im excited to have another great series ahead of me . A very convincing , modern take on the madness of Victor Frankenstein . Worth every minute .
 talk about a twist on an old story ! this book keeps you on the edge and cant wait to turn the page . i am looking forward to reading the next one .
 The Frankenstein story and franchise are in need of a reboot and this work by Dean Koontz could do the trick . Zombies , Werewolves , Witches and Vampires currently in books and movies have left this franchise in the dust and has been in much need for revamping . I believe Koontz could be on to something here and something fresh for personally my favorite classic horror character and story of all time . Sexy , mystical , philosophical , humorous and modern , it dramatically expands on my favorite character and story in spectacular fashion . The science in the fiction in this series is insightful and informative . Victor Frankenstein 's narratives are incredible as you see the `` good doctor '' in an evil new Unitarian light . The political undertones are humorous and subtle-no matter what side of the aisle the reader leans to .
 I have read all the books in this series , and like so many other series -LRB- whether book or movie -RRB- the first -LRB- this one -RRB- is definitely the best . This story is very riveting and wo n't disappoint you . You will want to read the rest of the series , and will be glad you did ; but in the end you 'll realize that each book after this one gets more unbelievable to the point that the last one is pure fantasy or science fiction .
 I had put off starting this trilogy several times . I love to read books by Koontz . But for some reason , this subject just did n't intrigue me . But , I finally downloaded the Kindle version and I have been pleasantly surprised by his take on the classic Frankenstein story line . The pacing of the book is classic fast paced page turning Koontz . I am looking forward to the next two volumes .
 I 'm a commercial pilot and flight instructor . I read many aviation related books and magazines . I do n't often read books that contain a lot of poetry , which AIR FARE does . -LRB- It also has short stories and excerpts from longer works . -RRB- So to say I was pleasantly surprised by this little wonder of a book is an understatement.My advice ? If you 've never flown but wonder what it 's like , you should read this book . If you have flown as a passenger , you 'll recognize your own emotions , both good and bad , in every page . If you are a pilot , you 'll see yourself reflected in myriad indelible images ; you 'll be drawn back by memory to a hundred different experiences ; and you 'll want to read-and reread-each and every privileged glimpse into the human heart of flight , and be left wanting more . It 's a must-have for any aviator 's library . Get it !
 The maps are great as expected from Michelin , but note that this book covers the Gulf Coast only . No complete state is mapped . The Atlantic coast of Florida is not mapped . It covers from Brownsville , TX to Miami , FL but only for about a hundred miles inshore .
 `` The Gifted Adult '' is an excellent book , and provides one of a few lone voices drawing attention to `` A Group Society Would Rather Pretend Does n't Exist : '' The Gifted Adult.Adult Giftedness is one of the `` Ugly Stepchildren '' in the field of Psychology . Whereas researchers , psychologists and society in general go to great lengths to study , understand and help those who dwell a long way below the mean intellect , those living their lives an equal distance the opposite side of the mean often find themselves living in a void of confusion , misunderstanding -- and misinformation . Their lives are perhaps complicated by a `` split personality '' support system that provides tools and special programs to gifted children , but then vanishes into thin air once the gifted individual is deemed `` Adult '' -- in some cases providing an abrupt perception change from giftedness as having positive `` value '' to suddenly being a reason for discrimination and sneers.Gifted Adults are `` statistical outliers . '' As such , they often have special issues , living in a world whose actions are centered around accommodating the `` norm . '' At best , a Gifted Adult seeking to have his/her needs understood , may hear the words `` Well , we 're ALL gifted , in our own special way . '' At worst -LRB- and more frequently -RRB- they will hear `` How can you have problems , if you 're so smart ? '' -- words that reflect a popular view that giftedness is a `` privilege '' that exempts a person from having any difficulties in life . Yet , Gifted Adults discover that working harder , seeking answers , seeing therapists and trying to contribute often leaves them with a sense of `` emptiness '' and lack of fulfillment.Mary-Elaine Jacobsen 's book is a much-needed tool to help gifted adults understand themselves , and accept the fact that their brains work a little bit differently . Real differences , I might add , that change the way a gifted person views their interactions with the world , their road to self-actualization , or considerations for seeking therapy.In Part I of the book , Jacobsen starts to define her own view of giftedness , and addresses some of the Societal Myths -LRB- Giftedness = High IQ -RRB- , and influences -LRB- Gifted adults ' tendency to deny their giftedness -RRB- established by conventional thinking.In Part II , she presents her alternative theory for measuring giftedness -- a broad system she has named `` Evolutionary Intelligence '' -LRB- or EvIQ -RRB- . Although Jacobsen `` borrows '' heavily from the `` Multiple Intelligences '' theory originally set forth by Howard Gardner at Harvard , she adds a number of new facets , presented in a 240-item `` self quiz '' in Chapter 7 of the book . Unlike `` standard '' IQ tests , this is NOT a timed exercise with `` right '' and `` wrong '' answers , but rather a self-evaluation . Of course , honest self-scrutiny is central to obtaining a `` valid '' result -- which may present difficulty for some.Part III explores most of the common `` misunderstandings '' gifted adults encounter in their interactions with daily life . Topics include `` self mis-diagnoses ; '' the issues associated with `` Failing to Fit In ; '' rewriting personal history and past events through understanding `` common criticisms '' often heard by gifted adults -LRB- `` Ca n't you just stick with ONE thing ? '' `` Where do you get those wild ideas ? '' `` Ca n't you just slow down ? '' -RRB- ; the `` False Self '' and dumbing yourself down ; as well as the `` Impostor Syndrome '' gifted adults often experience.Parts IV and V offer a series of tools and possible solutions to help gifted adults reorient their energies in an effort to create lives that let them be `` true to themselves '' -- while still fitting into the `` normalcy '' of their surroundings . In part IV , Jacobsen explores both career issues and personal relationships , however , I found this section to be a bit general and `` pep-talkish . '' The final section deals with summarizing and then applying the lessons learned in the book.Observations
 In general , I found this book very enlightening . I differ in one respect from most of the `` everyday geniuses '' the author describes
 For someone who 's gifted , Jacobsen 's book can bring a sigh of relief and recognition . `` I 'm not an ugly duckling after all ! I was meant to be a swan . `` While some reviewers criticize this book as `` elitist , '' I find the opposite . Jacobsen does n't suggest that anyone be exempt from social norms or rules . To the contrary , she shows that the gifted may face a tougher challenge than the less-gifted
 Throughout most of my 50 years of life , I have felt out of place . Like an alien being dropped upon this earth , I use a different vocabulary , have unusual bursts of energy , have a mind that travels at light speed , am highly reactive to external stimulus , and even sleep in a different pattern than most people . The labels given me are endless
 Mary-Elaine Jacobsen brings the largely invisible plights and possibilities of the gifted adult to our attention . As an intense , complex and driven gifted adult , myself , I truly appreciate her contribution to my life and the lives of others I know who 've read the book . As a therapist to gifted adults for many years , Jacobsen knows what she 's talking about and gives us many moving stories to find ourselves , our friends or our parents in . I cried many tears reading this book , remembering experiences in my own life and seeing them in a more self-compassionate light.I 've known I was smart , intense and driven but Jacobsen helped me to see why and what to do about it to have a happier , more fulfilled life . I 'm probably writing this review right now because of the influence of this book . I 've always craved to get my ideas out in the world and here on the Net and in my blog -LRB- tokerud 's technology treats -RRB- I 've sought out ways to do that . Jacobsen gives the gifted adult the good news and the bad news . The good news is great . I can forgive myself . The bad news is , that the only way things are going to change is for me to change some bad habits and be constructive and persistent in the world and express my gifts . If you know you are intense and driven and probably pretty smart , pick this book up . It could change YOUR life too.This book is a well-written but occasionally dense read . However , it will be a page-turner for a gifted adult . And , for that matter , gifted adults tend to like dense books . One of the unfortunate facts that Jacobsen points out is that gifted adults have usually learned to keep a low profile about their giftedness . They 've learned to cover it up and at a certain point in their lives , many gifted adults forget they are gifted . It is a convenient but , ultimately , very harmful defense mechanism . That 's why I said earlier that if you merely suspect you might possibly be a gifted adult , read this book ! It will shake you out of your unconsciousness and get you back on the track of getting your gifts out into the world where they belong !
 I had to laugh at the editorial review , which accuses Dr. Jacobsen of being `` elitist , '' one of the many criticisms that gifted people receive . Maybe that reviewer should have read the book more carefully . This is a terrific book that will help people realize their potential . That 's a good thing for the world and should not be discouraged or belittled.If you have struggled with fitting in only to feel like you can not be your authentic self , this book will help you discover why . I also recommend `` Dark Side of the Light Chasers '' and other books by Debbie Ford to help you discover the damage done by all those messages to play small , and begin to heal , giving yourself permission to be BIG .
 Imagine you owned a Ferrari Testarossa . Imagine that your Ferrari is the only car you will ever have . Now imagine that your Ferrari not only sets land speed records and wins road rallies , but has to be a daily commuter car , carry loads like a pick-up , handle deep snow like a SUV , and be the car that your kids learn to drive on . Now add to the mix that you * expect * your Ferrari to have the insurance rates , gas mileage , and maintenance requirements of the Honda Accords that everyone else has . Now imagine that you truly think your Ferrari is a Honda , and you 're deeply , fundamentally distressed that it gives you so much pleasure but so many problems.Welcome to reality as experienced by the Gifted.The insights provided by the book were nothing less than a series of epiphanies for me . The author not only provides information around the fact that Giftedness has little correlation with high IQ , she also details the discrete set of personality characteristics typical of the Gifted , with a clear listing of the pitfalls and benefits derived from those characteristics . She explains how those `` quirks '' demand that Gifted people care for themselves in very different ways . She then goes on to dispel any myth that a Gifted person may have that they are `` better '' than non-Gifted people , while simultaneously providing encouragement to and insight into getting beyond the difficulties attendant with being a Ferrari in a Honda world.If you are Gifted , work with , live with or love one , * please * read this book . It will make all your lives a lot easier . -LRB- And we 're not quite as rare as you 'd think ! -RRB-
 In an article in Advanced Development journal , Mary-Elaine Jacobsen noted the typical stereotypes of gifted people include the `` temperamental artist , or the pathetic isolate whose brainy abilities are lost in foolishness , alcoholism or chronic depression , '' and the glittering superstar in the arts or sciences with talents elevating them -LSB- more or less effortlessly -RSB- to `` an unreachable pedestal of human achievement . `` One of the great values of her book is in showing how more ordinary people with exceptional abilities and sensitivities face challenges in , first of all , recognizing themselves , then realizing their multiple talents.All too often , gifted adults -LSB- and children -RSB- get labeled as being problematical or pathological . Her book helps to better understand a range of gifted personality traits that can be embraced and used for living a more authentic and fulfilling life .
 I agree with the other reviews in that this book is an eye opener if you are not already aware of the ` new ' research into giftedness . I would like to make two comments though.First , as one reviewer puts it , the book is lavish on the description of the gifted ' characteristics and the difficulties that they encounter in their lives , but is lacking in now-what-do-I do . This is not exactly true . There are many pieces of advice that the author gives on how you can manage those traits that make it so difficult to fit in . However , it takes time for what you 've read to sink in . For example , suppose that your social life has not been that great lately and you start feeling depressed . Looking back in time at similar situations , you 'd probably decide that you need to make more friends or even find a partner . However , that may not really be the case . It could be that , as the author has so written , you have not been entertaining that necessity of the gifted to have a continual indulging in some kind of interest or passion . As the author puts it , the gifted have ` multiple interests ' and must always be involved in some kind of pursuit or another . Whenever you feel the blues , turn to the book , look hard and you 'd probably find what you 're looking for . Most likely , the advice contained in the book can be condensed to fit on just one page ; but every single advice is priceless if you take a pause and give it the consideration and time of thought that it needs in order to be effective and long-lasting . The problem is that the book can never substitute for therapy and trying to use it as a manual or workbook is just extremely hard work as is the case with any book anyway . You 'd have to be a professional yourself.My second comment is that I find interesting analogies between the Lion sign of western astrology , the Dragon sign of Chinese astrology and the gifted ' description . I 'd say that these characteristics have been observed throughout the ages and there 's nothing really new under the sun except that these traits are now being studied using the ` modern ' tools of human psychology.Last , I 'd like to say that since it feels very awkward to call yourself gifted , how about ` smd ' , sensitivity more developed , since the term ` hsp ' has already been coined . I 'd say that the gifted are most different from others in their sensitivity . Like the French say , these people have ` une sensibilit&eacute; &agrave; fleur de peau ' . To be a ` smd ' is a way of life and , alas , a constant struggle .
 I found this book very helpful in learning to understand my creativity / idealism and drivenness , that these things are normal for about 8 % of the population and I am not alone or wierd , just gifted . Very reassuring and confidence boosting.I now spot giftedness in others , see how they , too are underachieving in order to fit in , and recommend this book to them . Worth every cent !
 Read this book as soon as possible . It is so jam filled -LRB- malaprop intended -RRB- with wisdom and knowledge and so well written with passion and power . Give a copy to each of your teenage children , nieces and nephews ! They need this stuff at as young an age as possible.And once you 've read it , you must readYour Own Worst Enemy
 This is definitely best of -LRB- not many -RRB- books for gifted adults -LRB- of books not focused only on gifted children -RRB- . Absolutely informative , describing everything from stories to theory and personality traits behind giftedness . There is no other book at the same level of information and help for gifted adults . I agree with other reviews - if you expect this book will give you ultimate answers and ready-made solutions to adapt to your life , you will be disappointed . It is better to expect this book to be interesting inquiry into the soul of gifted people , with several ideas what to do and what to change in your lifestyle , however you will stay alone with final decisions and this book can be inspiration for creating more ideas for changing your lifestyle . Chapters of practical help -LRB- managing gifted adult life -RRB- are not the strongest point of the book . Generally they advise you - do not be either too extreme , or too inhibited in showing up your traits . Learn to balance your self - expression . No more ideas ... However you -LRB- as probably gifted adult -RRB- do not expect one book with all solutions to your life , do you ? This book is definitely a must for everybody who is lost , is trying to orient , or trying to get more information about giftedness in adult people . Week points - 1 -RRB- It is sometimes too repetitive and wordy , 2 -RRB- Concepts like `` Evolutionary Intelligence '' or `` Everyday genius '' are useless , confusing and presented probably with understandable intention of the author to suggest new theory , however these concepts are not elaborated well and sound too `` new age '' . Up-to-date psychological terminology would be sufficient . Still , five stars are absolutely fair for this book .
 I loved this book . It 's not just kids who can have the odd , creative , surprising characteristics of ` gifted ' ... What do we think Gifted Kids grow up into ? Normal adults ? Not by a longshot!Do you ever feel like an outsider , wondering ` Why do n't I see the world the way my peers do ? ' This book may help you figure out something about yourself . Even if you were n't diagnosed as gifted -LRB- Yeah . . it could also be called ` Cursed ' -RRB- , your current disconnect with other people may be the product of a quirky `` gifted '' mind . If you 're married to one of these personalities , this book can help you understand very frustrating traits in a new way.My biggest issue with this book , though , is the term ` Gifted ' . The author even addresses this - it carries a connotation of a value judgement , and honestly , when the book outlines the social difficulties and rejections of gifted adults by other personality types , `` Cursed '' is just as valid a label . There 's nothing better about being Gifted ... they 're just different . A lovely difference , when harnessed correctly and when a gifted finds their `` flock '' , but I hesitate to stray from an egalitarian viewpoint on varying human personality types.My second biggest issue is that although the need to connect with other Gifteds is identified , it does n't give much of a blueprint for Gifteds to find their own kind in the world . Mensa was the only group mentioned that I could see , and that group only applies to a very small subset of the personality types the book . Because the term ` gifted ' is greatly disliked by some gifteds , they 're not likely to rally around it to find each other.But , this book clearly identifies a set of traits found in certain people , and gives them a name , along with a possible set of approaches to life for coping with this particular way of being . For that , it shines .
 Been confused for so long about who I am , this book truly liberates the blockages that the author has so welled expressed and put in words , I felt a re-newed strength that I was on the right track , but now with less of a fight . Thanks for the support and the insights .
 In a way this book scares me because if I had read this book before I read `` Driven to Distraction '' by Edward Hallowell , MD and John Ratey , MD -LRB- on Attention/Deficit/Hyperactivity / Disorder or ADHD -RRB- , I would have done a true disservice to my family , especially my very gifted -LRB- and very hyperactive daughter -RRB- by believing she was just gifted . As it was , in reading this book , I found that the descriptions of the author 's `` gifted '' patients could just as well have been used by the authors of `` Distraction '' to describe their patients . Additionally , the author 's descriptions of the traits of `` gifted '' adults are essentially the same as those that could be used to describe the very smart hyperactive impulsive individual with ADHD . Only in this book , those same traits are given a positive spin . For example , when her `` gifted '' adults get into trouble by saying whatever is on their mind -LRB- i.e. , not editing anything before it comes out -RRB- , they are n't being impulsive , they are just being `` truthful '' in a way others do n't want to hear . And when their impulsivity leads them to be impatient with others , it is just that everyone else in the world is too slow . All of that being said , the author 's specific suggestions for dealing with those traits are helpful . We just need to do more to understand the neuro-chemistry of thing called ADHD or the neuro-chemistry of being `` gifted '' -LRB- a subject there appears to be zero research on , no doubt because `` gifted '' is terminology developed in the educational field and not the medical field -RRB- . If the traits the author describes as `` gifted '' are really just the way those highly intelligent people act when there is a dopamine dis-regulation in their brains -LRB- the problem with ADHD -RRB- , we need to look at this . As the other reviewer said , it is all a matter of which part of the elephant one is looking at -- the author is looking at one part and the ADHD researchers are looking at another . Meanwhile , those labeled `` ADHD '' are disserved by notions that their traits are all negative and those that are labeled `` gifted '' are disserved by not understanding the entire picture -- and the possible positive effects of ADHD treatment .
 I finally understand why I 've always felt different and like an outcast and I 've learned to accept the things about me that are &#34; different . &#34; I never knew so many things I thought were &#34; wrong &#34; with me were commonalities to being gifted . Now that I know , I recognize it in my friends and students and I finally have a structured way to improve how I communicate and interact with &#34; normal &#34; people . I highly recommend this book for anyone who 's smart and feels like they do n't fit in .
 The Book is very informitive . And worth the time . I never knew that there is several types of gift people . I believe that their are many undiscovered genius out there . But never knew that others , knew it too . I felt so out place . The things in the book . Was like I talk to the author about it . Myself . I was a child of the late twentith century . For the longest time . I never knew that one of many forgotten of the system they called modern society . The lost of how many minds , how many talents ignored . How many potential discovery unfound . For every gifted person known . There are possible maybe two or three times as many not unkown . It 's like putting a child in special educations . And being told he or she is mental tarded . And then told several years later . The child was normal.And he or she could go back regular school . The damage that was to the child . Could very well scar them . In many ways . We need to fix the problems , not sweep it under rug , so to speak . We need to be on equal footing . Basical we need understanding , not the controlers .
 As a gifted adult myself , this book has helped me understand many aspects of the process of becoming a conscious gifted adult . I 've ordered this book for the second time , to share it with a close friend of mine . Instead of being study literature -LRB- like ` How the gifted brain learns ' , which , for other purposes , is another excellent read - mostly if you are teaching or coaching gifted people -RRB- , the book is mostly full of ` aha-moments ' and reads quite easily . I discovered a kind of trajectory in the book , where I naturally found my ` spot ' ; so there 's three ` parts ' regarding past , now and future hidden in the book.The first part is mostly recognizing and reframing the past . It describes cases , including the auther herself at some point , about the process from being full of perceptions about yourself -LRB- all the typical elements of gifted people are translated into negative views , mostly how non-gifted people perceive the gifted -RRB- until realizing how these elements many of us got to dislike or hate in their lives can be qualities.The second part , including the Evolutionary Intelligence model , contains some tools to get more insight into your personal development needs . This felt for me as the ` now ' . Also , the author describes how she got to do work that connects directly to her soul calling , or life mission , or personal passion as you will . A life-changing insight for me , which I found also in other books , is that with the current world-wide crisis it is no wonder that more gifted and talented people are being born . Finding our way , creating coaching and therapy for gifted people -LRB- and recognizing all the misdiagnosis going on , because of ADHD and other mental disorders in DSM-IV but no good , ` official ' literature on giftedness and its effects -RRB- but also transforming our educational systems and training human resource departments at big companies , is essential to help the planet in her process . For me this is the future , I do n't feel I have the role that connects exactly to this , but the call is getting stronger . So , since they say ` patience is a virtue ' , I train myself in taking my time . Not everything has to be finished yesterday ? Aha ! ; - -RRB-
 This book is quite a treat
 This is the book gifted adults need to know who they are and that there giftedness is not only normal but very much needed by the world.Most gifted adults find it hard to believe they are gifted.This book helps you unlock your true inner self and bring your giftedness to the forefront to live life as you were meant to .
 `` Of course you 're different . You 're intense , complex , and driven because you 're gifted . '' ~ Mary-Elaine Jacobsen , Psy.D . from `` The Gifted Adult '' `` The Gifted Adult . '' This may be a book that you missed despite the fact that it is read by many people all over the world . I still ca n't remember how I discovered it but I 'm thrilled I did . And , I think you 're going to love it.If you 're even reading this review , odds are you 're one of the millions of `` Everyday Geniuses '' out there -LRB- she counts 20 million in the US alone -RRB- looking to most fully and authentically give their gifts to the world ... but , unfortunately , too often feeling a sense of purpose that is not quite being fulfilled.That sound vaguely familiar ? If so , I HIGHLY recommend the book . It was a life changer when I first read it several years ago and it 's been refreshing to re-read it after quite a bit of growth -- reflecting on the seeds planted by the book that have now taken firm root in my life .
 I have just gone through one fifth of the book so far , but I have been very surprised about how well the author describes personality traits of gifted individuals . Taking a quick look at other chapters it seemed to offer very interesting , deep and detailed looks at every relevant aspect of life , the problems it poses to gifted individuals and ways to confront it.Do not expect a scientific study , but rather a work created wholeheartedly out of intuition by somebody directly affected by the issue who intends to teach those blessed/doomed by giftedness why and how they are the way they are , and how to be happy and proud by being themselves and making the best out of their traits.All together an extremely interesting workpiece for those interested in or affected by giftedness .
 This is an execellent book . As an Adult with ADD -LRB- attention Deficit Disorder , AD/HD , ADHD -RRB- and an ADD Coach I think this is must for Adults with ADD . There are so many similarities between ADD and being gifted . Thos book looks at both the positives and negatives of be gifted . It also offers suggestions on how to live a successful happy life .
 The short stories here are all interesting and an excellent account of the different types of hero journies that people can undertake . They are uplifting and inspiring . Tney are all helpful in the study of human strength as well as frailty , and all readers will be able to identify with one or many of the stories .
 Houston 's novel re-opens a little acknowledged but troubling aspect of World War I on the American home front ; the deporation of copper miners from Bisbee , Arizona in July 1917 . It was a battle as titanic as any fought by the armies on the Western Front.Houston knows the streets , hills , and canyons of Bisbee . His original writing style transports the reader back to those volcanic days in the blast furnace heat of southern Arizona where the Wobblies of the International Workers of the World -LRB- IWW -RRB- clashed with the mine owners who in turn were backed by the county sherrif , cowboys , and the Eastern Establishment . Copper was essential to the war effort . The IWW hoped that shutting down the mines would cause a crisis in captialism , halt the war , and spark a revolution ; it was all about class warfare . The mine owners feared the end of civilization or as one protagonist in the book puts it , `` the end of the City of God . '' The reader witnesses the build-up and explosion through the eyes of characters whose personal lives and fortunes are hinged upon the outcome of the battle . For a historical perspective , the novel lays bare the insecurities and predjucies of American society during the WWI era as viewed through the prism of the West.This novel is a keeper . After reading it , a trip to historic Bisbee , Arizona is in order .
 Houston exaggerates for effect -- not all of the historical characters that he uses were actually at Bisbee . But how could anyone resist using the bigger-than-life leaders of the IWW ?
 Original ! Original ! I read the hole book in one day and it never got boring once . This novel of ideas and emotions deeply touched me , and its in your face attitude about a minors strike in Arizona made it the most exciting book in the Homer library ... If you read just one book this is it . Thank God for that `` I can read '' sereis with Mrs. Johannosson
 En este Libro podras ver la genialidad y la manera jocosa con la cual Scott Adams , nos brinda muchas de las situaciones que se presentan de manera cotidiana en las diferentes empresas . Cabe mencionar el Sindrome de Cubiculo -RRB- . Aparte de esto se podra observar la incompetencia de los jefes y la vagancia de los compa & ntilde ; eros de trabajo -LRB- especialmente Wally -RRB- todo esto presentado con una genialidad , sencillez y gran comicidad.Si leyo El Reducido del Reino de los pinguinos de Barbara Hateley este te va a gustar .
 En este libro podra leer de una manera comica muchas de las situaciones vividas de manera cotidiana en su oficina ; las cuales van desde la incompetencia de su jefe hasta la vagancia de algunos de sus compa & ntilde ; eros -LRB- especialmente me refiero a Wally -RRB- . Este libro deberia ser considerado como tema de discucion en algunas universidades ya que de manera jocosa podremos medir la incompetencia y la discordia en los distintos departamentos que forman a un empresa u organizacion.Si leyo El Pavo Real en el Reino de los Pinguinos y El Reducido al Reino de los Pinguinos de Barbara Hateley disfrutara mucho las caricaturas de Scott Adams ; autor de este libro el cual presenta mucha similitud con el Principio de Peter -LRB- Padre -RRB- . Lo recomiendo porque se que lo van a disfrutar .
 Izzy does a great job of making the format of the book simple yet engaging . His explaination of the games with goals , group size , time , process and variations for each of the games is very helpful . It is written so that a sales team leader could pick it up and have some great games to get his/her team thinking creatively , working on teamwork and self confidence . My only complaint as a past performer and current instructor is that it is n't long enough . Write another .
 I met Izzy at a workshop he led several years ago . As a professional facilitator , I 'm any trainer 's worst nightmare
 Peggy Jo Riley worked hard to transform her life from victim to victor . She had traded the role of the child of emotionally abusive parents , for the role of physical and emotionally abused teen wife . Three and half years into the marriage , tragedy made Peggy Jo seek a different role . Now she 's the star of a successful talk show up for national syndication , and a published author of a self-help book that teaches women self-reliance . Unfortunately , someone resents her success and is stalking her . As threatening letters give way to more overt danger , Peggy Jo wisely hires a bodyguard . But with Jack Parker protecting her physical well-being , Peggy Jo best watch her heart.Jack is a lady 's man , loving 'em and leaving 'em satisfied . That is , until he meets Peggy Jo . Her caustic tongue and determination mask a vulnerability that he finds incredibly appealing . But Jack 's seen the damage a woman can inflict , and has no intention of risking his heart . Despite his caution , however , not only does Peggy Joe slip past his defenses , but so does her delightful young daughter . As he reads fairy tales to the child , and teaches her the magic of Christmas and Santa , Jack finds himself longing for things he thought he 'd never want . The trick is going to be keeping Peggy Jo alive long enough to explore the possibilities . With a dangerous psychopath leaving destruction and threats at every turn , Jack 's got his hands full.Beverly Barton 's JACK 'S CHRISTMAS MISSION delightfully blends the season with a tale of intrigue . The magic of Christmas wishes and the lurking danger create a juxtaposition that heightens the senses and keeps the plot moving quickly . Indeed , this carefully plotted tale will hold the reader 's attention to the hair-raising finale . With memorable characters that bear scars of the past , a wonderful child , and a matchmaking housekeeper , JACK 'S CHRISTMAS MISSION is a keeper . Very highly recommended .
 The Man Who Came for Christmas ... The last thing Peggy Jo Riley wanted this holiday was a hard-boiled charmer in her house 24/7 . But if she wanted to stay alive , she needed Jack Parker . And once she was in Jack 's well-muscled arms , she realized just houw much she needed him ... Up until the moment he 'd seen desire flicker in her pretty eyes , bodyguard Jack Parker had thought Peggy Jo Riley was just another assignment . But the vulnerability he 'd glimpsed under his cool beauty 's armor made him ache to do a whole lot more for Peggy Jo . Like kiss her till she gave him her trust . And love her til she gave him her heart ...
 I bought this book for my 8 & 9 year old children . It made them understand what I had been saying for years about the dangers of seeing bad `` things '' . ~ I passed it onto my other family members with small children . They have all loved it as well ! Very well written with great illustrations . ~ We need more books like this ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ !!!!!!!!!!!!
 We loved this book ! Anything that confirms what we are trying to teach is always great to find ! This book teaches about gaurding your heart in a funny and cute way , but it shows the reality of what happens when we give in to temptation and watch things that we should n't ! This book is GREAT !
 As a child did you ever hear your mother call `` Time to come inside and practice ? '' You were having a great time playing outdoors , doing really fun things with your friends , and now you have sit inside on a piano bench and play those durn scales.Or , as a parent have you been frustrated because your offspring wo n't take time to practice when you 're paying good money for flute , violin or tuba lessons?Most of us have been in one of those situations or both . Now Amy Nathan , author of `` The Young Musician 's survival Guide , '' gives us her latest book which proves we 're not alone . `` Meet the Musicians '' is an upbeat , informative , up-close-and-personal look at 15 professional musicians all members of the New York Philharmonic . Many of them did n't like to practice when they were kids any more than we did . As adults and accomplished , disciplined musicians they offer excellent practice tips for both parents and children as well as sharing the paths they took to being part of a world class symphony orchestra.Beginning with Carter Brey , Cello and concluding with John Deak , Bass we find photos of these musicians as children , their favorite childhood activities , their educational backgrounds , the inside scoop on particular instruments , how they came to be members of the New York Philharmonic and brief biographical sketches.Young readers will easily relate to these musicians on many different levels.Violist Cynthia Phelps said , `` When I 'm on stage , I think I 'm the luckiest person in the world , having such a good time doing what I love to do . '' She speaks for the musicians represented here , and perhaps for the musicians of tomorrow.Also included in `` Meet the Musicians '' is a helpful glossary and list of resources for those who wish to further pursue an interest in music . - Gail Cooke
 This is a great book for young musicians for inspiration . It tells a brief story in an easy to read format for each musician for a variety of instruments . Good for those who have the potential to go professional .
 When you see an orchestra perform it look like the people in it play effortlessly . This is not the case . They get to be that great through LOTS of practice ! In Meet the Musicians we are introduced to 15 member if the New York Philharmonic . They tell us there stories of how they found out they really wanted to be professionals.The book included a helpful glossary and a list of resources for learining.Young musicians will gain useful advise from the pro in this book .
 The definitive history of Army Aviation from the beginning to present operations in Afghanistan and Iraq . If you like aviation history this is a wonderful resource . Should be in every library collection . A great gift for anyone interested in aviation .
 This book is a must read for ALL Army aviators . All you Warrant Officers will be surprised to find out that the Commissioned Officers did most of the flying in Vietnam .
 The book as a lot of awesome detail . The author really gets you into it . It 's a great read ! Keeps me coming back for more .
 A good accounting of the state of affairs between England and France at that time . But still no really accurate accounting of the dead and wounded on either side .
 Love the book . . I was born 250 years too late . . I would have liked to been there at the time ... HOWEVER , massacre does not sound like it feels good ! lol
 Tafaline Lytoon blithely pedals her bicycle in a sport dress , takes photographs of archeological digs , shoots a gun , and hikes through lonely country -- much to her father 's chagrin . Her clothing is more concerned with comfort and indestructibility rather than fashion or appearance -- much like her approach to life . She realizes that most suitors are more attracted to her looks , her fortune , or entree to her father than to her.Taffy 's father asks her to photograph the skeleton of the famous ghost piper of Duntrune , Malcolm MacIntyre . According to legend , Malcolm played the pipes at risk of his own life to warn his clan of impending disaster . His plan worked but in retribution the enemy brutally killed him . Now , on stormy nights , he comes to play his pipes upon the wall . When she touches the piper 's bones , a connection is made between Taffy and Malcolm.The span between the centuries that Malcolm and Taffy occupy soon grows thin as each sights an apparition of the other . The echoes of words carry across the centuries until Taffy finds herself drawn into a journey leading her back through the centuries to the ugly wars between clans and the days when the faerie still held sacred space.Melanie Jackson deftly weaves a tale that honors the myth , magic and lore of Scotland . Based on the true story of the piper of Duntrune , she masterfully blends fact with fantasy to present a fast paced , riveting tale . Indeed , this spanning of time and history will capture your imagination in a romance that will touch your heart . Very highly recommended .
 Night Visitor was absolutly spellbinding . I picked it up and embarked on a new adventure with an author I had not read as of yet . Not only do I like Melaine Jackson 's style of writing , but the characters -LRB- Tafeline and Malcolm -RRB- were extremly real and very convincing . I loved the story line and the fact that fairies were involved . Kudos to Melanie for making the reader believe that the transition from one time to another was simple but to add a believable fairy story line was great . I would highly recommend this book and am going to buy her other two Iona and Manon tonight !
 This is the first book I 've read by Ms. Jackson and am pleasantly surprised . Steeped in Scottish history it is an interesting read to boot . Although I will say that I too was confused by the typo at the beginning of chapter two -LRB- it gives the year 1964 instead of 1644 -RRB- . But fortunately , I found through reading the reviews here that it was indeed a typo.Being this was the first book I 've read in Scottish history , I felt a bit confused at first , but this only lasts through the first couple of chapters . After Taffy time travels , it is an easy read and enjoyable . It took me a little while to let go and accept the fantasy/fairy tale aspect of the book , but once I did I had no problem following the story line.My highest praise for the book is its thoroughness . Ms. Jackson leaves no holes and the ending is satisfying as it does not feel rushed as it does in so many books.So , I 'm a little tired today as I could n't put the book down until I finished it at 1:30 this morning , but it was worth it . I do recommend this book .
 I am one of the male managers of WISE Writers and Readers , and I generally leave the reviewing to Lady Ashorah , the head of WISE . But I wanted to say the male readers at WISE loved this book !! Melanie is a super writer , with a haunting , evocative quality that leads the reader into a drama drawn from real historical events . She is one of the strongest historical writers around.WISE WrIters and Readers Book of the Month for MAY and Book of the Year for 2001
 Ghosts , Time Travel , Fairies , Magic and Scotland figure in this delightful story . I liked it . I had one little wish -- I got a bit confused with the love scenes - wish they were a little more detailed and longer .
 I am an avid reader of Romance , I owned a small bookstore for three years , lived half of my life in Scotland , I am a writer of Scottish Lore of the Picts , and run a community at MSN dedicated to writers and readers of Romance , so I become rather picky when it comes to dealing with Scottish History in Romance . Melanie Jackon blends her obviously love of Scotland with the fantasy touch of fiction in a bewitching brew . Dead on history is guaranteed when you read Jackson , who writes in a captivating voice and a true understanding and love of the genre . Based upon a true incident in Scottish History about the Piper of Duntrune Castle , Melanie gives you a light touch in fantasy , with very vivid character that leap off the pages . She is one of the brightest stars in romance today and each book is cements that !!! An Absolute must !!! If you have missed reading her before , do n't put it off any longer ... WISE Writers and Readers ' BOOK OF THE MONTH for May 2001 and tied for BOOK OF THE YEAR for 2001 -LRB- with Always by Lynsay Sands -RRB-
 Taffy and Malcolm are extremely beleivable charactors in a fantastic faerie filled plot . The plot is fey but the Taffy and Malcolm are 3-D humans.Part of what makes this book so believalbe is that it is based on real historical fact and the resulting ghost story that sprang up around a real life piper/hero . The real Malcolm knowingly gave his life for what he beleived in . Moreover , the death he suffered was not kind.This books just gets better the more often you read it .
 I think what I love about a Melanie Jackson book is when I see her name , I know her history is going to be dead on accurate . -LRB- Despite unfortunate typos that often occur in any novel -RRB- She knows how to weave obscure facts and interesting legends into her stories . They come alive . She 's an intelligent writer , not talking down to her reader , but using her skills to create a believable adventure . I loved the interplay between Taffy and the lost Piper . The original premise was a breath of fresh air ! Scotland came alive for me as did her wonderful characters . You write it , Ms. Jackson and I 'll read it .
 Enjoyed this book even though it was time travel with mystical creatures . The story was interesting and I enjoyed the history along with the folklore .
 This book , though not `` great literature '' , is a fun read , with plenty of romance and suspense . But you have to be willing to temporarily -LRB- for the duration of reading the book -RRB- believe in magic , including magical time travel , to let yourself get into the story . This book does have an engrossing , suspenseful story line in addition to the romance , so it is much better than those romance books that are simply an evolving romance held together by boring daily life events . I recommend it as good entertainment reading .
 Three cheers for this author ! No , make that five to match this five-star rating . She 's gone out on a limb to combine fantasy and history and pulls it off beautifully . I noticed another reviewer commented on an inaccurate date printed in the book -- that 's not a review , that 's nit-picking . Read this story and delve into its magical , imaginative world -- you 'll enjoy it !
 After much shopping , Amazon 's shopping network landed me the best deal from one of the thousands , or is it hundreds , of stores in their network.College textbooks are hard to find at reasonable prices and Amazon supplied this one at about 28 % below the lowest average price.Thanks guys
 If you love Mana , you 'll love Isabella . If you love funky Kogaru-Lolita fashions , you 'll love Miwako . If you 've ever wanted to design beautiful clothes or model or just look at a really cute goth boy , you 'll love the others . The art is brilliant ! -LRB- & very similar to I.N.V.U. -RRB- This story is also hillarious ^ . ^ If you love this book , I reccomend Under the Glass Moon .
 Continuing from volume 3 , the Parakiss cast of George , Isabella , Miwako , and Arashi finally finishes the dress and the accessories for the fashion show competition -LRB- in the last minute of course ^_^ :-RRB- . Yukari -LRB- aka Caroline -RRB- begins her run-way career premiering ` the dress ' and it is just breath-taking ! Wonderfully detailed and just beautiful.We learn the reason as to why Isabella has become who HE is . A line is hinted in volume 3 of where George plays an important role in encouraging his ideals of dressing up as a girl.Along with this high climax we are introduced to a new female fashion designer character in which George knows . His relationship with this Ms. Aso is not quite understandable and vague , so far we know that George is impressed with her . Unfortunately this puts our protagonist , Yukari , back into her jealous side . ^_^ ; So far George has eyes for Yukari but we all know he 'll go for any opportunity ... or will he ? Ahhahah
 Paradise Kiss starts off , in the first volume , with a somewhat fantastical style , and then with each volume we get to know the characters a little bit more as they grow into adulthood and get ready to face the real world and things are slowly more and more grounded in reality . Which is unfortunately what ends up happening to most people as they grow up , they let go of their dreams for `` reality '' . In Volume 4 the Fashion Show is about to happen and now Yukari and George 's relationship is not such a sure thing . What seemed like a match made in heaven is now seeming to become something that can never truly work out . George hates to be tied down and is far to flighty to maintain a long-term relationship , especially once reality hits.Yukari is getting ready for her college exams and finding work as a model , George is still uncompromising , and the whole Paradise Crew remains optimistic , even when its seems failure is eminent . The thing about this volume is how realistically it deals with the relationship of George and Yukari and the triangle of Miwako , Arashi , and Tokumori . This volume and the last volume make it pretty clear that its no longer a fantasy , but some of the Paradise crew are starting to face `` reality '' , for better or worse.Oh , and another thing , guess what ! We learn more about Isabella , woohoo !!!! God Bless ~ Amy
 This is a great shoujo/fashion manga by the talented Ai Yazawa , packed full of an amazing attention to fashion ... It is a fashion manga after all , it 's focus point being on the less sociably acceptable styles ie
 Ai Yazawa does it again . Her gorgeous art makes this book great - for paradise kiss fans or anyone else who happens to open it . Yazawa is a creative genious and her fashion designs are beautiful , using the gothic lolita style that has become increasingly popular in the US . I suggest you read this book ... if not for the awesome story , then for the even more awesome art .
 `` Paridise Kiss '' is deffinatly one of the best comic books I have so far picked up , plus it 's as good as the first one . It 's loaded full of the very famous Japanese fashion . -LRB- Lolita Fashion , Japanese Street Fashion , etc. -RRB- It is so different from the usual comic books . . -LRB- Notice that the eyes of Ai Yazawa 's comics are diffrent and more wide than normal comic book charecter 's eyes . For example , Sailor Moon , and Marmalade Boy . -RRB- Still , comic book strives to be diffrent , resulting in how now , there is a whole new style called `` Para-kiss . '' You must check this book out , and if you might want to find out what Lolita Fashion is , you should check out the pure Japanese , infamous books ... Gothic & Lolita Bibles , 1 through 4 . -LRB- I believe that 's as far as it goes . -RRB- Also , Alice Doll comic have Lolita fashion in them , and so does the comic book `` Cinderella '' -LRB- no , not the classic ! -RRB- and Cardcapture Sakura . You can also find out more about Lolita Fashion and Gothic Lolita fashion on my website -LSB- website -RSB- - Enjoy !
 Great . '' . This is one of my favorite mangas of ALL TIME ! Great art , wonderful characterization . Just plain good work . Would recommend !
 For a manga that only spanned five volumes , Paradise Kiss was incredible and had a really fun story . In this volume , everyone scrambles to finish off their ensemble for the fashion show , and the stress is getting to everyone , including Yukari . All in all this is a really good volume and builds up for the volume 5 conclusion .
 The story of Paradise Kiss is very interesting . Its a great love story . It will appeal to an age group starting at around age 15 + . This is the story of a young girl torn between two paths in life . The life she wants and the life she is made to feel she should live . Very enjoyable .
 Pretty good manga.I 'm in my twenties and this is one of the mangas I 've really enjoyed.Its not like MARS : -LRB- But still good !
 OMG !! thats all i can say.its just sooo fabulous !!! when i first heard about it i was contridicting weather or not i should read it but then i decided , `` hey why not ? '' now that i read this fab manga , theres no turning back !!! this is totally a keeper ! i strongly recomend !!!!
 This book has so much insight and will help anyone who is willing to follow the principles in this book . My whole attitude about my marriage and the problems in my marriage have changed . I now understand my roll in how my marriage problems came about and what I must now do to save my marriage . This book gives clear direction on what a person needs to do in order for marriage restoration to take place . Highly recommend for anyone who is having marital problems , is separated , or is divorced and seeking to reconcile .
 This book is phenomenal . If you marriage is in trouble , you and your spouse are arguing , separated , divorced , etc. this book will completely change your entire outlook on the situation.I began reading and applying the principles in this book and another Erin Thiele book HOW GOD CAN AND WILL RESTORE YOUR MARRIAGE within in a week of my husband announcing that he wanted a divorce , that our marriage was over , and all bridges had been burned . I was completely shocked because I thought I had done everything right.I found out that I had not followed the Biblical Principles for marriage and to be a godly wife that God spells out in his word , The Bible . The minute that I started to put in to action the Godly principles that Erin writes in her books -LRB- all 100 % scripturally based -RRB- I started to see a turn around in my marriage.This is a must read for anyone that is engaged , newly married , or long time married . Read it as a Divorce Prevetion guide.Sherry in Texas
 Marriage breakdown has been rampant in our society for decades . Divorce seems inevitable for wounded marriages . But Dan and Erin Thiele have survived the fire and come out as gold . This book is filled with hope , encouragement and wisdom for any woman who finds herself in a broken marriage . It will show you that there IS hope and healing for the most hopeless situations . Most importantly , it shows that through faith in God , and obeying His word , He will restore any marriage . I have read this book over and over , and each time discovered new treasures , which have helped me through my darkest moments . THIS IS A MUST READ FOR EVERY MARRIED WOMAN .
 After reading `` How God Can and Will Restore Your Marriage '' I regretted not buying this book at the same time . I was very anxious for it 's arrival and was not disappointed when it arrived and I was able to dive into it . As with the other book , I could not put it down and it directed to me to all the places in the bible that I needed to be . It was like God was speaking directly to me . This book goes hand in hand with the other one . I have also passed this book on to a friend who needs it now more than I . It is the type of book that you can read over and over again and each time , God has something new for you to learn . This is a must read !
 A Wise Woman is the first step on the road to recovery ! For those of us who have made many mistakes and things look and feel hopeless , Erin shines the light of God 's word on how to become a wife ANYONE would love -- including our wayward spouses!This book is also a great preventative medicine for those who are engaged or newly married . Chock full of scripture , Erin uses her unique and beautiful writing style to renew your mind and feed your soul!Many have found hope for a new life and a new future through this book , whether a marriage is just beginning or being rebuilt on the Rock!A great companion to `` How GOD Can and Will Restore Your Marraige '' By Erin Theile , you can find more information on restoring your marriage and hope at www.restoreministries.netYou will be blessed to have found such a treasure ! May you find hope in the God who cares ! ~ Lindsay ~
 Finally someone has stepped up to the plate and transparently offered those of us in brokenness the hope to restore our marriages . Erin Thiele went through the loss of relationship and family wholeness for a time in order to learn about `` the little foxes '' that destroy the vine of marriage relationship . In her clear and unapologetic style , she helps hurting wives take themselves to God with their pain and losses . He is the source . Then we can allow Him to teach us the way out of despair and selfish grasping , and see the way to walk through adultery , addiction , walls of hostility , and get to the other side.If you have been looking for answers , and found yourself dissatisfied with ` divorce recovery ' or ` abuse recovery ' or ` tough love ' approaches , and wonder why they have not taken away the ache for family healing deep within you , then you have come to a good alternative . My hope in God 's ability to restore people and families has been greatly encouraged.If you want some honest answers and are tired of the rhetoric of the `` me , me , me '' the predominant noise of the world is offering , you have come to the right place . This book has the potential to take you to a new level of prayer . . personally and for your family . I have joked with friends lately , saying , '' . . it is like depression and discouragement were messy roomates that just moved out and took all their mess with them ! '' May you receive grace , hope and healing by taking in these godly principles .
 In spite of the age of this work , and the fact it was directed to a young audience , it is well written and contains a great deal of useful information . Indeed , until very , very recently it was the *** only *** book that had any useful data on Dark Age warriors . Fortunately , more recent scholarship has come in to help fill the gap , but this is still a very useful work.Amazingly , it has not been reprinted with the rest of Oakeshott 's series on Knights - why , I have no clue , for it is the best of the series that I have seen thus far , and is still extremely useful.Buy this if you can , which will not be easy unless a reprint is made - I lucked into a copy from Bookfinder and counted myself quite blessed .
 While this is not one of his major books and written a long time ago Oakeshott got the details right according to what was known about the subject then , and it 's a good introduction now decades later . I have his major books and most of the books written for young folks too . I read what others had to say about this book and I was n't disappointed in it when I bought my own copy . It 's a pleasant read and it filled a niche in our research books.Thirty years in reenactment societies ...
 This book is a paradox . It is written in a casual , conversational style yet it contains very scholarly information . Ostensibly aimed at a young adult or even younger audience it appeals just as well to adults . The main text runs about 105 pages with an appendix . It gives detailed information on the arms , armor and fighting style of the Germanic peoples that overran the Roman empire in Western Europe from around 400-800 A.D. . It is the little details that really appealed to me , such as how the sword hilts were constructed , different makers marks on blades , and centers of manufacture . The excellent illustrations by the author compliment the text nicely as well . The author ended this study around 800 A.D. because that is when new metalworking technology changed the types of swords being made , thus beginning a new era in weaponry and swords in particular . I will definitely be reading more books by this author .
 Una vez mas Charles Swindoll llega al coraz&oacute;n del cristiano como tu y como yo . Nos alienta y nos da ense & ntilde ; anza de como enfrentar nuestros Gigantes , reconocer su origen y escudri & ntilde ; ar en nuestro coraz&oacute;n para dar con esas espinas que han estado clavadas por mucho tiempo e impide que nuestro caminar con Dios sea firme . Pr&aacute;cticos y profundos principios para ayudarnos a ser mejores en nuestra casa , trabajo y en la iglesia .
 Since I got this book I have not been able to put it down.It goes with me EVERYWHERE . The vocabulary is light and easy to identify with and the `` exercises '' at the end of each chapter are simple to put into practice . I have already found the contents of this book so thought provoking that I have been able to reassess and reassemble several old and tired thought patterns that I held for many years . The results are immediate and rewarding . Caroline 's dialogue is clear and straightforward . She uses personal narratives and experiences to demonstrate a point or principle , and I have found myself both amused and humbled by her admissions . I have had the pleasure of attending several of her courses and because her book contains many of her expressions , it is as if she is there actually reading the contents out loud.The method of setting the topics out and seperating them into 7 weeks work gives the reader a chance to work on one particular area as a complete concept before moving onto another . The guidelines are simple to follow yet encourage the reader to delve deeper within their own self , to work on the roots and core of personal existence . As I said before I have this book with me always . It has often felt as if I am on this life jouney with a companion to share the road with . I felt strongly that all the laws that Caroline expands on are formed out of her own self discovery and based on her own personal awareness . She explains the depth to which her life had sunk before she became aware that there was a better and more fulfilling way to live . I found this very humbling to read.THIS BOOK IS A MUST for anyone and everyone . From those who are on a quest of self discovery and personal growth to those who enjoy understanding more about life around them . You can pick this book up and read one page or a chapter . There is no need to recap over several pages to refresh the reader on the theme of the exercise . This has been very handy for me as I lead a very hectic life and at times am only able to catch a couple of pages . There is no compulsory hard work entailed in this read , the hard work is of personal choosing in making the 7 lessons part of ones life.I shall always be able to pick up Caroline 's book as a reference and important refresher course if I should need reminding of the way be keep myself spiritually fit . There is a lot in the book that once taken on board seems so obvious and clear , that it makes understanding the contents so natural . It is very well set out and presented with clear demarcations between chapters . From the first one on `` motivation recharge '' to the last on `` Holding your power and living with joy '' the reader is taken step by step through a natural journey of inner growth . There is a valuable conclusion to each chapter with exercises to practice and thoughts to ponder on.Participation with the book is out of choice and there are no assumption that everyone is proceeding at the same level or to the same degree . There is a relaxed feel to the book which is not only relfected in the unspoken invitation to keep picking the book up to see what is said next , but also in the helpful cross-referencing throughout and index at the end . Caroline has a warm and smoothe voice , gently yet with a powerful message . Her inspitational and thought provoking book reflects these qualities in her . It is been a delightful read , a valuable teacher and sympathetic companion . My life has changed in very possitive ways since starting to open the cover and delve within its contents . I ca n't wait for the next book .
 Caroline Reynolds 's `` Spiritual Fitness '' changes lives . Amazingly , it speaks just as powerfully to me , a 30-year veteran of `` human potential '' and `` spiritual growth '' books and workshops who thought she 'd read it all , as it would to a neophyte . If you do the simple exercises at the end of each chapter , your life is almost guaranteed to change for the better . But even readers who do n't do the homework will find the book uplifting and rewarding . It 's easy to read yet profound at the same time.As a woman in a major life transition , I find this book a wonderful companion on my journey of personal growth and change , as it confirms and validates my own intuition and sense of the Truth . One term that especially resonated with me but with which I was previously unfamiliar is `` non-alignment fatigue , '' describing that drain of energy that comes when one is with companions whose emotions are different from our own . Caroline makes it OK to trust our intuition and offers exercises to fine-tune our ability to listen to it . I highly recommend this book !
 When I began this book , my expectations were that I 'd pick up a few tips and practices that might help on the distraction-packed road toward more mindful living . I was totally surprised , however , both by the book 's depth and the eloquence with which Reynolds writes.Each chapter takes a down-to-earth look at a spiritual principle , then further grounds it in simple but powerful exercises that I actually found myself wanting to do . Most importantly , I wanted to do them again.It 's organized as a week-to-week program , and I went through it that way rather quickly and have found myself returning to particularly challenging areas again and again . Luckily , the book not only invites rereading , but rewards it -- many of the exercises that did n't resonate for me -LRB- and thus I skipped the first time through -RRB- were actually quite powerful the second -LRB- or , okay , third ... fourth -RRB- time around.There are plenty of books about spirituality out there , and sometimes it 's easier to just move on to the next one hoping `` it '' will change your life . Reynolds clearly recognizes that change is your choice , not some formula , and she gives you powerful tools to recognize your blocks and finally get past them .
 Good for beginners or for those already on a spiritual path - as always another perspective gives you insights in areas you may have thought you had it all sussed or confirms something you had not quite got your head around yet . Forgiving and generous - a book to come back to .
 I 'll admit that I bought this to do research , to see what else was out there on the market that 's in the genre we publish . What I discovered was a great book , written in an easy style , with practical exercises -LRB- I 'll echo another reviewer here
 This book is a refreshing , down to earth guide to spiritual fitness . I enjoyed the practical style , true life examples and thought provoking exercises at the end of each chapter . If you are just beginning your journey or looking to expand your knowledge base , this book is a must read . It will put you on a path to greater inner happiness and understanding .
 This book grew on me . It starts out slowly but interspersed in its ' pages are little gems of a-ha 's . Caroline 's personal story is fascinating and her explanation of the New Thought movement helpful to a New Thought newcomer like me at the time I read it . Reading her book and doing the exercises helped foster a subtle transformation in my life
 Written by international speaker and spiritual counselor Caroline Reynolds , Spiritual Fitness
 This book is definitely an `` In Your Face '' program . Each chapter presents full frontal examination of your Spirituality.Unless you do the exercises at the end of each chapter , you are missing the full benefit of the book.I highly recommend you use this book in a class or at least working with one other person to discuss what comes up for you .
 An inspiring read which has the potential to change your life providing you actively apply the principles .
 Loved this book ; I have read it , taught 2 classes from it and it has transformed my life and the lives of my students . \ I highly recommend this book and Her TAPES to anyone and everyone interested in spiritual growth.Rev.JudyCockeysville , Maryland
 This is an easy to understand book for people looking for a spiritual change in relationships , motivation , self evaluation and more . It includes exercises to practice daily to help you find your purpose and make every day count .
 Caroline Reynolds is one of my very favourite teachers . She is a warm , honest person who does not in any way set herself up as a guru . She has lived through life 's heartaches and teaches firmly from the heart , with the benefit of deep experience.I 've attended one of her courses -LRB- very much recommended -RRB- and it was a wonderful soul journey . If you ca n't make it to a course , this book is the next best thing . Do try her exercises - they really have results.Deeply recommended.Jane Alexander , author of Spirit of the Home , Five Minute Healer and other holistic health books .
 This book outlines hundreds of different routes up all of the Wind 's well-known peaks -LRB- as well as several not-so-well-know ones -RRB- . He did a phenomenal job amassing all of this information . There is enough here for a short lifetime of awesome mountain trekking.The information Kelsey gives is mean , lean , and straight to the point . Novices beware , this book makes no attempts to come down to anyone 's level . It is written for those grounded in that arts of route-finding , technical climbing , and alpine survival . It is not a hiking book . If you are uncomfortable with this , either buy a more toned-down Wind River guide , or pick up a book to build your skills like `` Mountaineering
 I bought this book to plan a week-long backpacking trip . It is very similar in concept to Secor 's `` High Sierra '' guide for CA 's Sierra Nevada
 Joe Kelsey has taken the old trail book of Finis Mitchell 's and turned it into a Trail and Mountain Guide that leads you to every nook and crany , you would want to go.Many years before Joe 's book , I would hike the Winds with Mitchells book in hand as if I was following an old adventurers pencil notebook . Today , Joe Kelsey 's `` Wind River Hiking/Climbing Guide '' is as necessary as the matches .
 In its 1980 Sierra Club Press version , now out of print , it is a virtual work of poetry.This version has lots of additions . And is as a result VERY much bigger . I memorized the relevant chapter of my 1980 copy on my 1996 trip to this Wyoming range so as not to need to carry the book . But it was more a Light Gesture than anything else . -LRB- And there was little information in that chapter of any kind - the thing that attracted me to that specific area more than anything else , I think . -RRB- There is no way I 'd carry the book now . The additions were important , do n't get me wrong ; much climbing has been done in the range since 1980 . -LRB- Although that chapter has hardly changed at all . And it 's mob-level national-park-quality scenery , if anyplace in the Winds is . -RRB- But not only is the 1994 book HYOOOGE by comparison to its predecessor ; some of the poetry suffered as well . Kelsey might have thought it too above a broad audience , although his general bent would n't make me think he 'd do something like that for that reason . -LRB- His refusal to `` talk down '' to beginners may intimidate some ; it was downright thrilling to me . -RRB- Still and all , it 's such a wonderful read that I had to force myself to put it down early this morning in an effort to get at least some sleep , something which has never given me a problem with any other guidebook I 've seen . It helped me imagine the Winds before I went better than any other guide has done that job ; it takes me back there now whenever I pick it up.I frequently pick up Kelsey , in fact , just to read him , apropos of nothing . OK , maybe not apropos of nothing . It does help if you have been there . Especially for a week , as I did in ' 96 , and most especially if , as I did last week , you follow that up by spending more than 100 miles on the road with the range forming the dramatic wall-to-wall backdrop the entire way . You ca n't miss the Winds , which makes it amazing how so many do . The only high point I actually ascended on my ` 96 trip saw its first recorded ascent , by the route I took , right around the time some of the middle-aged folk reading this started hiking . Ca n't find that too many places outside of caving , can you?Kelsey treats the Winds the right way . He 's a fitting - and better , if you just ask me - successor to Finis Mitchell . No matter what you are doing in the backcountry of the Wind Rivers , this book will help you get there , and not intrude once you are there . Do it just like he says
 Great book if your looking for climbing routes - Class 3 to 5 . The book does not offer signifcant insights into hiking routes in the Wind River Range . You can find better hiking intel on the web with Google searches.The Southern and Northern Wind River Maps also work better to plan out hiking trips.With that said , if your looking to rope up and bag a peak , this book is a must .
 I bought this book back in 1998 or so when I lived in Utah and it has led me on many an adventure in the Wind River Mountains . The writing is excellent , the descriptions are accurate , and the organization of the book is outstanding . The author has routes in here to please the entire outdoor crowd from the backpacker to the ice climber to the big wall trad climber . This is the best written and best organized climbing guide I have ever read . I wish all guide books were as good as this one .
 The Wind River mountain range offers spectacular climbing.Back in 1959 I packed into the region around the Cirque of the Towers for a week in August and participated in a few first ascents . Joe Kelsey got my name right in his first edition of this book . Sadly , he confused me with someone else , `` Carlos '' Plummer , in this second edition.It was `` Bill '' Plummer , not `` Carlos '' Plummer , who climbed with the late Bill Buckingham that week , and who made the first ascent of the East Ridge of Wolf 's Head , recognized by Roper and Steck as one of the `` Fifty Classic Climbs of North America `` Fifty Classic Climbs of North America . At least Roper and Steck got my name right!I have corresponded with Joe Kelsey , who tells me that the East Ridge is his own favorite climb in the range , one that he has repeated 11 or more times ! Joe acknowledged the error and had planned to correct my name in his `` third edition '' . But that never happened because of financial problems at his original publisher . The error has since been repeated by Steve Bechtel and others , and now may never get fixed!Doggone it , maybe I could have been famous now for something really special that I did 50 years ago !
 I am so grateful to this publisher for having reissued the books of Iris Origo . I first read this book a dozen years ago and it has continued to haunt me since.Origo has created a masterpiece from her tale of Leopardi 's short and lonely life . This is a book where the atmosphere is more important than the facts . No poet could object to coming to life , thus , between the lines setting forth Origo 's appreciation of his art and sympathy for his suffering.Leopardi can hope for no better chance of literary resurrection than that given to him by Iris Origo . If this biography sends you in search of his poetry it has done its job .
 iris origo really has something here , and her poetic biography of the great giacomo leopardi is a classic in itself . the darkness and despair of leopardi 's verse is probably one reason for leopardi 's obscurity and little known philosophical works , but the overwhelming sense of nothingness and meaninglessness that his work conveys is no reason to put him aside . we do not necessarily have to agree with an author about everything to enjoy the aesthetic brilliance and the passion present in his essays and poetry . anyone who gets a dark thrill -LRB- as i do -RRB- from philosophy and poetry that focuses on the more shadowy and sad side of existence will devour leopardi 's work . he would undoubtedly gotten along with and befriended the two other great literary prophets of doom , samuel beckett and arthur schopenhauer , and unconsciously shares their philosophy and really disturbing reflections about the emptiness of human life and it 's accidental and contingent origin . leopardi was a quite genuine pessimist , unlike schopenhauer who betrayed through his lifestyle and even occasionally in his work itself a love and passion for life and art , and his gloom is not simply temperamental or tongue in cheek as it with arthur , but is very serious and profoundly felt . leopardi 's work openly refers to the poetic imagination and man 's feelings of divinity or supremacy in the universe as `` beautiful illusions '' , which is all the more infuriating to those who have them because does not violently condemn them or even make an effort to disprove them objectively , but just dismisses them offhandedly as the obvious products of wishful thinking and fanciful self delusion . despite the depressing and sometimes unbearable bleakness of his work , i think giacomo leopardi is unjustly obscure and the best italian poet since dante . all of his work is a must read for students or lovers of philosophy and poetry .
 Upon the release of ML 's 100 greatest English-lanuage novels of this century , it was to my great sadness to find `` The Forsyte Saga '' missing from the list . It seemed to confirm what I 'd feared for the last several years
 The 1933 Scribner 's edition of this classic trilogy is worthwhile because of the preface by Ada Galsworthy , the author 's wife . Combined with the dedication -LRB- from John to Ada -RRB- , it paints an inspiring picture of a marriage between two creative minds who respected each other 's talents . The trilogy itself is an inspiring artifact of a life spent working hard . Galsworthy finished the first book , Man of Property in 1906 , at the age of 39 . He put the project aside for something like 12 years and then finished the last two novels when in his mid-50s . Most people only read the first book but the last two deepened my appreciation for the first and for Galsworthy 's talent .
 The writing evident in this epic is masterful and engaging
 What an infinite study of character , the Forsyte character , men of ownership , of possession , of material things!I waited for the PBS presentation with patient enthusiasm , and was not disappointed . But knowing that video/movies can only do so much for a text , I unearthed my own private copy of Galworthy 's book , one inherited from my aunt , and started the discovery by print.I have been so overcome by Galsworthy 's skill as a wordsmith , and so fascinated by his social commentary on this class of people , that I have broken away from the novel time and time again and done further research into Galsworthy and his own commentaries of his work , particularly on the Forsytes . From his wife , Ada 's preface , through his intro , to his chosen dedications , I am enchanted . I feel remiss to not have read him before this time , but so grateful to have an old copy and to now enrich my life with these characters.While not disappointed by the TV rendering , I am glad to know Soames , Irene , Old Jolyon , Young Jolyon , June , as Galsworthy painted them . I am glad to see their physical makeup to be different than those of the actors and actresses in the PBS series , and to feel I know them much more completely now.I have a personal love of British lit and am so pleased to find such great storytelling in an older text . The judges were so right in awarding prizes to Galsworthy.The Forsyte Saga is not so foreign in time and portrayal . Materialism still reigns and seduces and corrupts . Class one-up-manship still deludes . Self-importance and shallow values still prevail . Feet of clay forever are feet of clay .
 The Forsyte Saga is a sprawling drama in 3 Volumes/novels which won John Galsworthy the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1932 . I enjoyed all 3 Volumes immensely - the writing is most beautiful , the storylines absorbing , the characters felt `` real '' and the dialogue wonderfully engaging.All 3 Volumes are published by Penguin . Each Volume has 800-900 pages and is divided into 3 Books :1 . Volume 1
 I 'll make this short and to the point . I 'm quite the avid reader , but usually I do n't enjoy books of this nature , opting for fantasy and sci-fi escapism instead . This story is just beautifully told though . The subtleties of the characters and the twisting lives of the Forsyte family are fascinating and makes this one helluva a page turner . I was hooked immediately . I honestly believe that people of all ages will love this book , and I urge you to give it a shot ! I know sometimes that novels taking place in this particular era can seem daunting for those of us who crave more `` Adventure ! Action ! '' type books , but there is no lack of excitement here !
 Galsworthy was the first to borrow the term `` saga '' from the Nordic epic poems to apply to a lengthy novelistic study of a family
 Family secrets , dirty little problems , gambling , divorce , illegitimate babies and a dash of adultery , scandal and forbidden love . Soap opera?Not exactly . It 's Nobel Prize Winner John Galsworthy 's sprawling family epic `` The Forsyte Saga , '' a three-volume saga that spans the nouveau riche Forsyte clan , and the devastating events that threaten their ever-respectable facade . Galsworthy 's lush writing and intricate , insightful stories are excellent on their own , but the dignified handling of 19th-century laws and mores -- and how they changed -- add an extra dimension to his writing.While it has a distinctly soapy flavor , `` Saga '' retains its dignity and look at turn-of-the-century mores and society.The Forsyte family is determinedly regal and hard-nosed , almost to the point of a fault . And as the story begins , the Forsyte family has come together to celebrate June Forsyte 's engagement to a young bohemian architect , Philip Bosinney -- except for June 's father , who eloped with the governess and is now shunned by his family.Among the guests are the stuffy , domineering Soames Forsyte and his quiet , unhappy wife Irene -- though she conditionally agreed to marry him , she does n't love him . But Soames regards Irene as his most valuable piece of property , even as she begins an ill-fated affair with Bosinney . At the same time , the patriarch Jolyon starts to kick off family disapproval , and goes to see his estranged son.Soames ' determination to `` own '' Irene leads to tragedy for all three of them , and Irene and Soames separate for the next decade . But when Soames demands a divorce so he can marry a French girl , he finds himself obsessed and stalking Irene once again . And as before , Soames ' harassment drives his estranged wife into the arms of another man -- his disgraced cousin Young Jolyon . And even as Soames gains a new woman , he finds that you do n't get everything you want ... A new complication enters the works almost two decades later -- Soames ' daughter Fleur is immediately attracted to Irene 's son Jon . The two start an innocent romance , unaware of their parents ' past together , but still overshadowed by the loathing and shame Soames and Irene have for each other . An aristocratic suitor for Fleur , mysterious letters and a secret love affair all come to the surface , as Fleur and Jon discover that love is n't always enough to overcome the bitterness of the past ... The Forsyte Saga is indeed a saga -- it stretches from the stuffy Victorian era into the first bloom of the roaring twenties . Despite the early claim that Forsytes would never die , various characters age , die and weave new lives for themselves , and grapple with a rapidly changing world -- including the new rights for women as individuals , rather than `` property . `` The first part was written in a time before the world of England 's upper crust changed forever -- sort of an English `` Age of Innocence . '' And while Galsworthy 's first trilogy can be seen as the story of an obsession , it can also be seen as the portrait of the Forsytes overall -- stuffy , gilded , and eager to forget the working class roots a few generations back.Galsworthy paints this time in a flurry of lush , dignified prose , filled with slightly mocking notes about the Forsyte family , and tiny gestures and expressions that convey more than actual dialogue could -LRB- `` Huddled in her grey fur against the sofa cushions , she had a strange resemblance to a captive owl '' -RRB- and lushly written descriptives -LRB- '' ... over the lush grass fell the thick shade from those fruit trees planted by her father five-and-twenty years ago '' -RRB- . Yet there are touching moments too , like Old Jolyon paying a visit to his estranged son and his lower-class second wife , and the grandchildren he has never met . The awkwardness , love and pain in these scenes is truly astounding.As for the main characters of this drama , Galsworthy handles their passions and involvements delicately and with dignity . No soap opera dramatics -- just a married woman in love with her best pal 's fiance , and who is raped by her angry husband . And then a realist 's version of `` Romeo and Juliet , '' if Romeo and Juliet 's parents were exes and no suicides came into it.Soames and Irene are really at the center of this book -- she remote , quiet and something of a mystery even to the readers , and he a selfish , close-minded man who wants to `` own '' people . Their children are far more endearing -- Fleur is passionate and vivacious , and Jon is sensitive and sweet . But there 's a vast cast of interesting characters in the Forsyte family , especially melancholy Young Jolyon and his artistic daughter June.Bitterness , obsession and love fill the pages of the `` Forsye Saga , '' and provide the start of a truly classic trilogy of great novels .
 The first volume of `` The Forsyte Saga '' contains three novels and two interludes between each . It chronicles the lives of the Forsyte family between more than 30 years . In his narrative , John Galsworthy deals not only with the family 's fortunes but also the society of their time , and its changes . `` The Man of Property '' is the first novel of the monumental Forsyte Saga and in the beginning the writer spends some time creating his environment where those Forsyte will inhabit.The first chapters turn out to be the more descriptive in the book . Not only does he introduces the most important members of the family , but he also describe their moral-social relationships -- that count much more than their blood relations.Once Galsworthy feels that his characters are established -- and it does n't take too many pages , as a matter of fact -- he starts the narrative per se , although a slight plot has been developed from the beginning . `` The Man of Property '' concerns more on old Jolyon Forsyte 's life and his son and his nephew Soames and Soames ' wife , Irene -LRB- one of the most unforgettable characters in the saga -RRB- . Soames is the man of property , but not only has he got unanimated properties but he also considers himself the owner of Irene . She will involve herself with another man , and this love affair will affect the all Forsytes in some levels.This novel is a great beginning for Galsworthy 's saga , with vivid characters , a well-built plot and charming writing . While the writer is developing the family affairs , he has the chance to portray the changes in the high society life in the early XX Century in England.In the second installment of `` The Forsyte Saga '' , the writer reassumes the life of the Forsyte family . `` In Chancery '' is situated a few years after the events told in `` The Man of Property '' , in a few pages recaps some of the most important facts of the first book and their aftermath . After that he is able to move on.And on he moves -- but the narrative still concerns on young Jolyon , Soames and Irene that forms a love triangle . While the remaining Jolyon become a close friend to Irene , her ex-husband -- from whom she has n't divorced in all those years -- fells jealous and considers claiming his wife back.Needless to say that this is not the only plot in the novel . Galsworthy develops more family plots . It is impossible not to have the feeling that while he is sometimes depicting the shallowness of the elite from his time , at the same time he has an indulgent look upon the rich and wealthy -- which is not a bad thing as a matter of fact.Those who like `` The Man of Property '' will certainly find more pleasure in `` In Chancery '' . He finishes the book with the perfect hook what will come next.For those who liked `` The Man of Property '' `` In Chancery '' , `` To Let '' is a treat . At this point we are in a transition . The old school of Forytes -LRB- Jolyon , Soames ... -RRB- is about to ` resign ' , while new folks are starting to assume the power and the money -LRB- Jolyon 's third son , Soames ' daughter ... -RRB- . The very old Forsyte school , by the way , is already history . `` To Let '' is a novel of transition ; it is as if the parents are passing the command to their kids -- at least in terms of narrative . That is why old plots -LRB- Irene , Somaes , Jolyon -RRB- and new ones are in the center of the narrative.The story is set some twenty years after the ending of `` In Chancery '' , Soames ' and Jolyon 's kids are virtually adults but they do n't know the plot involving their parents -LRB- the story of the first and second novel -RRB- and are ready to fall in love . It is not surprise that Fleur -LRB- Jolyon 's French kid -RRB- will fall in love with Jon -LRB- Jolyon 's third son also named Jolyon -RRB- . But their main obstacle is not the fact that they are cousins , but the relations from the past . The narrative will focus on this Romeo and Juliet-esque couple whose union -- or separation -- lies in a secret hidden in the past.Those who have reached the third installment in the saga are those who have liked it and are looking forward to see what will happen to the Forsyte . So it is no mystery that Galsworthy exploits the family changes as a shadow of the change in their society -- set about the 20 's of the XX Century . As Britain Empire declines , so does the power of the Forsytes that can not avoid their hidden skeletons .
 This body of works has moved me unlike any other . I have re-read the Forsyte Saga over and over again . Each time , I am brought to tears . Sadness over Irene 's situation and then by the end , for Soames , who wanted nothing more than to love her and lavish upon her all that he could . When Irene and Young Jolyon marry , you want all the best for them , even knowing the pain Soames feels . Throughout the entire history of this family , you share their joys , sorrows and even a little bit of laughter . You just ca n't help loving Aunts Ann , Julia & Hester . You 'll never regret the reading of these books . It took me 4 yrs . of searching thrift stores in order to have all 3 hardbacks . I 've never had more fun searching for something !
 Thank you for the excellent service for a wonderful book .
 I could not be more pleased with this item . I have had hours of enjoyment watching these DVD 's . I thank the sender for sending me this most enjoyable item .
 I have always been a big fan of those 80 's soap operas . This book is an 80 's soap in print . So I really liked this book with it 's mellodrama .
 mr. galsworhy may have written a fine solid substantial novel , byt by heaven mr. anthony trollope who lived and wrote over fifty years before was a much more modern writer and did n't qualify every goddam sentence with an exclamation mark . -LRB- ! -RRB- very dated stuff . who knows , maybe one day i 'll get past all those damn exclamation marks .
 Very readable and enjoyable . Really loved it but i do n't know if i could continue with the other books in the saga . It was also so informative about that time period -LRB- around the Boer War -RRB- and the upper social class in England .
 What 's a nice book like this doing in a century like the twentieth ? In some ways `` The Forsyte Saga '' is the last of a literary species , that which saw its pinnacle with Anthony Trollope 's Victorian chronicles of the middle class and exhausted itself as George Eliot pushed the genre so far past its limits that it had nothing else to do but yield to modernism . Galsworthy , however , does not veer from the traditional style . His saga of a fictional family , intended to represent the English upper middle class -LRB- as they are repeatedly and emphatically described -RRB- , is a compilation of three novels and two short interludes , the entirety completed in 1922 , the narrative covering the waning Victorian era and the societal changes that occurred throughout the Edwardian era and the first World War.Thorny and extensive as the Forsyte family tree is , Galsworthy concentrates mainly on a few selected characters and one story line to guide the saga . It begins with a party showing the Forsytes `` in full plumage '' as they celebrate the engagement of June , the granddaughter of `` Old '' Jolyon Forsyte , the family 's current living patriarch , to the architect Philip Bosinney , who has been hired by old Jolyon 's nephew , Soames Forsyte , a solicitor , to design a new house for him and his wife Irene . The problem is that Irene is bored with her marriage to Soames and has an affair with Bosinney and then -LRB- much later -RRB- with `` Young '' Jolyon , old Jolyon 's son and Soames 's cousin.Irene 's infidelity leads to her separation from Soames , who mostly wants a son to continue his lineage and implores her to return . Her final rejection of him enables a divorce and gives him the opportunity to marry a pretty French girl named Annette , but he never relinquishes his love for Irene , and her subsequent marriage to young Jolyon causes a rift between the two cousins , exacerbated by the fact that old Jolyon had bought the house that Soames had contracted from Bosinney . Soames and Annette have a daughter named Fleur , from whom he decides to keep his former marriage a secret , which presents a complication when Fleur accidentally meets and falls in love with Jon , the son of young Jolyon and Irene.Galsworthy rescues the story from becoming a trite soap opera by using the particular Forsyte mentality as the supporting theme . According to young Jolyon , who is not as concerned with money as most Forsytes are , a Forsyte has `` a sense of property '' ; that is , the Forsytes define themselves by their possessions -- houses , land , commodities , wives . Soames , the exemplary Forsyte , demonstrates this by being doomed to live a lucrative but loveless life ; he is not as pathetic as he is merely typical of his class . The Forsytes compete with each other and become jealous over trifles and perceived superiorities , but , fearful of scandals , they refrain from anything that could bring public disgrace upon the family name.When examined in the context of the contemporary cultural revolution , the saga assumes another dimension . There is a wonderful paragraph in which Soames and Annette witness the funeral procession of Queen Victoria in 1901 and Galsworthy summarizes the `` transmuting influence '' of the sixty-four years of her reign , from coaches to motor-cars , the rise of the upper middle class . In the concluding chapter , Soames further contemplates the Forsytian transition at the death of his youngest uncle , which marks the passing of the influential generation of Forsytes that included his own father and old Jolyon . Descended from farmers , a family of merchants , lawyers , realtors , and publishers is coming full circle back to farming and gradually splintering into other families . Eventually , only the name remains .
 I got interested in reading this book after viewing the Masterpiece Theater showing of the Forsyte Saga . It was interesting to compare the movie 's interpretation of the book , and it gave a little more insight into the motivations of each of the characters . Overall a good book .
 I found it a little slow at first and was not used to reading ` proper english ' . I found that there is a big difference between English and American/Ozarkien , which is what I speak . But once I got used to it I enjoyed it very much . I was surprised , at first , because even the commentary was written in ` proper english ' until I realized that the author was living in that age and was writing as he spoke . The saga takes place at the turn of the century , England . The people are very real and very English . I feel I learned very much about that time and that country . I have since read the next vol -LRB- The Modern Comedy -RRB- and am now into the final vol . -LRB- End of the Chapter -RRB- . I 'm sure I would enjoy them even more if I knew their slang , etc. and many refs to their history . Good reading .
 Galsworthy gives his readers a view into the transition between the Victorian culture and the Modern through characters who seem to come alive under his masterful writing . Three generations of Forsythe tenacity keep things lively as they watch their world change . I recommend this book for people interested in Victorian/Modern culture and the historical novel . I thouroughly enjoyed this book .
 I decided to tackle this book on a recent trip interstate , it 's size made it perfect for a long flight , i am so glad i did ! This book is often overlooked in discussions about great english litrature which is a shame in my opinion . I know a lot of people might get turned off because it is a BIG book but it is so well written and such an engaging human story that the pages just fly past.The story is very human and eternally relevant , it tells of the Forsyte family in victorian england at the height of upper middle class wealth and privelage . The ownership and increase of property being their main goal in life they are inevitably troubled by affairs of the heart which they can not control and which make no rational sense to them . The once solid family is torn apart by love and all the hard work which has gone into getting and keeping their property ends up being for nothing.The way the conflict between the emotional impulse for love and happiness and the capitalist instinct for aquiring wealth is told by the author is an absoloute triumph ! John Galsworthy deserved his nobel prize and this book deserves to be read more widely .
 I am just finishing this splendid book by immense author John Galsworthy . And being 65 , I ca n't comprehend how that book could have escape my vigilance for all those years . Why . I could have died without having read this masterpiece . John Galsworthy who is not recognise as he should be , in his time , considered old fashioned by his peers . Someone who mastered the English language like no one before or after him if not for Jane Austeen . And characters that one will never forget nor wish to forget .
 First book marvelous , then all the rest too . Very , very detailed . And the interlude about Joblen 's death so , so rich in the beauty of life and nature . A fine appreciation of life . And one can not help pitying Soames . What Galsworthy has done here is dissect the nature of a man , and a not very likeable one at that , Soames . But if you read through to the very end , you may come to at least have understanding and compassion for this being , who is caught in his own nature . He can not help being what he is . This trilogy is one of the best reads of my life . The newer Masterpiece Theatre version captures it very well . I have not seen the older one .
 I originally posted this review anonymously .20 of 25 people found the following review helpful3 .0 out of 5 stars WHO NEEDS HAPPINESS WHEN ONE CAN HAVE APPEARANCES ? , September 6 , 1998By A CustomerThis review is from
 Family secrets , dirty little problems , and a dash of adultery , scandal and forbidden love . Soap opera ? Well , sort of -- it 's Nobel Prize Winner John Galsworthy 's sprawling family epic `` The Forsyte Saga . '' While it has a distinctly soapy flavor , `` Saga '' retains its dignity and look at turn-of-the-century mores and society.The Forsyte family is determinedly regal and hard-nosed , almost to the point of a fault . One staid family member , Soames Forsyte , becomes obsessed with the beautiful but poor Irene , and finally gets her to marry him -- on condition that if their marriage does n't work , she walks . Well , their marriage does n't work . Soames is frustrated that Irene shuts him out of her life and her bed -- even more so when he learns that she is in love with sexy , arty architect Bosinney , who is building them a new house.Soames rapes Irene and ruins Bosinney . His marriage falls into ruins , and Bosinney is killed in a car accident . So Irene leaves permanently , living in an apartment by herself . Then Soames announces that he wants to marry a pretty French girl , Annette , and Irene weds Soames ' cousin . But the problems of the older generation get inherited by the younger one -- Soames 's daughter falls madly in love with Irene 's son , but their parents ' secret pasts doom their love.Three novels -LRB- `` A Man of Property , '' `` In Chancery , '' and `` To Let '' -RRB- , connected with two short stories -LRB- `` Indian Summer of a Forsyte '' and `` Awakening '' -RRB- -- it 's a pretty big story , sprawling over three generations and four decades . It 's a bit soapy , with all the scandal and family weirdness , but the dignified writing keeps it from seeming sordid.It 's a credit to Galsworthy that he can communicate so much without ever getting into his characters ' heads . He displays emotion in undemonstrative people like Irene through little mannerisms and twitches . At the same time , he can give us heartrending looks into aging patriarch Old Jolyon 's lonely mind . His writing is very nineteenth century , dignified and with plenty of furniture/clothing details . It 's pretty dense , but all right once you get used to it.Galsworthy was a solid supporter of women 's rights , and you can see in Irene and Soames ' relationship -- Soames , who sees his wife as another piece of property , and the determined Irene who only wants her own happiness , but ca n't afford to live on her own . Their respective kids Jon and Fleur are nice but kind of boring beside their darker , more intense parents.For a look at the social shifts that helped define the twentieth century , take a look at the `` Forsyte Saga . '' Or if you just want to soak in a tale of family woe , love , hate and dark secrets , `` Saga '' still works .
 It has been decades since I last lost myself in The Forsyte Saga , and this time around , I was amazed at the quality of the writing , its delicacy , its nuance , its depth of feeling and sympathy for an era that was long-gone even at the time of its first writing.John Galsworthy 's tale of an upper-class English family spanned three novels and two `` interludes , '' all of which make up what we think of as the `` saga . '' Each is a look at the Forsytes , whose family god is property , as they live and die during England 's Victorian days up to and including its waning powers after World War I.The story of Soames Forsyte , desperately and tragically in love with his wife , the beautiful Irene , forms the backdrop . Although Soames is supposed to be the enemy -- cold , forbidding , and capable of raping his own wife to claim his `` rights as a husband , '' nevertheless , I have always felt sorry for him , especially in this reading . Would he have been a different man if Irene could have loved him back ? Would he have softened , become more human , more able to feel happiness ? In later books , he is loved back by his only daughter Fleur -LRB- by his second wife -RRB- , but by then he is too set in his ways to change.And Irene ... the modern-day Helen of Troy . The beauty who breaks men 's hearts without even knowing it ... could she help being so terribly cold to Soames ? With her warm , loving nature , could she possibly have found it in herself to love her exact opposite ? That dilemma continues through the generations to culminate in a truly intense tragedy involving Irene 's only son and Soames ' only daughter.I am so glad to have revisited this book once again and seeing it with new eyes . It is so much more than a mere melodrama , and the quality of Galsworthy 's writing is much more talented than I had ever realized . The Forsyte Saga should be included among the masterpieces of a certain era . It has the universal truth and staying power that is deserving of status as a true classic .
 Everyone 's heard of `` The Forsyte Saga , '' the BBC family epic of the late Victorian Age . Fewer have read the Galsworthy book , and that 's a shame , because it 's fascinating on so many levels.On the surface it 's the story of Soames Forsyte , the quintessential icon of the growth of the upper middle classes and the decline of the nobility during the Victorian era . Descended from a farmer in Dorset in the not-too-distant past , Soames is a lawyer and a man of property . He buys wisely , sells more wisely , and husbands his wealth and that of the family . He is in control of everything that affects him , except one thing -- his wife . Desiring to possess the sensitive , beautiful , genteel but poor Irene , and with the help of a callous mother , Soames pressures Irene into becoming his wife . From this single mistake , the one time Soames let passion rule , his life and the lives of his family and their descendants are changed in unpredictable and frightening ways . Galsworthy 's theme is the constant tussle in life between property and art , love and possession , freedom and convention . In the fine tradition of family sagas , these themes play themselves out over and over with each generation.On another level , this is the story of an age , the story of the British Empire at its peak . Galsworthy packs his book with allusions to the great crises of the time , the Boer War and WWI , the rise of Labour , the death of the Queen , the spread of `` democracy . '' The Forsyte homes are meticulously detailed , from the French reproduction furniture to the dusty sofas to the heavy drapes , to the fireplace grate , to the electric lights in the old chandeliers . Soames collects art , and Galsworthy showers us with the opinions of a British gentleman of the great and not so great art of the day . The Oxford edition is carefully footnoted , which can be distracting but for this novel , it adds a fascinating level of detail.The saga was written over a period of many years , and on yet another level I found the the changes in Galsworthy 's style from the rather clipped , detailed recitations of events and commentary typical of the 19th century to the more expressive style of the 20th . Especially in the first volume of the three , family relationships are painstakingly laid out , the rounds of dinners and family gatherings carefully chronicled . By the third volume , To Let , Galsworthy reveals the love of the countryside and the pain of repressed emotions that the family members a generation ago would have hidden . The writing is very beautiful -- as in this sentence
 I have read most of the great novels and i find this to be far superior to many considered part of the essential western canon . The psychology , subtlety of narrative and memorable characters -LRB- Old Jolyon being my favorite in a book chock full of interesting characters -RRB- are all above and beyond most novels i have read . There is something wonderful about the scale of the novel and I would often find myself weeping while reading this - people often create their own tragedies and those moments are worth reading about . Simply perfect .
 I read the Forsyte saga while I was in college - and was instantly hooked . John Galsworthy wormholes you into a differentworld and time , but as the essence and humanity of his characters unfold , they are extremely familiar even in todays world . What is it about a grand passion that weakens a man of formidable integrity , rigid morals and conservative politics ? Irenes forced subjugation to the marital bed leaves pangs , but her beauty is a sinister seduction to all who encounter it , so one falls short of empathy with her ... A booming economy , a strong parliament , living in the lap of luxury in the worlds premier city of the time . . can you say AMERICA today ? And yet , are we not prisoners of our societal mores ? Soames and Irene wereboth prisoners in a marriage - Irenes captivity was more obvious , but he was no less a prisoner - trapped in a passion - shared bymost men - looked at her he really could not see why she didnot return his feelings , and was terrified of losing her , because he was scared of being lonely . Montague and Winifred , Jolyon and Helen - all of them kind of in the same boat . And in the end , the man with the strongest character committed the biggest crime . Or did he ? Did Jolyon and Irene not commit a larger crime when they wilfully transferred the feud down to ageneration ? Soames and his daughter in the end came to terms withtheir life much better than the more `` likeable '' characters . John Galsworthy and all his books on the Forsytes read like a treatise on marriage , relationships and a life in society that we must all live in . Ostracism was terrible at the time - it could really ruin lives , and it can even today . He writes about it in its true light and heinousness . I love this series and theensuing trilogy - The White Monkey , The Silver Spoon and Swan Song . It gives me great pleasure to post this review . For a decade almost , John Galsworthy was a staple of my reading `` diet '' .
 This is a great soap opera sprawling a number of generations from the 1800 's to the changing times of the 1920 's & 30 's . Through this novel we can see the changes that took place in society where money was no object . There is love , lust , adultery , death , birth and friendship . We find in this novel that those with money during this early times were not suffering with the problems of monetary poverty but that of emotional poverty . There are standards to uphold and mistakes are made and status can suffer.You will love this novel , it is a classic and certainly better than any mini series .
 Mr. Galsworthy serves up the Forsyte Saga as a sumptuous meal of rich descriptions and savory characters in delightful , bite-size pieces . It is a long read , however , because of such rich character development , these people and their personalities become a subliminal attachment to the reader 's circle of friends and acquaintances . Its okay if one is unable to read continuously , because one knows their secrets and stories will keep , and every bit of gossip and story will be saved for the next installment . Galsworthy 's story literally leaves the reader hungering for the rest of the story.Why ? Galsworthy brillantly reveals the strengths and weaknesses of each of the primary players . While he exposes Soames arrogance and pride , he also reveals Soames confusion , denial , and disbelief , thereby humanising the otherwise ` man of property . ' When Irene suggests to Soames the option of dissolving their marriage before they have married , that is , if she is unhappy , one is prompted to read on , carefully , for the clues that explain and support how this might occur.Indeed , this is an oldie ... but like a fabulous dessert , it is worth the wait .
 I finished three-quarters of this entire book in less than a week ; the first novel of the three in less than two days . That 's how good `` The Forsyte Saga '' is . Galsworthy 's writing style is incredible ; it 's no wonder that this is the novel that won him the Nobel Prize . The story and characters are so captivating that it just drives you onward and onward until the end . The Forsytes themselves are an intriguing lot -- especially poor Soames . There 's an instinct for the reader to dislike him , and yet Galsworthy shows that he has true human feelings , just like anyone else . His love for Irene and his passionate desire to be loved back is heartbreaking . The morals that Galsworthy incorporates makes the book complete , making it a true monument of literature .
 Family secrets , dirty little problems , gambling , divorce , illegitimate babies and a dash of adultery , scandal and forbidden love . Soap opera?Not exactly . It 's Nobel Prize Winner John Galsworthy 's sprawling family epic `` The Forsyte Saga , '' a three-volume saga that spans the nouveau riche Forsyte clan , and the devastating events that threaten their ever-respectable facade . Galsworthy 's lush writing and intricate , insightful stories are excellent on their own , but the dignified handling of 19th-century laws and mores -- and how they changed -- add an extra dimension to his writing.While it has a distinctly soapy flavor , `` Saga '' retains its dignity and look at turn-of-the-century mores and society.The Forsyte family is determinedly regal and hard-nosed , almost to the point of a fault . And as the story begins , the Forsyte family has come together to celebrate June Forsyte 's engagement to a young bohemian architect , Philip Bosinney -- except for June 's father , who eloped with the governess and is now shunned by his family.Among the guests are the stuffy , domineering Soames Forsyte and his quiet , unhappy wife Irene -- though she conditionally agreed to marry him , she does n't love him . But Soames regards Irene as his most valuable piece of property , even as she begins an ill-fated affair with Bosinney . At the same time , the patriarch Jolyon starts to kick off family disapproval , and goes to see his estranged son.Soames ' determination to `` own '' Irene leads to tragedy for all three of them , and Irene and Soames separate for the next decade . But when Soames demands a divorce so he can marry a French girl , he finds himself obsessed and stalking Irene once again . And as before , Soames ' harassment drives his estranged wife into the arms of another man -- his disgraced cousin Young Jolyon . And even as Soames gains a new woman , he finds that you do n't get everything you want ... A new complication enters the works almost two decades later -- Soames ' daughter Fleur is immediately attracted to Irene 's son Jon . The two start an innocent romance , unaware of their parents ' past together , but still overshadowed by the loathing and shame Soames and Irene have for each other . An aristocratic suitor for Fleur , mysterious letters and a secret love affair all come to the surface , as Fleur and Jon discover that love is n't always enough to overcome the bitterness of the past ... The Forsyte Saga is indeed a saga -- it stretches from the stuffy Victorian era into the first bloom of the roaring twenties . Despite the early claim that Forsytes would never die , various characters age , die and weave new lives for themselves , and grapple with a rapidly changing world -- including the new rights for women as individuals , rather than `` property . `` The first part was written in a time before the world of England 's upper crust changed forever -- sort of an English `` Age of Innocence . '' And while Galsworthy 's first trilogy can be seen as the story of an obsession , it can also be seen as the portrait of the Forsytes overall -- stuffy , gilded , and eager to forget the working class roots a few generations back.Galsworthy paints this time in a flurry of lush , dignified prose , filled with slightly mocking notes about the Forsyte family , and tiny gestures and expressions that convey more than actual dialogue could -LRB- `` Huddled in her grey fur against the sofa cushions , she had a strange resemblance to a captive owl '' -RRB- and lushly written descriptives -LRB- '' ... over the lush grass fell the thick shade from those fruit trees planted by her father five-and-twenty years ago '' -RRB- . Yet there are touching moments too , like Old Jolyon paying a visit to his estranged son and his lower-class second wife , and the grandchildren he has never met . The awkwardness , love and pain in these scenes is truly astounding.As for the main characters of this drama , Galsworthy handles their passions and involvements delicately and with dignity . No soap opera dramatics -- just a married woman in love with her best pal 's fiance , and who is raped by her angry husband . And then a realist 's version of `` Romeo and Juliet , '' if Romeo and Juliet 's parents were exes and no suicides came into it.Soames and Irene are really at the center of this book -- she remote , quiet and something of a mystery even to the readers , and he a selfish , close-minded man who wants to `` own '' people . Their children are far more endearing -- Fleur is passionate and vivacious , and Jon is sensitive and sweet . But there 's a vast cast of interesting characters in the Forsyte family , especially melancholy Young Jolyon and his artistic daughter June.Bitterness , obsession and love fill the pages of the `` Forsye Saga , '' and provide the start of a truly classic trilogy of great novels .
 I was bored one night and picked up this book that had been on the shelf for probably 20 years . Oh my goodness -- if you love Jane Austen and England , you will love this book . I could not put it down . The characters -- although numerous and many with the same Christian names ! -- are kept distinct and are extremely vividly drawn . One realizes how the social sanctions of the day kept people in their place -- just the discussion of what divorce did to a family alone is worth its weight in understanding how social mores have changed . I thought I would be bored stiff and came away 4 days later after finishing this book wanting to start the next one , 700 pages and all . Enjoy !
 This is a must-read ! Galsworthy 's writing is outstanding . Also read the sequel to the Saga -- `` A Modern Comedy . ''
 As stated in other reviews , `` The Forsyte Saga '' actually consists of three books and two short stories -LRB- or `` interludes '' since they are placed in between the novels -RRB- . Written over a span of more than 20 years , it makes for a rather lengthy work -LRB- 850 pages -RRB- . I was indeed grateful for the inclusion of a family tree , because there are numerous Forstyes and their spouses to keep track of . Galsworthy writes in a highly detailed manner such as when describing a character 's furniture or garden . In fact , if I could make one criticism , at times , I think each of these books dragged because Galsworthy became too bogged down on some meticulous description of plant life or the like . Sometimes the reader just wants the action -LRB- Anthony Trollope , I think , had a better sense of proportion regarding driving plot as opposed to describing surroundings -RRB- . Nevertheless , I would still call `` The Forsyte Saga '' classic British literature because of the author 's prodigious skill in creating characters together with the details that surround their lives . Obviously , Galsworthy had some central themes on his mind , especially the never ending struggle between wealth and property verses art and beauty . Or , if you will , realism verses idealism . Galsworthy is no naif though
 `` The Forsyte Saga '' is a monumental masterpiece reaching the highest level of narrative skills and literary beauty.Mostly known for the television adaptation , this heck of the book is no less amusing than BBC Masterpiece Theater , even more ... it surpasses television genre in what it 's always appreciated by the readers - art of the written language.Despite its length , events which are taken place in the lives of three generation of Forsytes , are hugely engaging and elegantly placed in the background of Victorian and post Victorian era , wonderfully described by the author . For that reason I did n't have any problem to `` travel '' through the book pages without slightest feeling of boredom or exhaustion from reading.As a reader it is so easy to quickly befriend some of the main characters , as well as find almost personal grudges toward less amiable personalities like unimaginative , solicitor Soams -LRB- `` Man of the Property '' -RRB- , who 's obsession with acquiring goods , degrades even his wives to the level of material assets . In the first group I would definitely include the Old Jolyon , for whom John Galsworthy dedicated entire interlude between first and second part of the book , and which is one of the most charming and poetic sequence in the novel.I found Galsworthy narrative to be extremely clever , elegant , observant , poetic , up to the point of the highest level in art . The only sadness which I feel is that many times I found this beautiful literary creation , to be underrated and not included in the list of `` must read books '' of 20 century .
 `` Was there anything , indeed , more tragic in the world than a man enslaved by his own possessive instinct , who could n't see the sky for it , or even enter fully into what another person felt ! '' This has to be my favorite line of the whole book which was thought by young Jolyon Forsyte about his tragic cousin Soames . It also sums up what the entire long family saga is about , possessions whether they are tangible or human . This book is so brilliant because it has a little bit of everything including family secrets , adultry , forbidden love , gambling , and scandal . It almost sounds like a soap opera but is only so much better . Another brillant part of the book is the fact that all the characters are so human none of them are perfect and each has their own set of flaws . At first I did n't think I was going to like the fact that there was no real hero but I have to say that it makes for some interesting reading . Another thing I liked about Galsworthy 's writing of the book is that readers never really know what Irene is thinking , the only interpretations you get from her are what other characters give you . This makes her as elusive as she is described in the book . You either are going to love her or hate her . I found myself hating her at the beginning of the novel because I pitied poor Soames for receiving no love from her but by the time the interlude had occured , I found myself liking her more , especially because of her treatment of Old Jolyon . I started hating and piting Soames more and more , even his own daughter dislikes him . If you like LONG invloved novels with detailed descriptions about time and places you will love this book . It is really one of the great works of the 20th century and I think this author was way before his time . I look forward to reading the other two novels about the Forsyte family in he future .
 Galsworthy 's `` The Forsyte Saga '' is simply masterful . A society epic , a romance , a satire , a character study , and a concept examination -LRB- of the effects of beauty on people 's lives -RRB- , the Forsyte Saga tells many stories but centers on the tragic marriage of Irene and Soames . Irene has married Soames under duress from her stepmother , and she detests him . Soames views all things in his world as possessions , including Irene . The tragedy of this marriage begets more tragedies among other characters who swirl into and out of the narrative . Other , unrelated tragedies in the Forsyte family dovetail with Irene and Soames 's as we come to know a great number of aunts , uncles , sons , daughters , and cousins . But `` The Forsyte Saga '' is not all heavy ; many of the characters are terribly funny -LRB- what could be better than senile aunties ? -RRB- , and Galsworthy 's comments on society are acutely witty . Galsworthy draws his characters so superbly that when the books first came out , readers wrote to him claiming that he must have based characters off of acquaintances of theirs . Galsworthy 's prose is elegant , fluid , and sparkling with energy , making `` The Forsyte Saga '' beautiful and very readable , despite its heft .
 A magnificent sage about a family at the end of the Victorian period . Following several generations of this family as they cavort through society , Galsworthy is a master of storytelling . Although this book is long , you wo n't be bored , because the action is faced-paced and exciting ; Galsworthy can read his characters like a book , so to speak , and presents the Forsyte family as they really are . While Galsworthy postdated the Realism movement in literature , his style is very much reminiscent of those authors in that he depicts everything as it really is
 The Forsyte Saga will keep you on the edge of your seat ! I could n't put this down until I was finished with it . I had seen part of the PBS Masterpiece Theater on it -LRB- how I heard about it -RRB- , but still did not expect what came next !
 John Galsworthy -LRB- never `` Sir John '' only by his own choice , though he did accept the Order of Merit -RRB- , one of the notable British writers of the first quarter of the 20th century , has subsequently faded somewhat from the canon of British writers in the 20th century , despite his winning the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1932 . Galsworthy was a very traditional Victorian/Edwardian writer in his style , despite making his books social criticisms of Victorian/Edwardian values ; his best work coincided with the rise of artistic modernism , which has tended to overshadow his more traditional approach . `` The Forsyte Saga '' , a collection of three novels linked by two short stories , is Galsworthy 's magnum opus , and has been twice adapted by the BBC into major miniseries -LRB- first and most famously in 1967 , and again in 2002 -RRB- ; it has lingered moreso in the public consciousness than its author . This large volume collects the entirety of the original quintology -LRB- some spoilers follow -RRB- . The first -LRB- and , originally planned to be the only -RRB- novel in the series , `` The Man of Property '' , was published in 1906 , and set in the high Victorian period , focussing on the Forsyte family , the numerous long-lived sons and daughters of Jolyon ` Superior Dorset ' Forsyte , and their own descendants . There is Old Jolyon -LRB- ` Superior '' s eldest son -RRB- , who has estranged himself from his son Young Jolyon for the latter 's scandalous affair , and has raised his daughter June , who is engaged to an architect ; and Soames Forsyte , the son of Jolyon 's brother James , who is married to Irene , and commissions the architect to build a house that he hopes will help revive the passion in his relationship with Irene.Galsworthy 's twin focuses , which carry on through the whole series , are the strictures of Victorian values of commerce and proper behaviour -LRB- which particularly impact the two Jolyons -RRB- , and the subordinate legal position of women in society -LRB- though the ridiculous divorce laws also hamstring men , as we later see -RRB- . These carry on through the subsequent novels , published more than a decade after , and the two short stories -LRB- the second short story , `` Awakenings '' , is honestly pretty throwaway , but `` Indian Summer of a Forsyte '' is lovely -RRB- . Galsworthy 's writing style is eminently restrained ; Soames ' decision to force himself on his wife Irene near the climax of the first novel is only described briefly in a single paragraph , and the nature of this act is never verbalized -LRB- or even narrated -RRB- by anyone for almost the entire remainder of the trilogy , even though it is absolutely essential to understanding what 's going on . Stiff upper lip , indeed . The characterization really sells the story ; the plots are frequently not anything to write home about -LRB- the third novel even opens with a quote from `` Romeo and Juliet '' , which would tell people in fair detail how the entire main storyline will play out , until the very end , which is more muted -RRB- . Recommended .
 ` Men at War ' is a compendium of war stories edited by Ernest Hemingway . Most of the stories are historical or first-person accounts of actual events . Hemingway has selected the tales for their literary quality , insight and experience of war . He starts with Caesar 's invasion of Britain ; William the Bastard 's 1066 invasion of England ; American Civil War accounts and much , much more . He 's even included his fictional -- but excellent -- `` fight on the hilltop ' from `` For Whom the Bell Tolls . '' A must read for Heminway fanatics .
 This book tackles international computer system threats that face nations and corporations head on . It presents a theoretical framework for action and will be a valuable resource for the next decade.Athena was also a serious topic in ancient times when she was the Greek god with a sword and shield , the one who thought up the first Trojan horse ... a legacy that connects well with today 's netwars.The authors of each chapter address different issues . Most are from the perspective of military issues . Many use clear historic perspectives to show how one side or the other lost conflicts , for example , the use of smart networks by Mongols to defeat Muslims and by Ho Chi Minh against Lyndon Johnson . Other examples are drawn from the gulf war ; the chief of which is that the next opponent will likely not be as dumb as Saddam.Oddly there is n't much in the book about China and Russia , the cyber-bullies of today 's world . Even if one did want to look up material on these countries the missing index prevents it . With a new abbreviation on every page it would also be helpful to have a Rosetta stone inside the back cover.The example of the wild west is used and very applicable here . There are only isolated pockets of law and order . Good and bad guys are hard to distinguish . Outside occasional enclaves good guys can only trust their resources and a few friends . This high level discussion can be directly translated to domains , firewalls , and virtual private networks . It argues against lowest-bidder security implementations.Computer network managers will understand diminishing role of government in the direction of commercial systems . This means less traditional compliance-driven security technology will be available . Corporate security , network administrators and infrastructure managers are out there on their own . `` Street smart '' information behavior will be necessary to survive.Through the book the term `` cyber '' is overused . It almost never appears in serious government discussions or commercial security where the emphasis is on all aspects of network issues.Security managers who want a superficial self improvement should skip this book . It is very concept-dense and filled with ideas which will cause the reader to stop and think about strategy . Few solution specifics are presented . Concepts in this book are suited for someone who is developing a strategic vision for protecting their organization from network attacks . -LSB- adapted from a review published in Security Management . All rights reserved by the author -RSB-
 In Athena 's Camp is , in my eyes , one of the most important books in the area of security policy at the given momnent , alongside ` Sources of Conflict ' , which has been published by Rand , too . I used the book in a term paper I wrote for political sciences , in which I examined the coming threats in context with the momentary policy of the german government -LRB- as I am German and studying here -RRB- . The book was of utmost importance to me in this case , as it is , as far as I know , the only book covering this topic on such a high level of quality at the moment . Further research also revealed to me , that the momentary german policy is utmost abysmal , and that , surprisingly , the German Green Party , B&uuml;ndnis 90 / Die Gr&uuml;nen , would maintain the best policy in case of election -LRB- just for your information -RRB- . To all students of political sciences worldwide who love researching the field of global and societal change through the information revolution , get it .
 This book may be a little old but the concepts are well thought out and totally relevant . It deals with the whole range of informational warfare issues . Some of which may not occur to the average reader . Be aware this is not for the casual reader .
 No state in the entire nation is richer in Indian names or in fact Indian history than Pennsylvania . Indian Villages is the only major book that traces back Indian names and places for their correct form , origin and history . These 290 pages are filled with the most incredible collection of information ever assembled on the Indian place names of Pennsylvania . In researching his book , Mr. Donehoo , not only went over every available source of printed material about place names in Pennsylvania , but also walked over nearly every Indian trail , from the Delaware to the Ohio , using every trader 's journal and maps as his guide . Each Indian name comes complete with historical notes by the author , and as you read , you get a sense about each place ; a feeling of walking with the author through each early village , along every river and stream and across the mountains of Pennsylvania back into time . A list of the authorities used is given with each name and a general bibliography follows at the conclusion of the work . Certainly , Heckwelder , Zeisberger , Post , Gist , Croghan , Weiser and other early explorers would be very proud .
 Not willing to pay that much , sorry . I know it must be highly sought after , I have read it in a library , but not willing to pay that much just to own it !
 This is an excellent , very well written and insightful book . I have used it very successfully so far , with significant positive changes in my life , both health , career and relationship wise . The monthly predictions for the house we are currently in have been uncannily accurate.What is most useful as well is the author 's judicious recommendations which have not only helped bring forward good luck -LRB- and suppressed bad luck -RRB- but have also helped beautified my house . For example , after following the recommendations to activate my career luck , I have just received another job offer ! They are truly testament to her experience and knowledge.I find it sad that people whinge and pick about minor details -LRB- and blow it out of proportion -RRB- . If your house was built in the 1920s , sure . . the charts do n't apply but it does not take much effort to change the period of your house -LRB- and the author recommends ways to do this as well !!! -RRB- . My house was built in the late 70s but we have successfully changed the period of the house -LRB- given the accuracy of the predictions -RRB- with minimal effort and cost ... I look forward to the 2003 book with anticipation !!!
 Ms Too has tackled a subject that is immensely difficult to learn . However , I thought her approach and explaination was excellent . Readers , please be patient and reread each section more than once.Again , advance Feng Shui puts alot of people in despair due to the topic but once you master the knowledge , the wisdom and flow will pour forth clearly .
 This is one of those books you look at in the store or library and look at it with an open mind but dont give it much attention . YOU COULD DO NOTHING WORSE ! This book deserves FULL attention , and it is great for beginners and experienced numerologists alike . I use it more for a reference book when I do readings for others , and it helps immeasurably . It is very colourful , and very informed . Teaches you how to use numbers in everyday life , what your birthdate means , what your name means in numbers , what the vowels in your name mean etc. etc. etc. . IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A SIMPLE YET HIGHLY ACCURATE BOOK FOR NUMEROLOGY , THIS IS IT . I had a party with my friends , and pulled it out just for fun , and it surprised everyone how accurate it is . It will help you to understand your souls true purpose , and what you need to do to better your life . Highly Highly recommended .
 I teach Choral Music at a University , so every time the class comes back around that is to cover Conducting Technique as well as Choral Literature and Performance Style , I re-evaluate the available texts in case something better has come along . In several decades nothing has . In my mind it 's still the one text that covers in a very basic way all the essential aspects of conducting choral music . It includes rehearsal techniques , gives voice instruction guidelines , and focuses on performance practice for each major style period in the western tradition . It even has diction charts for all the major choral languages . There are other excellent texts -LRB- which I also use in other courses -RRB- that cover a few areas of choral music-making in greater detail , but if you need one text to introduce students to the main topics in clear and authoritative language , this is still the one .
 It wo n't make you a good choral conductor or teacher just by reading books . However , a solid groundwork is essential . This one book provides all the necessities , such as history , role & responsibility , practice technique , basic musicianship and style guide for different repertoires.The authors treat the subjects in a no-nonsense way . For example , they did n't give you a long list of events on choral history , rather they blended them into the influencial parties and thus provide you insights on how the history evolved.So if you 'd read only one book in choral literature , this is the one !
 Great service ! The book arrived in the condition that was given in the description .
 Es un libro de prosperidad , se entiende prosperidad en todo
 Cian ... por eso compre este , QUE SERA SU ULTIMO LIBRO ... y no me defraudo ... & iexcl ; Con razon lo dejo al &uacute;ltimo , porque es el mas brillante c!Y por prosperodad , entiende prosperidad en todo
 Dr. Lewis Sperry Chafer was used by the Lord as a champion of grace . And I have no doubt that this continues even today ... long after Dr. Chafer has gone to be with the Lord . I recommend this book both to unbeliever and believer alike . I have never read a more comprehensive book explaining the marvelous salvation that God offers the whole world through simple faith in Jesus Christ !!!
 This is hands down the best book on salvation ever . Lewis Sperry Chafer is one who teaches the true `` saved by grace through faith '' message . A must read , especially in todays world of so many different gospels being preached .
 God has given Lewis Sperry Chafer a clear insite into the wounderful world of the Christian life . He clearly states the wonderful gifts God has so graceously given the Christian upon His Salvation.He very clearly states `` Who '' we are in Christ Jesus . Our `` Positons '' in Christ while here on this earth and in heaven . Totally Awesome book.A must have for any Christian .
 This books explains in simple language God 's gifts to us and His amazing love . An easy read with huge concepts.May it be a blessing to you as well .
 Should you , reader of this book , be uncertain of your salvation , or know that you are not saved , will you not respond to the loving invitation of your God and come to Him by the way He has provided in the Person and cross of His Son ? Think not that He expects anything from you but your whole trust in Him until He has first saved you by His grace . He will faithfully do according to His Word the moment you have chosen positively to rest your salvation in His saving power and grace alone . After you have thus believed , he purposes to supply all the enabling power to meet all the problems and the needs of your daily life . You need not fear , only believe His Word . His wisdom , strength and bounty are sufficient for you . -117 That is how the final chapter of Lewis Spery Chafer 's classic book Salvation
 I am a huge Louis L'Amour fan and being I lived in this area of California and ridden horses and explored this area , it had special signifigance to me . Like all L'Amour books , there is a lot of fact and legend woven thru the story . I am now living close to the 4 corners area where more of his books took place and loving associating his books with the the area , facts and legends !
 Long before Hollywood took over and actors became politicians , Los Angeles was a sleepy little town with growing pains . L'Amour has woven that story into this tale of parallel worlds and mysterious places to create a western that is n't your ordinary shoot-em-up . Like most of L'Amour 's female characters , the two women in this one are strong and intelligent and they help the men accomplish something . I always think that this book and `` Haunted Mesa '' are almost companion pieces ; this one of parallel worlds during the time of the Old West and `` Haunted Mesa '' of the same thing in modern times . An interesting book by a master of the art of storytellling .
 This one does n't really fall into the Western category , but it 's full of hammering action , informative local California history , and mystic goings-on . Seacoast adventures , early Califronia ranching , great good-guys and really bad bad-guys , and mysterious appearances by silent , unknown characters fill this one to the brim ! Best of all , L'Amour introduces in this story , for what I believe was the first time in his writings , the famous `` portal to the other side , '' which really sets this story apart from almost all of his other works . Excellent yarn through and through . You wo n't forget it for a long time after you first read it !
 I have read fourteen books of Louis L'Amour 's writings and this one happened to be one of the best books I read . It 's different , and keeps you wondering about what 's goin ' to happen next , and in the end leaves you with a big smile drawn upon your face ! . If you have n't read The Californios , then you 'd better go get it ! It 's one of his finest writings ! I usually keep my books on a shelf but I stored this one among my most-loved possessions ! Louis L'Amour is by far the greatest storyteller , and this is how he 's going to be remembered until the end of time ! .
 L'Amour masterfully describes the beautiful California scenery , the situations , and the characters , as he unfolds the plot in his reader 's mind 's eye . Included in this mix is the ever-present set of challenges facing the protagonists . As one of his characters says in this novel , `` there is always trouble . One learns to live with it . A man grows through enduring . '' A few chapters over one of his characters observes `` men must struggle or they deteriorate . '' Which leads to the addition of philosophy or worldview , another component of L'Amour 's works . I agree with some of his sermonizing , i.e. , issues such as a strong work ethic and bravery . I strongly disagree when he tries to subtlely preach acceptance of mysticism which is anti-Christian . Moving back to a more positive matter , L'Amour inserts elements of human relations in his works . For example in talking about Mariana visiting with Sean in this book he notes `` she listened more to the man than to the words . '' In synergistically observing people and location , he notes how one impacts the other by writing `` in New England and in northern Europe the seasons were short and the air brisk . One had little time to do what needed to be done . In California the seasons merged , dreamed one into the other , and what was not done today could be done tomorrow . '' If taken in context , i.e. , specifially if one ignores his advocacy of anti-Christian spiritualism , he has a colorful , adventure story of the old West to tell .
 I often wonder why someone like Steven Speilberg never cared to read such literary talent ... I re-read Californios in my late twenties and wondered if SS could make a movie out of this . It would probably become every kid 's fantasy in the truest sense of the word if only every word of this book is translated using computer graphics ... recall that JAWS and ET were runaway blockbusters that dealt with a shark and an extra-terrestrial as such . The SETI project is 40 years old and still no luck ... it 's time to become fascinated by our own kind I guess ! And Louis Dearborn L'Amour is definitely the last of the breed !!
 `` The Californios '' is a western with a different feel than most of Louis L'Amour 's other novels . As usual , there is action , light romance , and suspense . However , `` The Californios '' has a mystical side that has similar elements as L'Amour 's book `` The Haunted Mesa . '' Overall , the book is fantastic and one both L'Amour fan , and those new to his writing , will enjoy.The story is about a man trying to help his mother keep her ranch . As she owes money to a scoundrel who would rather own her land , they are in a predicament . Years ago , her husband went into the desert with a man called the Old One , the last of an ancient people , and returned with gold . Now , they believe finding the Old One may help them again . `` The Californios '' is an amazing book worth reading . You will learn about life in the early 1800s California without trying . Perhaps the most enjoyable part was the philosophical statements and the mystical elements sprinkled throughout the book . Furthermore , the book peaked my interest in learning more about ancient people who were in America before the Indians . To top it off , the suspense runs from the beginning to end and is truly exceptional reading .
 A fairly decent read , the `` Californios '' allows readers to step into the diverse story including sailing and backcountry soul searching . In the story , I felt that L'Amour mixed in an interesting mix on his usual cowboy backdrop by placing an exotic take on the ancient humans of pre-indian California . With this in mind , I believe this book is a good read for anyone who has read a few of ole Louis ' books and want to see a slight change in his gun slinging plots .
 Another good Louis L'Amour book but kindle edition had more typos than the book formats I have read and I have read this many times .
 Just another of Louis Lamour 's fantastic westerns . He does the most research on the places and times of all the western writers I have read .
 I came across this book when our English class was assigned to read any book we wanted then write a review online . So I was looking around in our MAHS School Library and stumbled across this book in the western section and thought I would give it a try.While reading through this book I was very impressed by all the details and descriptions that Louis portrays through all of his writings . When reading the book it made you feel like you were really there . The books setting is in a desert climate along with traveling in canyons with long tiresome journeys and lots of action and suspense . Most of the time I found myself so engulfed in the book that I found myself either sweating or my mouth would get really dry because the description were so good!In this books actions implies manners and respect to women and this affected my life , because I try to be curtious to women and help them out when I can.I recommend this book , it is a very enjoyable book to read and not very hard to follow . Its great detail and description will be sure to keep you reading . I would give this book a rating of , 9 out of 10 .
 Elaine Showlater 's The Female Malady
 Robert Cooke use humor throughout the book to help nonfinancial manager understand financial reports . The use of the Spouse House Firm throughout the book allows you to see the develop of financial reports as they apply to a small growing firm . Robert writes as he is right in front of you talking to someone he has known for a long time . He uses humor to help you understand the difficult concepts of the book . If you are looking to learn financial statements or just refresh your skills this is the book I recommend .
 This book starts teaching before chapter one even gets under way by setting the expectation that you really can learn -LRB- and better , apply -RRB- finance no matter what you 're trying to do.The sample situation that follows all the way through the book really helps focus on the concepts being taught . Some of the examples are humorous and some make you want to share what you 're reading with a loved one.I bought this book because I 'm just starting to deal with the budget aspects of network management , and needed to figure out how to lay out what I want to do technically to non-technical folks who have the company checkbook . I already know what I want to do , how much it will cost - demonstrating benefits and describing it in language the `` C '' team - CEO , CFO - speaks really helps.One of the best discoveries for me while reading this book is that in addition to helping me achieve the goal above , I found the concepts are applicable to budgeting for the home as well.It 's definitely worth a read !
 I 'd definately recommend this book to anyone who feels phased by finance . Either as a refresher course to revamp finance skills long gone or for newcomers to the subject . The material is very relevant and extremely readable which makes an otherwise droll subject quite lively and interesting . I would have given this book 5 stars but being the pedantic reader that I am , I discovered that some of the calculations were actually inaccurate and , even worse , the answers to the review questions were wrong too . This does n't help when you 're not a natural number cruncher and need solid accuracy to assist in the learning process . Needless to say , its still a fundamentally good book and I know I 'll be referring to it over again to make sure the basic concepts stick .
 What a great book ! It 's easy to read , funny and it does a great job of explaining , piece by piece , the aspects of finance and it 's interaction with a small business . I 'd highly recommend this book to anyone who owns a business , is thinking of owning a business or just wants to better understand what the finance world looks like from the outside.It takes a black-box perspective on the subject to avoid dragging the reader into all the minute details while still giving the reader plenty to chew on , like COGS , depreciation , lease vs. buy decisions , and inventory valuation . The intent of this book is not to teach the reader to be an accountant but rather a book to teach the businessperson how to better use accounting as a tool so they can be more effective.And I * love * to use of the example small business of Rosie 's Spouse Houses to tie each accounting concept directly to specific `` real-world '' situations . The great use of humor really helps break up what can be a relatively unpalatable topic.The only place this book falls a little short -LRB- but for good reason - it 's already a long book ! -RRB- is on financial statement analysis . For that , I 'd recommend the book `` How To Read a Financial Report '' by John A. Tracy.I have -LRB- and will continue -RRB- to recommend this book to my friends who own small businesses .
 This book is both an exhibtion catalogue to a show Derrida curated at the Louvre of drawings on the theme of blindness -LRB- complete with many reproductions of works -RRB- as well as a brillant investigation into the art of drawing by dealing with blindness as evidence of ` blindness ' itself in every act of looking -LRB- and of course reproduction -RRB- . As stated by Derrida , `` every drawing of ` the blind ' is a drawing ` of ' the blind . '' More than just an example of applied deconstruction , Derrida 's reading of these drawings questions the very foudnation of western ideologies of ` looking ' and ` seeing ' taken for granted as self-evident by artists for centuries . By the end , one wonders who is the author , the artist , the curator ? , as Derrida does more with these drawings ` for drawing ' than they ever did for drawing themselves . This book is a necessity for any visual artist producing critical work in the 21st century .
 Although Derrida can be difficult to follow sometimes , this work is extremely intriguing and thought provoking . Well illustrated as well , as should be expected considering it was the catalogue for an exhibition .
 Here Derrida offers a vision of blindness , that is to say a `` vision '' of `` blindness '' , or even a `` vis `` ion of `` blind `` ness . By deconstructing the very `` act '' of see `` ing '' , he defers to diff&eacute;rance , grammatology , and '' &eacute;perons '' , that is to say , the `` spurs '' by which we harry , that is to say hurry , the horse -LRB- s -RRB- of structuralized condescension . Perception , that is , or `` interception '' , or even `` interperception '' of vision -- or more precisely , visuality , and all that implies . Reading , and re-reading , this book , we can easily understand why Derrida and his thought were so instrumental in the fall of apartheid .
 This should be required reading for any critical thinking course . It is a handbook against irrational thought , so-called `` common sense '' , and a host of other misconceptions of humankind . Though written in 1946 , it is still relevant today , if not more so , since so many of us seem to have lost our collective mind.Fun reading , witty , and smooth , it is a great book to revisit from time to time . Although the material is presented in a humorous matter , many of these subjects are not so funny , considering people still believe really strange things .
 All throughout the basic wraith book they make references to this . They did so with good reason . The info on Soulforging was great , thogh i thought that the focus should have stayed on the more modern powers . The history of the coup is nice , and i thought it was worth the cost
 This book is fascinating for anyone at all interested in New Zealand history or a general account of life in the past . It is surprisingly well written for what is just a series of letters , and gives a real insight into life as a pioneer in the 1860s , with all its highs and lows . You 'll laugh at the author 's first attempts at baking , and cry with her as she digs dead lambs from a snowdrift . It 's a wonderful book and I heartily recommend it .
 I was hoping for far more details about working and handling sheep in the ways the New Zealander 's did in the past when I got this book . Unfortunately , this is a collection of letters from a ` high society ' girl that was packed up and moved to the NZ outback with her fiancee . Granted , it 's amusing and reasonably interesting to read how she sees the world , as well as a bit insightful into how at least one family thought of their slaves and house maids during a time fortunately long behind us .
 Apart from libraries , this book is only available through Amazon , I have read a hard copy before and enjoyed it . An absolute must read for anyone interested in high country farms and the wildlife present in the late 1800 's , quite an eye opener when you see the species we have lost
 Station Life in New Zealand is a fascinating glimpse of the true life experiences of an upper class English lady who travels to run a North Canterbury sheep station with her second husband in the 1860 's . The book is comprised of her eloquent , descriptive leters home and gives as great a picture of that time and place as the works of Samuel Butler.Highly recommended .
 Even well written letters wo n't contain the whole story . Still I enjoyed the descriptions of life on a frontier . The storms , the relationships , and the culture left me wanting more ; but friends ca n't share everything in letters . That is part of the time period . Intimate feeling but no `` twitter '' details . This free book was worth more than I paid for it .
 This was written by a woman who moved from England to New Zealand in 1865 . I am traveling to New Zealand and found this historical , personal view very interesting . It is a collections of her letters .
 I bought this book as a recommendation of Aho 's Foundation of Computer Science in order to develop intelligent recursive algorithms . However , this book is not a programming book -LRB- althought it helps programmers a lot -RRB- but a very interesting mathematical book showing a whole new way to think with the aid of some classical examples .
 Recursion was something I could never fully grasp . I understood what recursion was by definition , but I could n't construct a recursive function , nor could I spot a pattern that could be defined recursively . With no exaggeration , I had a glorious moment while reading this book when I finally truly understood recursion . It hit me , that epiphany finally came , and my eyes grew wide with excitement as I stepped into a whole new world.This book shows you how to structure your thoughts , and how not to get lost in recursion . After reading this book , I began to wonder how my computer science teachers were so awful at teaching this concept . Recursion is powerful and beautiful . If you 're wanting to take your programming to the next level and finally understand recursion , this book does just that .
 This is one of my favorite reads on survival skills in the outdoors . It is filled with practical teachings on the most basic and important skills to survive comfortably off the grid , off the land and in the wilderness . A must read for anyone desiring to learn how to live independently of this crumbling world system .
 An outstanding book on woodsmen skills from days of yore . Good practical information and is easy to read and understand . I would highly recommend this to anyone who spends time in the outdoors .
 Read it all of it . can not say that I will use any of it . As a woodsman we usually go out already prepared and with our own more modern and durable gear . maybe if I were to live out there and have to replace my goods as they will inevitable need replacing with the suggestions in this book , but seeing as I am a working class man and will not live n the woods it just is good reading and that is all .
 After reading Woodcraft and Camping by George Sears Washington , I downloaded this . It 's an easy read , very informative and descriptive , and it 'll make you crave the woods . GET THIS BOOK
 I have not placed eyes on the original , but it seems all pictures are correctly placed . His honest old fashioned opinion comes to life when he explains he does not appreciate the safe way to carry his axe . I enjoy the tone and ease of reading , you definitely catch on to the vernacular of the time . A great piece of history that impart practices that still having meaning to this day .
 Nice book ; He has a very bright pleasant writing style!Some of the information presented is dated by modern materials , but it is all still pertinent.More information on making snow shoes than I need just now.There is a useful fire for rain that is not listed in the other Bushcraft book I am reading and a salient plan for setting up your cooking fire.Tips on Axes from a guy that used them to make a living and survive for years in the woods . And a plan for making a log cabin and a stove using the axe.You would need a lot of supplies to do it like they did then so there is information on pack horse loading and management too.Ideas of how to not get lost while exploring the deep woods.In all this is a quick , fun informative little book .
 This is basically a beginners guide to traveling , camping , and surviving in the woods . Covers a wide variety of topics from cabin building to snowshoeing . My biggest takeaways from the book are to always have an axe and blanket when traveling in the woods . Also , never explore unfamiliar areas without a compass and a means of fire creation.Don ' t expect a story . This is a manual .
 I thought it was an amazing very well put together book . I really enjoyed it the whole way through not one problem
 this is a great book . it was written well and read more like a story and not a manual the information although somewhat dated was great to read about and made me think about how a woodsman would have lived in the early 1900s
 Mr. Kreps does a very good job of describing , in detail , how to live in a trapping environment . Definitely a great book , and for the price it ca n't be beat .
 As all books that are over 50 years old this one a some views and language that just are not appropriate . That being said if you want a book that give a surprising amount of practical information at a great price this is it . If you have ever wanted to prepare for a disaster or wanted practical information before camping this book will give you a great beginners course in &#34; woodcraft &#34; . It does not show you everything and at its age does not have any information on the latest gadgets -LRB- like say a magnesium stick or striker stick -RRB- but it does give the basics of surviving . Warmth , shelter , food.The best part about this book is how spot on it is even without the knowledge and modern research when have at our disposal now . His knowledge of food and warmth alone are astonishing even as his speech gives away the time period he is in.This is also shown by his lack of coverage on water . I am sure he just assumes water sources are available and just leaves it out . We know that water treatment is a priority but from the authors view water is either sweet or not.So read it and gain knowledge .
 this is a great book for people that want to go out to the woods or just read about it its fun and easy to read i wood get this book for kids from 8 to 80 i want a hard copy but i think i will read this then get one for my book shlf
 So who could say that Bernard Malamud did n't write well ? Not me . He writes very well indeed . These 13 stories , mainly about first-generation Jewish immigrants in America , but also about visitors to Italy from America , capture so much of life in a society where one is an outsider -- that feeling of `` being here but not here '' , or of living in a country , but not belonging . The wasted ex-coffee salesman , the harassed landlord , the loner rabbinical student , they all seem to pulsate with failure , with uncertainty , and fatal mistakes . Ah , this is a book about life all right , but it 's a book in which the vision is almost tunnel vision . Every single story , without exception , deals with people who can not rise to their own imaginations of themselves . They meet frustration , failure , death or disappointment , they are deflected from any purpose they might have once had . They are melancholy shades of fruitless endeavor . Does even one reach his ambition ? -LRB- They are all male . -RRB- No , the student does n't find a house in Rome , the would-be art critic abandons his research , the would-be lover lies about his Jewish origins and loses the beautiful girl , the buyer on credit never pays back , the so-called reader never reads , the shoemaker allows his daughter to marry an unsuitable man . Only once , after humiliating an angel to tears , does an old man admit his mistake and save his wife from death , and this occurs in the only fantasy among the thirteen . Most of the characters lose , their labors come to naught , they grow wiser , but sadder . I would assume that Malamud himself felt an outsider everywhere , comfortable nowhere . If that is not true , his dreams must have been filled with worry , because this is a most melancholy collection . Does anyone smile ? Does anyone laugh ? Does anyone dash down the street radiant with love ? No . Life is full of personal shortcomings , a bald spot , a stubborn rejection of family , an inability to swim or make money . Frustration and lies run rampant -- people certainly do shoot themselves in the foot again and again . Life is a tragedy , life always ends in disappointment-these are truths told in half the literature of the world , but there is more to our humble existence than that . Even when Malamud writes a humorous story , it is filled with underlying doubt in human nature , concentrating on the tendency of people to try to be what they are not . If you want thirteen superb stories to illustrate that sad point of view , here they are . If you think life is more of a mixed bag , then perhaps this book will only depress you .
 ` The Magic Barrel ' by Malamud contains several -LRB- mostly -RRB- entertaining short stories involving Jewish -LRB- / Yiddish -RRB- characters from the 1950s . He captures a culture and way of life today 's generation has no memory of . Although well written I can not quite understand why this book would receive any special accolades.Bottom line
 I was looking for a hard to find book in large print . I was shocked to see that they were selling a new edition for about $ 1.57 . I was skeptical but for the price took a chance and was amazed to find that I received exactly what was described in perfect brand new condition . The delivery time was also very , very fast . I 'll check out their WEB site in the future for more extraordinary values.Craig Heard , New York , NY
 It was such a pleasure to read these stories . Each story grabs you quickly , and makes its narative thrust accessible . His stories do n't stray from his simple narratives ; there is very little excess or digression.The stories are very personal and moral without being preachy . He knows how to capture people 's moral ambivalence without judging them or resorting to stereotypes.I found this book to be both an easy read and very moving .
 Since this book won the 1959 National Book Award , and I had not read it , I found a copy and was amazed at the power of the stories . I usually am not too enamored of short story collections , since I do n't appreciate starting anew every few pages in a book . But this book is an exception . I was amazed at how quickly one became caught up in each story . The first story is The First Seven Years , and is a most touching story , setting the reader up most felicitously for enjoyment of each of the following 12 stories .
 This set of stories surprises one with breadth of understanding which it exhibits . From the first story -LRB- `` The First Seven Years '' -RRB- which deals with a father 's desire to provide the best for his daughter through the last story -LRB- `` The Magic Barrel '' -RRB- which provides an interesting contrast to the first , all of these stories expand on the single theme of human experience.The frustration built upon in `` The Key '' and `` The Last Mohican '' if offset nicely by the humor in `` A Summer 's Reading '' and `` The Lady of the Lake '' . `` Take Pity '' and `` The Mourners '' offer great insigth into growing old and dealing with lonliness . While `` Angel Levine '' is probably the most off beat of the set it still manages to increase hope , whereas `` The Prison '' causes an equal loss of faith in the human race.The 12 stories here provide a wonderful evening 's reading , however if your looking for more they are included in the books of his complete stories .
 Malamud does three or four tricks in his fiction well , and here he does each one to utter perfection . And when taken together , this collection of stories almost transcends Malamud 's normal limits
 These stories are pervaded with a certain sadness and disappointment , a sense of life as largely a trial in suffering . They are also however deep in a kind of quiet beauty , a unique language of slightly Yiddishized American colloquial restraint . The title story , and the most famous one tells of the hopes and disappointments of poor Jews seeking to find their ' bashert ' their destined mate . It touches upon the world of tormented souls selling illusions to themselves and others . It really moves us with the sense of how the dreams of life turn bitterness into greater bitterness , with longing disappointment beauty . These stories are for those who are willing to read and take inspiration from the sadnesses of life , that nonetheless enrich our human meaning .
 These stories about New York , even when read fifty years later by someone like me from a totally different demographic , in Los Angeles , are still relevant . There are universal self-loathing themes for all immigrants , at all times . I would n't call it immigrant lit , but it 's more like human diaspora lit , the transience of people , and how people make sense , however limited , of the world around them . Strongly recommend . Malamud is able to make writing about trash untrashy , but not in a falsely glorifying way , but in a humanizing way . These are real short stories , not failed novellas .
 I was n't sure about this book but decided to give it a shot and I am so happy I did . All the stories are entertaining and well written . You never get bored . I felt like a kid again wanting to know what happens next page after page . Great writer !
 Flannery O'Connor is responsible for my purchase of this book . In one of her letters , she mentioned that she had justfinished reading The Magic Barrel and stated that &#34; this guy makes the rest of us look bad . &#34; -LRB- Or words to that effect ; ca n't recall the exact quote . -RRB- Many years ago I read Malamud 's &#34; The Fixer &#34; and never forgot it . Its message has stayed with me through many politicaltrials of my own . The only other book which has never been forgotten is &#34; The Arms of Krupp . &#34; Have not finished all thestories in The Magic Barrel but so far they are all wonderful . One can not go wrong with truly gifted writers .
 This book was interesting . I feel not everyone gets these short stories . The stories are sad and depressing , but that 's the author 's point
 This book was in great condition . Still looked practically brand new . The only problem is that it is upside down and backwards . So I look like a retard when reading it . It 's not a big issue though . Otherwise it came in a timely manner and is in the condition the seller told me it was in .
 having read this book and learned the skills , i must say that it has saved my butt may times . I work as a police officer in SF 's , Tenderloin , and have used these skills to `` down '' 6 ' 3 '' 260 lbs men , 5 inches taller and 100 lbs heavier ... without much effort ... Prof. Jay 's finger skills have allowed me to take on and control subject without beating them or hurting them ... it is a must have if you are serious about your safety and jujitsu . . it can show you how a small child can control an adult with the right skills and a little pratice ...
 Prof. Jay is a genius . All of the techniques shown in this book works effectively . I use many of them during informal nhb matches and they saved my butt hundreds of times . If only Prof. Jay included some ground-fighting escapes and reversals , then I 'll recommend this book to everyone , even to BJJ practitioners .
 I wanted to learn more about Wally Jay 's Small Circle Jujitsu . While the first 25 % of the book has a number of pages that are very , very basic , I guess Jay needs to do the CYA thing . Nevertheless , I was disappointed with this aspect of the book . Give me the joint cranks , and let me work on those . Write another book filled with Philosophy , etc. , . I assure you , I will buy that one too . Do n't mix the focus.As well , for people my age , there is a need for reading glasses . But reading glasses , and falling in the dojo do n't go well together . So , I think that a larger book would be appropriate , e.g. 8.5 '' x 11 '' . But , there are DVDs apparently . Maybe that would be better for me.As for the remaining 75 % , they were filled with techniques . Unlike some other reviewers , I WANTED to see more and more techniques . They were not problematic to follow , rather easy actually . There were several panels with exceptionally close photography for some techniques , and I would judge them as being required.I was very pleased with this purchase . It has earned a permanent spot in my library - Self-Defense section . It has helped me with my learning and never ending quest to perfect my Combat Hapkido joint lock studies.VERY MUCH WORTH THE PURCHASE !!!
 I am an experienced martial artist who knows plenty of grappling , throwing , kicking , striking , blocking , falling , and joint locking techniques . I reccomend this book for beginner and intermediat practitionars of juijitsu and other grappling styles -LRB- 8th to 5th kyu -RRB- . If you are a blackbelt or advanced student this book will contain alot of things you already know . But this book should not be used as a learning guide and should only be kept a reference guide . You need an instructor to correct a technique you have trouble with , something a book can , t do . A great book !
 Wally Jay is the guru of all Ju-jitsu . I 've studied Ju-Jitsu for 4 years and this book was a great companion to my classes . Now , I study Gracie Ju-jitsu and this book is still helpful even though the systems I 've studied are different . A must for all practitioners of the art .
 This is a very good book on the basics of Wally Jay 's Small-Circle Jujitsu method . Remember that a book is not a teacher . Lets start with saying that the man knows his stuff and can turn even the simplest tweak of the finger into a painfully mind-numbing experience . The book has lots of easily followed photos and explanation to the techniques . Covered in the text are Preliminary exercises : the art of falling , movement and resuscitation techniques . A chapter on the weaknesses of the human body does then follow . Now techniques are explored including wrist and finger locks , arm/leg bars , arm/leg locks , throwing techniques and choker holds . The final chapter concerns us with self defense techniques.Overall I rate this book as worthwhile especially to the grappling student . One failing is that the techniques look on paper rather static and the self defence applications are very basic , but remember the basics are to be built upon and practised . The techniques shown inflict pain and fast . Enjoy !
 Small-Circle Jujitsu is the best pocket jj book on the market and also the closest book to traditional , real , ju jutsu . The photos are good -LRB- black and white -RRB- , but the quality of paper can be better -LRB- maybe in next edition -RRB- . All you need for to begin train is in this book .
 I found this book to be very well authored . It shows what you need to know and gives a very detailed method of teaching you the same technique . Though I think the overuse of wrist locks to be inneffective the overall method is great and proven in competition by wally jay and his students -LRB- see the history provided in the book -RRB-
 I Like this book . I think that is great for introduction to Jujitsu as well as a supplementing reference to jujitsu for one who is already practicing the martial art . The techniques covered in the book do work for appropriate situations . While no martial art is so complete as to deal with every conflict situation in which one may find oneself , Small Circle Jujitsu offers a good range of techniques to deal with many common assault scenarios . Small Circle Jujitsu Offers the defender the potential advantage of achieving control over an attacker with minimum effort and an option of not causing injury to attacker once he has been subdued . Karate , Kung Fu , and Boxing do not have these optional advantages.All the technigues are labled , described and explained in english as opposed to many other books which label techniques in Japanese . I think that this serves well the beginning student of Jujitsu who may know nothing of Japanese language or culture ; but may still want to learn an efficient means of self defense . I suspect that the use of Japanese terminology in an English culture might even intimidate many prospective Jujitsu students from ever taking up the martial art simply because they can not even pronounce the words.The book itself is divided into 5 chapters . Beginning students should pay attention to the rules of safety included towards the front of the book . This is because some of the techniques can cause serious injury.Topics covered in the book include falls , exercises , resuscitation , weak points of the body , wrist locks , finger locks , arm bars , arm locks , leg locks , throwing techniques , chokes , as well as defenses against strikes , chokes , body grabs , wrist grabs.The explanations and pictures of techniques are easy to follow and understand.I think one of the things that make this book such a good value is because the reader also has the option of buying a series of videos and DVD 's by the same title and author which show the student the motion and application of smooth , continous transition of techniques which can not be captured by still pictures and explanatory text . The DVD 's can be played back in slow motion which is a learning advantage in any sport . The VHS videos and DVD 's can be bought from Amazon.com or direct from Black Belt Magazine at WWW.Blackbeltmag.com.Videos and DVD 's can be bought separately or as a complete set . Black Belt Magazine sometimes offers the whole set of 5 VHS tapes or DVD 's at the price of 4 tapes or DVD 's . Look for the offer if interested.I give this book and the videos 5 each stars because it is evident that Professor Wally Jay really invested much time and effort into making sure that students will be able to understand and make use of the contents of the book and videos of Small Circle Jujitsu as a means of an efficient and effective means of self defence.Small-Circle Jujitsu , Vol 1 - FoundationsSmall-Circle Jujitsu , Vol 3 - Grappling TechniquesSmall-Circle Jujitsu , Vol 4 - Tendon , Tricep , Armbars and ArmlocksNihon Jujitsu by Norm Belsterling Volume 1Nihon Jujitsu by Norm Belsterling Volume 2Nihon Jujitsu by Norm Belsterling Volume 5Foot Throws
 Great book , techniqes you can use ! I love this book , the moves cause pain , but no injury . I really like section on finger locks . I did not have a problem with this book , the pictures were great . If you are in the martial arts , or looking in to them , GET THE BOOK .
 Good book . Mostly pictures , and no B.S. . He just lays out the techniques , and that 's it . Inset pictures show grips for clarity . Not crystal clear , but with any training you get it .
 This is the definitive piece on Small Circle Jujitsu , written by its founder . Professor Jay 's personal philosophy pervades this martial art . It is simple , direct , strong but effortless ... like it 's Grand Master . As there is no question that the techniques when applied inflict severe pain , however , it is actually how little pain is required to make an attacker yield that is the true spirit of this art . Finesse rather than raw power is the underlying greatness in Small Circle Jujitsu . Every dedicated student of any martial arts should have this book in their libary .
 This book is excellent as a companion to the DVD series . Short and to the point in the text and plenty of technical demonstration pictures . I generally would not recommend such a book , but with the DVD series as a companion , it makes a lot of sense and its a quick reference to have in the Dojo . Recommended for those interested in Jujitsu and Judo . Remember that many of these techniques are illegal in sports competitions .
 Got this book on the recommendation from one of my Instructors and it has help me better understand the techniques and application of what I have been learning during my training . If you need a reference or teaching aid book , then you should definitely get this book .
 Great techniques and lots of them . Very good introduction to the world of jujitsu . The issue I had was that many of the pictures were somewhat far away and you ca n't clearly see how the technique is specifically executed . Also , some of the written descriptions assume baseline knowledge of the technique .
 Wally Jay 's small circle Jujitsu is a must have for all Jujitsu practitionners . You do ` nt have to practice the same style , but you can take ideas and concepts from Wally Jay 's small circle Jujitsu and apply them to your martial arts style.Excellent book for those into Jujitsu and wrestling martial arts in general .
 The book has great instruction and drills . It is good for those who have a solid foundation with joint locks and submissions and an overall solid grasp of the body and movement . It has given some good variations of techniques I already teach and use .
 As a Marine Corps Close Combat Instrtuctor , I can tell you that the majority of these techniques work well , and may be learned and applied by anyone . I do , however , beleive that much practical application and sparring/grappling against many different opponents is necessary to become proficient in any fighting art . Nearly ALL of the Marine Corps Close Combat techniques are found in this book . As our system was a collaboration of many SME 's -LRB- subject matter experts -RRB- , that has to speak for something . In addition , Wally echos one of my main points to my students , do not ever become subbornly commited to one technique . You must be able to flow from one to another based partly upon your skill , but primarily the actions of your opponent . Great book , although the pictures and descriptions could be better for beginning practitioners . If you are familiar with basic Jiu-jitsu techniques and principles , you should have no problems .
 Wally Jay is an original , as well as a Hall of Fame martial arts instructor . This book must be one of the 5 or 10 best martial arts books available . It includes 11 wrist locks , 7 finger locks , 10 arm locks , 5 leg locks , 17 throws , 11 chokes , and 45 self defense moves against strikes , chokes , body grabs , wrist grabs , and arm bars . The step by step explanations are clear , and the large photos are helpful . All you need is a willing partner and you are well on your way to learning Wally Jay 's awesome fighting system based on a simple twist of the wrist .
 The novice may not appreciate the conservation of motion and simplicity that Dr. Jay brings to his technique of Small circle . Effortless effort ! The STRENGTH of these techniques are contained in the subtle , minute changes in body position rather than brute force that seems to be the trend of the `` pedestrian '' martial artist today . If you have personally studied with Dr. Jay , you can appreciate the beauty behind these techniques.A great book to dissect over and over again .
 This book should be a part of every martial artist 's library . I bought it several years ago and have reviewed it several times . The techniques are practical and efficient . It really does n't matter what style you train in , the fundamentals of this book can enhance any style . If you are a current Jujitsu or Judo student or technician , this book take techniques you may already know and increases their effectiveness . It is truly amazing what a difference a degree or two and a little push-pull action can make in a traditional technique . Wally Jay has made a wonderful contribution to the martial arts world by writing and putting this book together and sharing his years of study and research with the rest of us .
 Most of us who study martial arts will never , whether we want to admit it or not , find ourselves in a life-or-death , kicking-and-punching fight . Those who do will probably only do so once or twice in a lifetime . However , much more common is the `` tense situation , '' where someone begins to get out of hand and you need to calm or subdue them without escalating the level of violence . When your uncle gets drunk at the family barbecue and starts horsing around , for example , you ca n't punch his teeth out . It just is n't done.I studied small-circle ju jitsu for several years as a suppliment to Wado Ryu karate , and I have used it to defuse several tense situations . It works well , and without any of the spiritual mumbo jumbo associated with aikido . The falling and rolling techniques are even more useful , especially if you are a skiier or a mountain biker and , like me , fall down a lot . Wally Jay 's book is a great reference . The techniques are effective , the explanations are clear , and the photos are all of good quality.It should be emphasized that this is a reference , not a complete set of lessons . If you have no previous martial arts training or are not part of a dojo , you ca n't learn ju jitsu from any book . If , however , you are an instructor and want to suppliment your class with this material , this is an excellent sourcebook to work from .
 Having praticed this form of martial art for over ten years , I have to say that anyone who understands the basic principals of jujitsu can vastly improve by reviewing this book . Loaded with simple instructions and pictures , Wally Jay makes this a quick review guide for the accomplished and an excellent instruction manual for the beginner . He has included several simple exercises , which can be done anywhere without drawing attention , which help improve certain aspects of your techniques . Having been fortunate enough to attend several classes given by this Master , I can say that the techniques are simple and quite effective in controlling an opponent .
 This book is filled with technique , but most importantly , the techniques biuld on the principles presented in the beggining of the book . The small-circle idea is one of the most universaly effective in martial arts , specifically grappling . The book starts off with a short history of SCJJ , and included the principles behind it . It then goes into preleminaries , basic excersises for practicing any JJ style , really , and included breakfalls , art-specific movements , and resuscitation . The next chapter is on weak points of the body , which is an eye-opener . Who knew the cuticle was a pressure point ? Prof. Jay then goes into the techniques themselves , and the specific self-defense situations . The variety of moves in this book allow you to chose the level of force you use , and all the holds/throws end in a standing possition , so that one can leave the scene , if desired . I have no real complaints about this book , although I wish the principles were explained in more detail , and most judo books can better explain the throws . Also , all the work is done in gis , so most of the throws , as presented , require a jacket , as do most chokes . This book appears written specifically with self-defence in mind , and in that it succeeds , but those involved in sporting events that use submissions will find it useful as well . Buy it for the principles and holds .
 This is an excellent brief work on Prof. Jay 's system . Although the book is comparatively short , at least 50 and probably more like 100 techniques are shown . Techniques are divided between throws , wrist locks , elbow locks , leglocks , and finger locks . Vulnerable areas of the body and how to attack them are shown also.Another nice feature is Prof. Jay discusses his overall theory of jujitsu and mechanical and martial principles involved , of which there are 10 , which he goes into in some detail . Some of these will not be new to any experienced martial artist , such as the importance of balance , but others , such as his push-pull method of doing holds and locks , may be new.Of course one ca n't learn a martial art from a book , but if you have some previous knowledge , this book is an excellent introduction and/or review of many of the techniques in Prof. Jay 's system . The system I practice has enough overlap so that I found this book a great way to reference and learn somemore about it . I 've also had the opportunity to attend two of Prof. Jay 's seminars over the years , and would like to say they were great as I expected , and it was a honor to finally meet and get to learn from such a great teacher . And he has put a lot of that knowledge into this book .
 As student who intergrates small circle in my Discipline , I would recommend this book to all martial artist . Professor Jays 10 principles and wrist techniques leave you in a AW . The finger lock techinques works wonder no matter how big or small one is . This book is a must have .
 When I began taking Small Circle Jujitsu , I looked for a good book to find out more information . I came across this book , and was quite impressed . It 's no wonder , since I later learned Wally Jay founded Small Circle Jujitsu . The techniques shown in the book are not only applicable to students of Small Circle Jujitsu , but are also incredibly useful for those in other martial arts . I was so impressed by all the information from this book , I found it necessary to go to one of Wally Jay 's seminars . I even bought a second copy just so I could get it signed by him . I think Professor Jay puts it best with his famous quote , `` Pain makes believers . '' If you try just one finger lock from this book , you will definately be a believer .
 Having not only read the book , but personally studying with Prof. Jay and some of his students , I find the usefulness of this book great because it deals with the conflict at the beginning , instead of after being thrown on the ground by the opponent as in other styles .
 I am a judoist and wanted to learn jujitsu because it teaches more ways to save yourself from dangerous situations.This book is great for all jujitsu and judo practitioners and even better for women and children.This book is easy to learn ! Great pictures and directions . Prof. Jay is the best !
 This book is great ! It shows several techniques using Wally Jay 's Small-Circle theory that work effectively and can be learned quickly . This book is great for people who have experience in the fighting arts or for people who do n't . The techniques are clearly described with easy-to-follow , step-by-step illustrations . I highly recommend this book , one of the best martial arts books I 've read !!
 This book does a good job of explaining in print , what Wally Jay demonstrates so well in person . Its the principle of creating leverage . Basically creating on a joint a lever fulcrum situation that can cause pain and discomfort .
 This book has good pictures and some really good moves . The author improved upon certain moves to make them more effective . Overall a good book .
 I am proud to say that I was personally acquainted with Wally Jay thanks to the introduction by former Canadian National Karate Champion , Patrick McCarthy . Later , I was fortunate enough to have hosted several of Jay 's seminars and produced an article or two about him for national martial arts magazines . Besides being a talented martial artist Wally Jay was a decent and kind man . In fact , he had once told me that if we injured our opponents in a fight then we have an obligation to take care of them . As a combat veteran and tournament fighter I had trouble with that concept then . Over the years I have come to see that perhaps that 's another side of his wisdom and compassion that as an instructor he tried to pass along to those of us knuckle draggers who had n't caught on that fighting was more than just about belts and trophies.When he was working on this book he asked if I would help out and I agreed . I had nothing really to contribute or add but was honored that he had asked . Having been in the mixed martial arts for over 40 years and written hundreds of articles for martial arts and military publications I can honestly say that Professor Wally Jay was truly one of best people I met along the way . His passing was a tremendous loss to the martial arts world but his soul and spirit live on in this book.As for those critics who think any one book will teach you to be a real fighter ... well , maybe if you study what 's in it and then perhaps if you will also give it 20 or so years of work on the mat fighting against good opponents from any and every fighting style or martial art .
 great as a review book - love the many pics of techniques similar to zujitsu ; master zulu 's re-developed style of jujitsu .
 Jay Sensei is a martial arts living treasure and his book provides a great deal of useful instruction . The yubi waza section alone is worth the cost of the book .
 This book is a must read for people who want to learn true self-defense techniques from an expert who is more than happy to share his knowledge . Anyone who meets Professor Wally Jay can easily see how excited he is to teach his masterpiece . This book provides a good foundation into the Principles of Small Circle Jujitsu that took Professor Jay over 50 years of study and research to perfect . No secrets or mysteries just simple , efficient , and effective self-defense . People that are interested in seeing Professor jays take on ground fighting can consult his videos or a Small Circle Jujitsu Dojo .
 I think this is an excellent book on self defense where you 'll really need it ... close up . I 've been studying martial arts for almost 3 years and I do n't believe that you need physical self defense when the other person is more than an leg 's length away -LRB- unless they have a gun , but that 's a different concept -RRB- . When a cousin gave me an Amazon gift certificate , I decided to buy a book on the martial arts . I ended up buying two books -LRB- The other book is a different approach to this topic and is the best of it 's kind that I 've ever seen , but it 's not available at Amazon ... . Wally Jay 's book , `` Small-Circle JuJitsu '' , is filled with excellent , stop-action photos which help you learn the moves needed to do what 's being taught . There are n't many words in this book but the ones that are there are well choosen ! It 's a very effective style , both the teaching and the martial art . This is one of the few -LRB- ! -RRB- books -LRB- along with `` Uechi-Ryu 2000 '' -RRB- I can reccomend with a clear conscience .
 I teach a course in self defense for women . Jay 's book has photographs that make each move easy to understand and imitate . I go back to it again and again .
 Wally Jay is the guru of all Ju-jitsu . I 've studied Ju-Jitsu for 4 years and this book was a great companion to my classes . Now , I study Gracie Ju-jitsu and this book is still helpful even though the systems I 've studied are different . A must for all practitioners of the art .
 Playboy magazine May 2004Cover
 Finally , somebody has written a truly useful book about that most important of American science fiction authors , Robert A. Heinlein . In the past , sloppy criticism and the grinding of personal axes have ruined every single attempt to produce a book discussing Heinlein 's works -LRB- I have the misfortune of having read them all -RRB- . Gifford has produced what has to be the groundwork for all future studies of Heinlein
 Many of us waited over 5 years for this book to be published . It was well worth the wait . The author is the pre-eminent Heinlein scholar in the known multiverse ; -RRB- and the information presented is both authoritative and fascinating , without being pedantic . Anyone with more than a very casual interest in the work of Robert A. Heinlein would do well to order this book ASAP . We can only hope that we wo n't have to wait another 5 years for further work in this area from Mr. Gifford . Anyone seriously interested in Heinlein may also want to check out sff.net . Mr. Gifford frequents the Heinlein oriented discussions there . The book has fascinating commentary about all of the major and many of the minor works of RAH , and Mr. Gifford 's included New Heinlein Opus List is the definitive list of the Grand Master 's work -LRB- and is used and cited by other scholars working in the field . -RRB-
 I fancy myself quite knowledgeable in Heinlein 's works yet I learned a tremendous amount in just the first five minutes flipping through this book -LRB- with many things making me chuckle -- like `` Heinlein 3:16 '' -RRB- . Each of Heinlein 's works is itemized and described , with insights about what went into its creation . There are many fascinating tidbits of information you probably would n't otherwise know , with inside information provided by Mrs. Heinlein , among others.The format is very readable -- either straight-through , or to jump around through the book . The writing style is very clear and readable . This is a first-rate piece of Heinlein scholarship that avoids the trap of being ponderous . Well worthwhile for both the casual and serious Heinlein reader .
 This is an absolute must have for any serious Heinlein fan . Gifford obviously put a lot of work and thought into crafting the Heinlein Opus list , which provides a complete compendium of everything Heinlein has written . There are also tidbits about Heinlein work not published as well.Gifford 's precise , clear , and unbiased commentary on nearly all of Heinlein 's works is interesting and concise . It does a great service by providing a clear chronological progression of Heinlein as a writer , which gives the reader a fuller understanding of the works produced at a given time in Heinlein 's career . I often felt nostalgic when going through commentary because I could remember the work and the period of my life that I read it , and the enjoyment that it brought me at the time.This book is indeed a companion for Heinlein fans .
 James Gifford has given us a book immense in its scope , detailing the works of one of Science Fiction 's Grand Master , and one of the genre 's most prolific authors.The format is very reader-friendly . The individual entries for each work are fascinating for any Heinlein lover , and the bibliography and opus list will prove invaluable to new readers who wish to delve into Heinlein 's universe . Truly a landmark achievement in research and clarity .
 This is probably the best reference about Heinlein 's works that 's ever been written . One of the best thing about it is that it 's complete and very well organized , so that you can find whatever you 're looking for in a few seconds , very handy.Since I 've bought it I 've consulted it hundreds of times , I could n't do without it .
 I read the book in it 's entirety the day I received it . At $ 24 I thought I 'd be getting a comprehensive & possible critical review of each short story or novel RAH ever wrote . Do n't get me wrong , I really enjoyed the book . It 's a fun read and there is a lot of information there . Just no critical review or analysis of the stories . I started reading RAH back around 1960 -LRB- early teen years -RRB- and immediately fell in love with them . He introduced me to Science Fiction and I went on to read and enjoy many other great writers . I 've lost count as to how many times I have read each of his works . There is no question that RAH is the Bard of the genre . I had hoped that in this book there would have been information and a point of view that I had n't already read or known about for all these years.However , if you are a new reader or just have read a few of his works this book can help you find some of his `` stronger '' works to read . But , I strongly recommend that you find -LRB- it 's out of print and somewhat difficult to find -RRB- an early work entitled `` The Past Through Tomorrow '' which contains most of his `` Future History '' stories . This one I 've read many times and never get tired of reading it . From very short to novel length each story is a gem . They remind me of a Beatle album in that every track is a 5 star gem . Have fun .
 Many of us waited over 5 years for this book to be published . It was well worth the wait . The author is the pre-eminent Heinlein scholar in the known multiverse ; -RRB- and the information presented is both authoritative and fascinating , without being pedantic . Anyone with more than a very casual interest in the work of Robert A. Heinlein would do well to order this book ASAP . We can only hope that we wo n't have to wait another 5 years for further work in this area from Mr. Gifford . Anyone seriously interested in Heinlein may also want to check out sff.net . Mr. Gifford frequents the Heinlein oriented discussions there . The book has fascinating commentary about all of the major and many of the minor works of RAH , and Mr. Gifford 's included New Heinlein Opus List is the definitive list of the Grand Master 's work -LRB- and is used and cited by other scholars working in the field . -RRB-
 From the charming opening sequence of memories from Rosemary and L. Sprague de Camp to the interesting list of Heinlein 's `` Unwritten Works '' , this volume provides a fascinating insider 's look at Robert Heinlein 's life and work.It purports to cover every one of Heinlein 's published works ... short stories , novellas , and novels all ... and I believe that claim . If it is missing anything I would be unable to name it . The book generally assumes that the reader is a Heinlein fan and has read all or most of his work . You wo n't find much in the way of plot summaries here . What you will find is information about various drafts of novels , where information is available , and for these it is interesting to see how an original concept was molded into published form.There are some notes and tidbits about every work , often including information about Heinlein 's inspiration for the work as a whole , or for elements used here and there in the story . Other pieces of trivia are liberally mixed in.Oddly , the author makes a number of mistakes when trying to enumerate various plot ideas . For example , when listing Heinlein works which use time travel as a device , he forgets `` Farnham 's Freehold '' . In listing books that use the surface of Venus as a location , he forgets `` Space Cadets . '' However , I can forgive these oversights . If nothing else , it gives the reader a chance to `` participate '' by knowing that you remember something about Heinlein 's work that this researcher overlooked or forgot . ; - -RRB- If you have n't read at least most of Heinlein 's novels and many of his short works , then this book probably is n't for you . You 'd be completely lost in not knowing the context of the discussion for most of the works . Without an abiding love of Heinlein 's fiction , much of this could be deadly dry.For someone like me who literally grew up reading Heinlein -LRB- I read `` The Star Beast '' during the first month of 4th grade , when I was nine years old , and I 'm pretty sure that was the first sci-fi I 'd ever read -RRB- this book is a treasure , and I wish I had happened across it long ago . I do n't agree with every conclusion drawn by the author , but there are many things about Heinlein 's writing that even two die hard fans will disagree about.If you have n't read a lot of Heinlein , the information in this book is not of the type to often inform you or inspire you to read particular Heinlein works . For folks like me who have devoured his every word , often many times , each page contains interesting information.Highly recommended for every Heinlein fan .
 This book is a serious attempt at an academic reference -LRB- with Opus numbers and all that -RRB- but anyone who really loves Heinlein 's work should have it . I read it from cover to cover and enjoyed it rather like a good story in itself but , admittedly , I have read almost every available piece of Heinlein 's writing . There was new information even for me on a few of the never-reprinted stories , on his non-fiction and on the background of some of the works.This book specifically takes a `` no spoilers '' appraoch , so no need to wait to get it until you have read them all.Since the publication of `` A Reader 's Companion , '' the first volume of the sweeping Heinlein biographyRobert A. Heinlein
 Gifford is one of the top experts on Heinlein 's works , and his `` A Reader 's Companion '' is an exhaustively researched and well-thought-out compendium of nearly all of Heinlein 's work.I say `` nearly '' only because the book misses a few Heinlein collections and such that have been published in the few years since Gifford 's 2000 printing . -LSB- ... -RSB- I 've been collecting Heinlein works for years , even very obscure ones , and I still learned of new things from Gifford 's book .
 A wonderful book with a wealth of material for the Heinlein scholar , critic , and collector ... but its real contribution is to the serious Heinlein fan and reader -LRB- like me -RRB- . Each time I re-read a Heinlein story , I flip open Gifford 's book to see what he has to say about the story .
 As I read this book I was taken back in time to the coffee plantations in El Salvador . Benitez is a story teller who 's style takes you far beyond the written word . The celebrations and disapointments are felt with each chapter . A powerful and vivid journey of strong and determined women throughout several decades . A novel well worth reading .
 This was a very impressive tale covering three generations of women of different classes in the history of El Salvador . Even if you have never been to that country nor know a lot of the history the story is gripping . The relations between the various women are beautifully drawn and are good and interesting enough to overcome the sometimes tedious effort to tell the history of the country . The book contains many jewels of small and simple things people do for and with each other . The letter of Caecilia at the end of the book is an example of absolute literary beauty and I will not forget that scene for a long time.In the best traditions of Isabel Allende and G.G.Marquez . A book which I not only enjoyed reading but one that I will give friends as a present .
 I read with interest this book and was glued to my seat . I fell in love with the country and the characters and Benitez is a master story teller . I was a little disappointed that I did not have more information about the civil war , but if you read between the lines you will live the struggle of the Salvadorian people .
 The story was told by an experienced storyteller . The outcome somewhat predictable given the fact that tragedy struck in the very beginning . I loved the characters and found them to be believable . The political situation hasnt changed much in some of these latin countries
 I really enjoyed this book . If you like novels that are vivid and descriptive , that clearly paint life of women in other countries and cultures , then this book is for you . It offers a glimpse of two very different families in El Salvador - rich coffee plantation land owners and peasant coffee pickers/servants . I specifically liked how Benitez had the action and every day life ~ with joy , sorrow , love , births , deaths ~ take place in the context of major historical events . I loved how the `` telenovela '' and its characters took on a life of their own . Anyone who has visited a Latin American country can vouch that they can really take a whole nation by storm ! -LRB- Just think , how many people in America were waiting to see which David won American Idol ?! -RRB- As a person of Salvadoran descent it served as middle-age introduction to the tumultuos and rich history of the country and it left me longing to learn more and reconnect with my roots .
 It has been a while since I read this book -LRB- maybe two months -RRB- , but I just wanted to add to the body of reviews that if you love Latin American fiction or books that might read like the old Masterpiece Theater productions , you 'll probably enjoy reading this book , and otherwise you 'll probably be bored to tears . The writing is not very sophisticated , as is covered by others . Actually , given the quality of the book , I 'm surprised by the number of reviewers ! Many better books even in latin american fiction like Belli 's The Invisible Woman have far less coverage . However , if you are thinking of buying the book to be well read in this genre -LRB- or if you want something specifically on El Salvador -RRB- , you wo n't do wrong .
 This is the best book I have read in a long time . It captured me from the beginning .
 I wish I had more time to write a review worthy of this book ! I will say that this book is fulfilling and rich read . The stories of the women and their families in this book provide insight into the contrast of the social classes in El Salvador in times past . The very personal stories allow the reader to connect with the characters while learning a great deal about the history of El Salvador from the 1930 's on .
 Bitter grounds , coffee , a harvest many of us crave and one who many in the land of the Savior or El Salvador depend upon as Sandra Benitez tells us in her three generation saga , Bitter Grounds . This richly textured American Book Award Winner , is a sort of rich man , poor man , upstairs , downstairs , set in El Salvador from 1932 through 1977 . It is a compelling read and Sandra Benitez grabs the reader and transports her to El Salvador with the first sentence : `` The parakeets ascened in a rustling roar of wings from the amate and primavera trees . Chattering rowdily , they hailed the rising sun . They flew toward the southern sea cresting in a line of shimmering foam tha broke and then evanesced along the black volcanic shore . The birds wheeled , banking in a long graceful turn before heading back over the forest they had roosted in ; they soared toward breakfast in maicillo fields twenty kilometers away . Jabbering , the birds glided and dipped over the alluvial plain furrowed by rivers and streams coming down from the highlands . Across the plain , they trailed a hasty shadow over squares of cattle ranches and rectangles of scattered farms ; they sailed past the spot where four hundred years before , don Pedro de Alvarado and his conquistadores defeated the mighty arm of the Pipil . But such a victory exacted its toll for in the fierce skirmish , Alvarado took an arrow in the leg , a wound from which he would never recover . `` And that wound to the leg portends the history of the characters which inhabit Bitter Grounds . Sandra Benitez fleshes out her heroines of each generation , Elena and Mercedes , Magda and Jacinta and Florencia and Maria Mercedes . All are strong and vulnerable , wise and foolish and all are haunted by decisions that will shape their paths and those who follow them.The familiar structure of the family saga worked well to bring an understanding of the mid-twentieth century history of El Salvador . Sandra Benitez , skillfully fleshed out the intricacies of the culture , the economy and social structure of the country for a reader unfamiliar with it can gain understanding and insight , while at the same time entertaining with a wonderful story . She infused her story gracefully with small elements of magic realism which inhabit many books by Latin American authors.I would not hesitate to pick up another book by this author .
 After reading this book I knew I needed to share it . So I shared it with a friend , who shared it with a friend , who shared it with a friend ... and I have now bought my fifth copy as I still want to share this , and those who read it want to share it as well.A wonderful story of 3 generations of women . Their stories are ones you will want to share with the universe.Buy it . Read it . Share it .
 Having cherished A Place Where the Sea Remembers , I was eager to read Bitter Grounds and glad that it was so much longer . I was not disappointed . This is a powerful book , reminiscent of In the Time of Butterflies by Julia Alvarez , yet still a story that stands on its own . To say I was moved is an understatement . The lives of Benitez ' characters are once more irrevocably intertwined and fascinating as they face the challenges of a life in El Salvador in times of military and political injustice . The strength of Benitez ' women is exemplary . I highly recommend this book , one from which I take another set of priceless friends . Brava !
 I have just finished reading this book not 20 minutes ago and I can not see a day in the future where the story will be forgotten . My heart is aching and the book moved me to tears . The characters are a permanent part of me now and I have n't been able to sleep well the past few nights as I read this book . The story will haunt you especially when you remember that though it is fiction it is very much based on true happenings such as la mantaza and the civil war.El Salvador is a beautiful country with many man-made conflicts and the book depicts that as true and honest as can be told . It opened my eyes to both sides of the conflict and told stories that many Salvadorans still hold deep down not wishing to ever speak about again .
 A very moving book , with a captivating story
 the book was in the condition promised as was its delivery . but the content was extroindary . what a story , im suprised noone recommened this book to me sooner . a rich unrelenting dark read that covers everything a good book needs . love , mystery , sorrow , history sex , upstairs downstairs intrigue . this book will stay with me for a long time . it told me a story i never knew of so . america , and i am sorry for that
 This is the first book I have read by Sandra Benitez . I have done much research on the the 1932 matanza in El Salvador and some on the civil war . I am Salvadoran and began reading the book critically and from a historical point of view . It began quite slow for me and somewhat sided , but as I read on I began to feel as I knew the characters and their realities . This is an excellent book . The realities of life , love , family , death , and war are presented strongly and passionately . The ending is gripping and seems unlikely , but definately portrays the difficult times of the civil war . Read it , it will provide a fictional story of the lives of some in a war torn country .
 My bookclub decided to read this book as a follow-up to the non-fiction From Grandmothers to Granddaughters by Michael Gorkin that follows 3 generations of Salvadoran women through the civil war and into the 90 's . This book was an excellent fictional follow-on . It follows the paths of 3 generations of one lower class family and one upper class family through the turbulent 20th Century in El Salvador . Benitez does not hesitate to share the gory details of Salvador 's turbulent history from 1933-1977 . I found the book very easy to become engrossed in , despite my dislike of violence and blood-drenched descriptions . Her descriptions of life in El Salvador are true to life in every detail . I live in San Salvador and found myself searching for `` Tresores '' or the carjacking spot on the road to La Libertad in Santa Tecla.I strongly recommend this book to anyone interested in what it is like to live in this country , what the Salvadoran people have experienced , or who just wants a beautiful , albeit sad , story of human survival in adversity .
 As a big fan of Sandra Benitez 's A Place Where the Sea Remembers I eagerly looked forward to reading Bitter Grounds . What I found was a very different book although equally as satisfying and enlightening . As in A Place Where the Sea Remembers Sandra 's intoxicating lyrical style leaves an indelible mark on you as you read Bitter Grounds . But in this story I felt myself being pulled much deeper into the lives of the families whose existence is inextricably connected to El Salvador 's politics and coffee trade . Moving quickly , the story covers many miles , tragedies and celebrations and suddenly you 're at the end-not quite ready to leave , and never able to forget the rich stories within the story . A wonderful journey and well worth the read !
 Having been born in El Salvador in the same year as Bitter Grounds ' last two heroines , I can say that this book is a rarety
 I really like the way Sandra Benitez writes . It is the first of her books I read and was nice to see the combination of reality and fiction . A fiction novel based on a reality that darkened the beautiful country of El Salvador .
 Author Sandra Benitez wraps readers up tightly in the tale of a poor family and a rich family tied to El Salvador 's coffee plantations , but do n't get too cozy
 I am always looking for hispanic women authors , and sometimes I am disappointed by their stories , but this was definately NOT the case with `` Bitter Grounds '' . I was so haunted by certain parts of the book that I kept re-reading certain sections to savor the words and the sorrow of the characters.The rich and the poor intermingle and learn from each other the value of riches that are in the heart . Wonderfully written .
 Stories from central americal often seem surreal . How could it be that people so rich can live in such close proximity to those so poor ? How could people motivated by such high principals commit such barbaric acts of violence ? Insulated and liberal in America we so much want to empatize with the poor when in fact we have so much in common with the rich . I found this book so very compelling in that it provided much empathy for all sides of this conflict . One could not demonize any party . Instead I watched helplessly as the events unfolded and greived each needless loss . I recommend this book for your soul as your heart needs the exercise .
 Sandra Benitez 's beautiful book , Bitter Grounds , is set in the El Salvaldor of the 1930 's through the 1970 's , and it protrays the lives of three generations of the privileged Tobar and Contreras families , coffee and cotton barons , and the Prieto family who serves them . Throughout the novel , the relationships of the three families intertwine as their destinies are worked out and revealed . In the eighty years that the novel encompasses , we witness the growth of unrest and eventual revolution of the campesinos against the huge land owners who enslave them with low wages and poor living conditions . We come to know with affection and sympathy members of both levels of society as their lives are joined in daily work as well as in shared confidences and joys . Two girls , Maria Mercedes and Flor , are raised together as sisters in the lovely home of the Contreras family when both Magda , the lady of the house , and Jacinta , head housekeeper , become pregnant at the same time . However , their differences in station prevent their continued closeness as one steps into the life of privelege and the other is left to follow what destiny she can make for herself . This is a book for rereading and certainly one that provides insight into the complex world of Latin America where class distinctions still remain in many areas . Thematically , the bond between women , and between mothers and daughters , is one that is universal and cross cultural . The joys and sorrows that women understand collectively and instinctively surmount any class or color barriers , and as we read Bitter Grounds , we are able to share the universal bond once again .
 This is a truly deep view of El Salvador 's soul and the elements that pushed this tiny country into a civil war . Poor and rich are seen through the eyes of a sensible woman -- Sandra Benitez -- who spent her childhood in El Salvador . It 's very rich , moving and awakens social feelings . It 's maybe because I am Salvadorean that I have enjoyed it so much . Still , it 's a pretty good book even if all you know about El Salvador is the slanted headlines you saw in the U.S. media during the eighties . There 's good and bad in El Salvador , and this is a good book to learn about what made its people go into a painful war . It 's a good and entertaining read as well .
 Dr. Dollitle story is the first book I read , written English.Dr . Dolitle can speak animal languages.First Dr. Dollitle is a doctor for human being.But his behavior is very strange , so nobody came to his clinic.One day he speak to animal with an animal language.Many animals came to his house.After that his house is like a zoo.I like Dr. Dollitle story because of his simple sympathy to animals .
 This is really a review of the seller . My dog ate my brother in law 's copy of this book . This replacement arrived quickly and just as described . Great service and a Godsend . Thanks !
 this book is one of the most wonderful , amazing and inspiring ones i 've ever read . it changed my life . it inspired my own research , i suggest it for all .
 I always wanted to get around to reading Ambrose Bierce . Known as an iconoclast and an excellent satirist , Bierce is best known for his Devil 's Dictionary . He 's also known for the disappearing act he pulled in Mexico in 1913 . I decided to give this short anthology a chance . If I liked his stories , I figured I 'd buy some more of his writings . I will be reading more of his writings.The recent movie _ The Blair Witch Project _ has brought scary stories back into vogue . After reading this book , I realized you can make a direct connection from this film to Ambrose Bierce . The connection would pass through Stephen King and H.P.Lovecraft along the way . I 've seen things in both of these writers that could have been lifted directly out of one of Bierce 's stories . In Bierce 's story , `` The Damned Thing '' , with its talk about colors that can and ca n't be seen , I could have sworn I was reading Lovecraft . Bierce is a master at quick twists and shocking violence , and delivers scares fast and furious . I got chills with several of these short stories , which certainly makes for good horror reading.The book gives the reader a sample of Bierce 's short stories . Most of the stories are tied around American Civil War themes , which is no surprise as Bierce served in the Union army during that conflict . His experiences gave him the necessary frame of reference to write these dark stories . And when I say dark , I mean DARK ! Some of these tales will make your jaw drop . The violence in them is extremely unsettling . Chickamauga and Oil of Dog are sickening , describing blown open heads and dead babies in graphic detail.Did I mention Bierce 's prose ? Some of the best you 'll read . His prose is so amazing that I found myself rereading some of his passages just so I could make sure I was getting the full meaning . It is that rich and textured . It 's also extremely funny in places . In the introduction it is written that Bierce lived in England for several years and was embraced by the English , who are masters not only of the language , but also insults . I 'm not surprised when I look at how he writes . He can pen an insult that would bring tears of joy to an Englishman 's eyes.Finally , Bierce 's stories show incredible depth for the short story format . He ridicules false courage , irony , lawyers , and even unions in the story , `` The Revolt of the Gods '' . I highly recommend that anyone not familiar with Ambrose Bierce give this book a read . It reads fast and you 'll laugh and be shocked within the space of one page . Good stuff .
 Ambrose Bierce 's collected stories , mostly of the Civil War but also of peacetime America in the last half of the 19th Century , are amazing not least because of the fact that he was one of the first to write in this genre . No doubt much of his inspiration for his Civil War stories were based upon his own observations as an officer in the Union Army while other stories may have been ones he came up with while living on the Pacific coast.Ghostly occurances , strange machines , unexplained episodes , monsters ... Bierce seems to have lived in a strange world of shadows all his own . It is somehow fitting that Bierce simply disappeared in the early 20th Century.Great book . Definitely a classic .
 This book has 59 tours in the `` central '' Sierra Nevada of California . That is , the beautiful but less-visited area between Lake Tahoe/Donner Pass to the north and Yosemite to the south . Each tour is rated with difficulty , length , elevatnion , navigation , time , and season . The USGS topos for the tour are listed , along with excellent tour maps . Each tour has a description of what you see , where to start , and leads you thorough the tour.The only thing I think is missing would be an index , but that would n't stop me from buying the book .
 The trade paperback compact version of the English Standard Version -LRB- ESV -RRB- New Testament has been a great resource for me . I was looking for a version of the ESV that was extremely compact , which I could drop in my pocket and not even feel it was there . My Gideon 's New Testament -LRB- New King James Version -RRB- had previously fit this description well , except for my reading I prefer the ESV for many reasons which are beyond the scope of this review.Crossway has released a compact thinline bonded leather , which I was about to order , but when a girl in my small group showed me hers I decided that it was a great little package but still a little too thick and too bulky -LRB- containing the whole old testament ... which makes me still want to buy it and maybe put up with the inconvenience for the privilege of having the entire scriptures available to me in my pocket -RRB- . Then I got an email a couple of weeks later from discerning reader , saying that the trade paperbook ESV was for sale for two bucks . I jumped on it and bought two , one for me and one for my wife.It has now become my daily companion to classes , to work , and pretty much anywhere else I go . My only complaint is that it does not include Psalms like so many other New Testaments do . I appreciate that in such a small package Crossway did not skimp and provided red letters for the words of Jesus.As a final note , apparently Crossway is getting better with their binding . After two months of extreme use , the binding is holding up fine with no apparent signs of wear.My advice , for such a little cost , go ahead and buy this one . Maybe add it to your wishlist or your cart for that day when your order only hits twenty-two bucks and you need that extra little bit to get you to free shipping . : - -RRB- In Christ,-Jacob Hantla
 this Bible fits perfectly in my back pocket , and the font size is not too small !
 From the first page to the last , this enjoyable book will keep its reader interested . There 's suspense , romance , and danger -- it 's like a roller coaster ride that makes the reader hold on for the next thrilling turn . I enjoyed the flowing writing style and held my breath when the characters were in danger . I recommend it to anyone who likes to mix a steamy romance with a great suspense mystery . Hope you 'll also check out my mystery seriesMurder Caribbean-Style -LRB- High Seas Mystery -LRB- Book 1 -RRB- -RRB- and my science fiction seriesHowl of the Wolf -LRB- Heirs to the Throne -LRB- Book 1 -RRB- -RRB- .
 I have read many Alan Dean Foster books in the past and really enjoy his writing . This book is no exception . He seems to have a knack for creating characters and places that are interesting and believable . This is a fast moving story set in an alien environment that has been well thought out . Highly recommended .
 In the forest of Midworld , one had better learn to hug close to one 's home tree or risk being killed by innumerable plants , animals , insects , and other beings less well categorized.Yet , despite a living space defined by various levels of Hell below and above , this planet accommodates a small group of humans who succeeded in adapting to its rigors . Ironically , the one intolerable element is the relatively new colony set up in a clear-cut space by humans with corporate minds and driven by more motives than just sheer greed , Alan Dean Foster is one of my favorite authors - though I remain envious of his imagination , writing skills , and the interesting life he has fashioned for himself . As much as possible on this planet , he 's experienced much of the action he describes in his fiction .
 I am usually turned off by environmentalist preachy novels , but I thoroughly enjoyed Midworld . The world itself was well-conceived as a dangerous out-of-control environment , and at the same time in-balance with its own rules .
 I absolutely loved this book and am going to search out more by Alan Dean Foster in this series . Reading the book , there were many elements that reminded me strongly of the film Avatar . The book was written in the 70s , I believe , so there 's no doubt about which came first . And also , I think , little doubt among the sci-fi community that it was an influence.The world that ADF has built is beautiful , fascinating and deadly . I 'm looking forward to exploring more of it .
 Do n't remember reading a A. D. Foster book before Midworld . Now I 'm going to have to read many more . Midworld will remind you of the movie Pandora and though the theme is similarly this novel stands on its own two feet . Buy it read it you wo n't be disappointed .
 I enjoyed rereading this novel , having read it years ago . It was what made me aware of the damage we can do , just to have something we do n't really `` need '' . The book is timeless .
 I really enjoyed the plot , which kept me thinking about the relationship with our world long after I finished it .
 Alan Dean Foster has the amazing ability to create fantastic places and characters that make his stories come alive . Midworld is another achievement in creativity and storytelling . The story comes alive , jumping right off the pages .
 I think people read Alan Dean Foster because they know what they will get . The writing is clear and clean , the story imaginative , and nothing is very challenging . Something to read just for pleasure if you do n't want to be doing something else .
 Midworld is one of the most interesting sci-fi books ever written . Alan Dean Foster is a genius . -LSB- ... -RSB- I Definitely recommend this book .
 I 've ready nearly all of Alan Dean Foster 's book , and this was one of my favorites . Great premise and the way Foster describes such a unique world is fantasic . Highly recommended .
 I enjoyed this book thoroughly ! I wish Foster would write more on this exciting concept . I found the only problem with this book to be it ended too soon . I consider this a must read for SF fans . It 's by far one of my top favorites !
 I read this book when i was stoned . I 'd never been so stoned . Like everything in the book was green , cool . I was stoned . I 'm stoned now . I really liked this book .
 No one intended to settle the nameless planet covered by seven levels of steaming tropical forest . A colony ship wound up orbiting it by mistake , giving the stranded passengers no other option except to land and try their best to survive . A few of them did that for long enough to have children . Now , generations later , their adapted descendants include a hunter named Born . He 's a curious young man , so much so that his people call him mad . For what good is curiosity , in a place where seeking to see the sky involves going to a place called Upper Hell?When two giants drop out of the sky , only Born cares enough about the mystery to climb down through the trees and rescue them from their crashed flitter . Although they know less than the smallest child about surviving in this perilous place , Born manages to keep them alive long enough to reach the relative safety of his Home Tree . His tribe thinks it 's seen him for the last time when he sets out to guide the strangers to the `` station '' from which they say they came - no one ever traveled that far before . As Born learns more and more about these fellow humans whose thinking is so very unlike that of his own people , and as he discovers how they mean to use the awesome power they 've brought to Midworld , the young hunter 's curiosity turns to horror . These invaders have to be stopped from carrying out their plans . But how?The world-building in this book amazes me . Parable and adventure tale , it works well on both levels ; and it ends with a chilling twist that turns what had looked predictable squarely onto its head . Followers of Foster 's Flinx books - the more recent ones , especially - will find some delicious foreshadowing in that twist .
 I actually read this book a long time ago - I think it would have been in the late 70s -LRB- Note that it is a re-issue now -RRB- . My local library had a copy and I re-borrowed it a number of times because I was so enamoured with the imagery of the planet Midworld . It was probably responsible for my ongoing interest in SciFi/Fantasy literature.The book is filled with vivid images of strange , alien lifeforms that are mind-boggling real . The characters are constantly threatened by death by unusual means , making it hard to find a spot to put the book down . In ways the book is similar to the more recently written `` Sentenced to Prism '' , although set in a quite different landscape . I was also interested by the revisiting of Midworld by the author in `` MidFlinx '' , although I think I prefer the original , Flinx is just too good at surviving so I knew he would make it .
 No one describes a creature like Alan Dean Foster ! Hands down , the very best . His silverslith sent shivers down my arms . I 've read it many times , and I even use it to teach my students how to write a descriptive paragraph . His mind knows no bounds when inventing animals , plants , and humans . Probably my favorite fantasy book of all times -LRB- though Mid-Flinx -RRB- comes in a close second .
 This is a wonderful , imaginative work about a verdant , tropical world of some truly amazing flora/fauna as conceived out of the mind of A.Dean Foster . His descriptions are encompassing , and the world is fully realized for such a short piece . I recently saw Avatar with my husband , and was struck at home much of Avatar 's story was lifted from Midworld , Ursula Le Guin 's `` The Word for World was Forest '' , and other writers exploring bio-vegetative themes during the 1950s-1970s . The only part of this story I have a problem with are that there are some seriously stereotypical characters that are annoying -LRB- i.e. , the super-hot moron female , muscle-bound `` jock '' male , etc. -RRB- but A.Dean Foster uses these stereotypes in almost ALL of his books , it can be ignored as they are a small , small portion of this books content.All in all , I recommend reading this for the sheer genius of description and creativity .
 I usually am a hard science fiction reader . But my brother recommended that I read this one . WOW ! This was one of the best stories I have ever read , I thought I was actually there on Midworld . Loved it !
 I first found interest in ADF when my father told me he was a friend of Mr. Foster . Aparently , dad actually had the honor of building Foster 's garage . It 's true . This was the first of his books that I read , and I loved it . The concept of a world where the defining line between the plant and animal kingdom is faint is an excellent one . And there is also a valuable lesson to be learned from midworld . I 'll leave that to the reader to find out , though . I reccomend anyone who likes Sci/fi reads it .
 Long before the concept of world building gained currency among science fiction fans , Alan Dean Foster built one of the most imaginative worlds in the genre . Midworld takes place on an unnamed planet covered with dense vegetation , rising from the surface -LRB- Lower Hell -RRB- to the sky -LRB- Upper Hell -RRB- in seven layers . Although it is filled with predatory plants and animals , humans -- the descendants of a crashed spacecraft -- have carved out a niche in the middle levels . They have adapted to the world to such an extent that they seem to communicate in an almost worshipful way with the trees and vegetation that make their survival possible . They `` emfol '' with plant life , an empathic form of communication that assures the plant 's willingness to be used for their purposes . A science station , illegally established on the world by a corporate entity , is unaware of the world 's human population until a skimmer flown by two scientists is swatted from the air by a flying nightmare . The scientists -- Logan and Cohoma -- are saved by Born , who eventually leads them on a dangerous journey back to their station . When Born learns what the science station is doing , conflict ensues.Midworld combines a nifty story of corporate greed with a lost world adventure . Most of the novel -- the best part of the novel -- pits humans against the many dangers that Foster imagines on a world that is both treacherous and -LRB- for those who understand it -RRB- welcoming . In the final quarter of the novel , the humans who have adapted to the world and the newcomers who want to exploit it are not playing well together . In that regard , Midworld develops a less-than-subtle pro-environmentalist message , one that cleverly transplants theGaiatheory to an alien world . The human inhabitants of the world take only what they need , and only after they emfol with the plant life to determine whether the plant is ready to be taken . The corporate outsiders are , of course , taking whatever they want , without regard to the world 's needs , and are thus -LRB- at least in Born 's opinion -RRB- set on a path that will lead to the world 's destruction . The heavy-handedness of the `` good versus evil '' storyline is offset in the final pages , which challenge the reader to reconsider the nature of good and evil in the circumstances that Foster imagines.Foster 's writing style is lively ; it occasionally has a literary feel that is uncommon in genre fiction . For that reason , and for the brilliantly conceived world that Foster envisions , this largely forgotten novel comes close to meriting the status of a science fiction classic . I would give Midworld 41/2 stars if that option were available .
 I 've read nearly everything Foster has written and this book is my absolute favorite -LRB- Into the Out of is a close second -RRB- The flora and fauna of this world is what grabbed my imagination and the different levels of the rain forest is very well thought out . I 'd love to see Jim Hensons production company make this into a movie
 Make sure you have time to finish this book in one sitting -- you wo n't be able to put it down . The story is different but holds to a basic logic that shows itself a little at a time as the story unfolds . The few loose ends are tied up neatly at the end -- it makes sense , but , what a concept ! I loved it .
 This book , like Heinlein 's Starship Troopers , is a book I keep reading again and again over the years , and for similar reasons . As previous reviewers have stated , this book is quite compact , yet rich and complete , and operates on several levels . It 's the description of a fascinating world . It 's an adventure story . It 's a character study . It 's a parable . The concept is intriguing , and the characters are multi-faceted . It 's a compact classic , and until today I had n't realized that Midworld had shown up in any other books . Those books -LRB- all of them -RRB- are going on my Amazon Wish List today.Read this book , and read Starship Troopers . Both are SO much more than bugs-in-space . They 're worth far more time than they actually take to read .
 I first read this book as a teenager , many , many years ago , and I still dig it out of my bookshelf every other year to re-immerse myself in Foster 's wildly imaginative world . He has such a great talent for inventing intriguing flora and fauna!Only two little flaws come to mind :1 . Midworld seems a little too lethal for any colony to survive long enough to discover the Home Trees and make use of them .2 . In Mid-Flinx , the author describes fire-extinguishing flora . They apparently do n't exist in Midworld because if they did , the corporation could n't have built their R&D ; complex .
 I just got a hold of an excellent library copy of Alan Dean Foster 's early Commonwealth novel `` Midworld '' and it 's brilliant . The only other novel from the so-called un-named planet is the equally brilliant novel Mid-Flinx . I happen to love rainforests as I work in an Australian one at the moment and the globe spanning rainforest covered in incredibly gigantic trees really intrigued me . The story was also an intriguing flag bearer for all environmentalists over the world without shoving it down your throat . In fact , most of Alan Dean Foster 's Commonwealth novels are absolute classics in their own right . A good example is his most unusual novel `` Sentenced To Prism '' . Silicon based life forms create an unusual planetary surface to say the least and the protagonist inadvertently shows us how you can become too reliant on technology while missing out on important life experiences . You can safely purchase these books if you enjoy world building like this . Enjoy mates !
 I have read this book four times , and each time I find something new that I missed . Foster does a fantastic job of immersing you in the ecology of another world , populated with wildly imaginitive creatures and processes . One of my favorite books , I highly recommend it .
 I read this years ago when I was a pre-teen , and it had me hooked on SF.Alan Dean has let me down time and time again since , but this book is a classic.You MUST read this one . It 'll be fun , and you wo n't be able to put it down.After finishing this one , try hunting down `` Dark Star '' , a movie-novelization that is almost as good as `` Midworld '' .
 I read this book way back in the 70s and it made a huge impression . Last night , I saw `` Avatar '' for the first time -LRB- yeah , I usually wait for movies to come out on DVD -RRB- , and like other reviewers of this book , I was shocked at how `` Avatar '' was more or less the same story . My significant other wondered how song writers can be sued over a handful of notes sounding the same as some other song , and `` Avatar '' just slides by . -LRB- Guess a big Hollywood name and tons of money are good for something . -RRB- By all means , whether you 've seen the aforementioned movie or not , read Midworld . It 's a great ride that leads to a truly surprising revelation . No , there 's no 3-D or knockout special effects in a book , but I 'd like to think the human imagination can beat the socks off enormously-expensive atttempts to replace it . The images and ideas of Midworld have stayed with me for several decades , and as an aspiring writer , that 's an accomplishment I would give my right arm to match .
 I have enjoyed this book for years . Imagine my surprise when Avatar , the movie , came out and the plot was essentially the same as this book . They should have given Alan Dean Foster credit for the plot . Loved the book , loved the movie `` Avatar '' . Since they are basically the same .
 Midworld is a great book . Foster does n't waste words here and all the `` fat '' that 's prevalent in later works is completely absent -LRB- of course its short length partly accounts for that , but no complaints here -RRB- . The result is an well paced , well written and highly entertaining piece of sci-fi .
 Good book . Very visual world.Would be a good movie . Has an Avatar type feel . The story pulls you in and never lets go .
 richer texture . Wonderful plot development and all the surprises are n't telegraphed . I think this might well be Foster 's best . I wish they had made this rather than Avatar . It is n't nearly as preachy and &#34; in your face . &#34; Great Sci = Fi lives .
 I found this to be a very refreshing book and actually a fun read . The characters are developed okay , but the world that is created is amazing . I also loved the language that the author used and found myself using the Kindle dictionary to look up words more than I 've ever used on a book before.At first , I was a bit surprised by the abrupt ending and some of the motivations and decisions made by the main characters , but after taking some time to reflect on it , there was foreshadowing well in advance and it does all make sense.This book really made me think about our world and how we live in it . It 's kind of eye opening in a way.The one negative I have is for the Kindle edition for this book . I 'm assuming that the mistakes were made in the translation to the ebook and are not in the original novel . Many times , one of the main character 's name is misspelled -LRB- Bora instead of Born -RRB- . There are also some strange characters thrown about and sometimes -LRB- admittedly , rarely -RRB- where it seemed like there were even words missing from sentences . I hope these mistakes get cleaned up in future editions of the Kindle version . This probably wo n't bother other people as much as it bothered me though , and even with these annoyances , I 'm very glad I read the book .
 Chlorphyllous cliffs and cellulose canyons ... . life erupts , no explodes in this verdant magma ... The prose and descriptions in this work defy the imagination . Place your self in the middle of a night in the depth of this rain forest world where trees reach heights of a quarter mile and everything that breaths or grows is poised to squeeze or suck the life from you . Blair Witch , beware of the forest mind , empathetic foliation and the child cloaked in indigo bunting .
 This is the best ADF story I 've ever read . Very tight , cohesive and entertaining , I found nothing wrong with this book except , perhaps , that it was too short
 I have read -LRB- and reread -RRB- this book for years . Always a favorite . After viewing Avatar I could only wonder if James Cameron had met with Foster . The movie is wayyyyyyyy too similar to this book . Be sure to read this book - it 's great adventure !
 I loved this book as a kid and Foster 's almost poetic descriptions ... Cameron is doing his best to quell people from bringing this up in public - even stating in an interview he will not ask Foster to novelize the movie script . In private , who knows . Foster hopefully gets some payment for this ...
 Midworld -LRB- 1975 -RRB- by Alan Dean Foster - 179 pages - rating
 Almost gave it a five ... say four and a half . Enjoyed the new world and the storyline , but I would have enjoyed it more if it had been expanded . It really seems like it could have spawned Avatar .
 I 've waited a long time to write this . I can count on one hand the number of books I 've read more than once . Midworld has the distinction of being the only book I 've read four times in my life
 One of my favorite books of all time . This is not a `` technical '' or hard SF book -LRB- which I enjoy reading these days -RRB- , but rather an explosion of imagination and world building . This book and Armageddon 2419 A.D. are the two books that I read as a kid that got me into science fiction - I have not looked back.The imagery and descriptions of the verdant world seem to take me there and I can imagine that I am in this world with Born - it is the reason why I have read this book so many times . This is a great book to get a child into the genre as every kid that I have recommended the book to has just loved it . A person does not read this book to be technically challenged or to be enthralled in a story with more plot twists that a twizzler . A person reads this book for the joy of reading .
 I remember reading this when I was young . I found it again on Amazon and bought it to share with my kids . A sci-fi classic ! I would recommend this to all kids , young and young-at-heart .
 I have been a sci-fi fan forever . I have read most of the old classics , more than once for many of them . This novel , however , stirs my imagination more than any I ever read ! The movie industry missed an real opportunity here ! As I read it , it plays out in my mind just like a movie ! The setting , the characters , the story ... it 's just spectacular . I read Midworld in hardback at least 6-8 times and have already read the Kindle version twice since I download it . Sci-fi fans , do yourself a big favor ... READ THIS NOVEL !!!!!
 That Elusive StoryHaunting , that is the only way I can describe the short story . I read a short story years ago , back in the late 80 's I had a collection of short Catholic Fiction , I read it ad enjoyed it , but there was a particular story that has haunted me . I can only describe it that way . Yet I no longer had the book . It was lent out and not returned back in the early 90 '' s and yet this story would come to mind again and again over the years . I did not know the author of the story , the editor of the book , all I could remember was that the book had a black cover with yellow writing.A few weeks ago I was at a retreat at Mount Carmel Monastery in Niagara Falls , and this story came to mind again . So I decided to try and find it . I did searches on Amazon.ca and Chapters.ca and tried to find the book . I searched ' ` Catholic '' and ` fiction '' also ` Catholic ' and ' ` Short Story '' and tried many other searches . Nothing matched what I remembered but there was a book from 1984 that they did not have a cover image for The Substance of Things Hoped For edited by John Breslin S.J. so I interlibrary loaned the book at school , and found the story I was looking for . It was called , The Warm Sand by J. F. Powers and was very much what I remembered . I also found out that it had been made into a novel that won the National Book award in 1968 so I am now reading the book Wheat That Springeth Green of which the short story is chapter 6 in the book almost exactly . I have posted the Short Story as the post before this one and would love your take on it . I have my prie-dieu and at times it has been used , but not as much as it should . Check out the story and tell me what you think .
 This little paperback -LRB- 31 pages -RRB- was published in 1993 , just before Chavez passed away at the age of 66 . It is probably considered out of date.But it has some great photographs of Chavez all through his life . It has a short , concise biography.What did I learn ? Chavez 's grandfather immigrated from Mexico and fathered 14 children . Cesar 's father was the last one to leave the family home and married rather late , at the age of 38 . Cesar did not like school , nor did he like the English language.He fasted three times for over three weeks each . This must have been tough and may have indelibly harmed his health.So , this book of course was published before Chavez 's birthday became a state holiday in California . And we hardly hear anything anymore about the United Farm Workers . That 's an area for some young person to follow up . Diximus .
 This book was absolutely fabulous ! The book is definately a page turner up to the very last page . Naomi weaves the lives of a dozen characters seamlessly . It was very modern and informative . There is a peak at the great exciting and the not so glamorous sides to fashion . The book explains cultural , racially , and international differences thoughts and traditions that just made me think about the role I play as a public viewer and a consumer . Even though it was a fictionalized story there were so many real to life examples of things that happen . It really made me think . I loved the characters , the designs , the designers , the talk of the clothes , romance , sexy scenes -LRB- without being trashy -RRB- , and the kindred networking and friendship between the women characters in the book . I also enjoyed the suspense . Naomi even gives humanity to the most unsavory characters . I hope that Naomi Campbell sends another novel our way . This book is a great read .
 A fictional story that portrays the ups-and-downs of 5 fashion models and their rise to the top . There is Cassie , the All-American blonde ; Celestia , an aristocratic beaty ; Gigi , the spunky Cuban immigrant and Amy , the second generation Jamaican . We also hear from Swan , the supermodel , who has her own story to tell ... . As we learn more and more about each one , their lives become intertwined ... . an interesting story and hard to put down !
 This is a very fascinating book that lets you see inside the minds of five unique characters -LRB- plus Swan herself -RRB- . It centers around the five amateur models on the shortlist to replace supermodel Swan for a cosmetics campaign . There are so many things going on in this book that it never has time to get boring ! The characters are written with excellent detail and realism and the story has lots of twists and turns . Impossible to put down !
 This book was absolutely fabulous ! The book is definately a page turner up to the very last page . Naomi weaves the lives of a dozen characters seamlessly . It was very modern and informative . There is a peak at the great exciting and the not so glamorous sides to fashion . The book explains cultural , racially , and international differences thoughts and traditions that just made me think about the role I play as a public viewer and a consumer . Even though it was a fictionalized story there were so many real to life examples of things that happen . It really made me think . I loved the characters , the designs , the designers , the talk of the clothes , romance , sexy scenes -LRB- without being trashy -RRB- , and the kindred networking and friendship between the women characters in the book . I also enjoyed the suspense . Naomi even gives humanity to the most unsavory characters . I hope that Naomi Campbell sends another novel our way . This book is a great read .
 This man is such an elegant writer , it 's sick ! And he brings a totally different perspective to the topic of Blacks in America at hand ... Sympathy vs. Hostility ... LOVED THIS BOOK !
 As I was reading this book , I had thought some of the same ideas in this book before reading it . The idea of ending racism , but not forgetting it . I know , it 's easier said than done . If we -LRB- people of the world -RRB- or let 's just start with the U.S. , were n't so thick-headed , I believe we could achieve this . A great read for those who do n't want to continue on the same catastrophic path of we 've been walking for the past hundreds of years . It can start with the present generation . Remember , whether you believe in a higher power than humans or not , we do have brains and have implemented far more complex notions .
 I love this book and it really expose the flaws with religion and our society .
 The man knew what he was talking about , when he said the U S would burn because of racial discord .
 My sense is that Baldwin wrote The Fire Next Time for anyone who had ears to hear , regardless of color or faith or gender . The emotional intelligence with which he speaks is riveting .
 A great book ! A great writer
 I was born in 1968 , six years after The Fire Next Time was published - I lived the period that Baldwin chronicles vicariously through my parents . There are few essayists who equal Baldwin 's gift for finding the right phrase to communicate a concept , both intellectually and emotionally . Indeed it 's the emotion that Baldwin so effectively weaves into his prose that gives The Fire Next Time its impact . At its core , this essay is a plea.Baldwin dissects the nature of Black-White relations in the early sixties . He rejects the both the pandering of White liberals and the separatist rhetoric of Black radicals as simplistic ; the former as condescending and insincere and the latter as unrealistic and reactionary . The conclusion that he reaches is that Blacks and Whites , whether they realize it or not , are locked in a symbiotic relationship , and destruction for one will mean destruction for both . Put positively , however , the key to their salvations are linked . No one is free until all are free.Baldwin focuses on two important anecdotes . The first deals with his seduction by the church , his brief career as a child minister , and his subsequent rejection of Christianity . The second deals with an encounter with Elijah Muhammad , then leader of the Nation of Islam . Both show religion as an escape mechanism , and both are told with a convincing immediacy and a sense of candor.Baldwin 's rejection of Christianity appears to be a crucial step in his awakening , and in his rejection of the beliefs that 60 's White society expected Black people to hold . The church for Baldwin was an escape mechanism , but having been consoled he soon fled the church , overwhelmed by its hypocrisy and abuses , both historical and current . He concludes '' ... whoever wishes to become a truly moral human being ... must first divorce himself for all of the prohibitions , crimes , and hypocrisies of the Christian church . '' In the end Baldwin refuses to accept Christianity 's -LRB- and , by implication , White society 's -RRB- definition of him as the descendent of Ham , cursed forever.Baldwin turns the same critical eye on the Nation of Islam . He 's sympathetic to the emotions and suffering that have pushed Black people into internalizing the NOI 's separatist rhetoric , but he recognizes that this will not be the salvation of the Black community . Baldwin writes '' ... the Negro has been formed by this nation , for better or for worse , and does not belong to any other - not to Africa , and certainly not to Islam . The paradox ... is that the American Negro can have no future anywhere , on any continent , as long as he is unwilling to accept his past . `` Despite his cutting commentary on 60 's White society , Baldwin in his heart is an integrationist . His rejection of the Nation of Islam and their philosophy is his rejection of the idea of adopting the very tactics that Whites have used against Blacks ; `` Whoever debases other is debasing himself '' , he states emphatically . Baldwin understands imitation and aggression as a tactic , but he finds awe not in an eye-for-an-eye , but in a community who 's dignity has produced children of kindergarten age capable of walking through a mob to get to their schoolhouse.Not every metaphor which Baldwin uses in this essay works , and he does at time stray in his musings , but as a snapshot of the state of America in the sixties The Fire Next Time is a powerful piece of writing . As I read this book there were passages with which I identified personally ; sentiments that I myself have felt but could never have articulated so effectively . There were other passages in which I was an outsider looking in . As a Black American reading this essay some forty years after it was published , this gives me a good yardstick as to how far America has come , and in what areas we are still lacking .
 James Baldwin caused quite a stir in 1961 when he published `` Letter from a Region in My Mind '' in The New Yorker , followed by `` A Letter to My Nephew '' in The Progressive the next month . He collected these two essays in this small volume , and it 's considered -LRB- along with `` Notes of a Native Son '' -RRB- his best work . His biting , heartfelt analysis on race relations flings its barbs equally at the legacy of American white supremacy and the duplicity of liberal white guilt ; although it was written more than forty years ago , it reminds us both how far we 've come and how far we have yet to go.Baldwin frames his observations around two thematically related biographical episodes
 Of all of the great authors of the 20th century , James Baldwin was probably closest , both in style and moral authority , to some of the prophets of the Hebrew Bible . `` The Fire Next Time , '' first published back in 1963 , represents Baldwin at his most impassioned . This book consists of an open letter to Baldwin 's nephew , along with an extended autobiographical essay . Throughout the book , Baldwin writes with insight and compassion about the complexities of race in the United States.Baldwin writes of his spiritual crisis as a teenager -- a crisis which led to his career as a youth minister in an African-American Christian church . He writes bitterly of his ultimate disillusionment with the emptiness and hypocrisy he found in the church . Baldwin also writes of his meeting with Elijah Muhammad , the fiery leader of the Nation of Islam sect and mentor to controversial Black leader Malcolm X.Baldwin 's testament is a harsh critique of 20th century Christendom . Reflecting upon the rise of the Nazis in one of the world 's most `` Christian '' nations , Baldwin declares , `` From my own point of view , the fact of the Third Reich alone makes obsolete forever any question of Christian superiority , except in technological terms . '' `` The Fire Next time '' is both an illuminating historical document of a turbulent era , and a superb piece of literary craftsmanship . All those interested in the art of nonfiction prose should take time to experience Baldwin 's mastery of the medium . But even more importantly , we should all take time to consider his ideas on race , on religion , on prejudice , and on hope .
 Originally published in 1963 , James Baldwin 's , `` The Fire Next Time '' , is an indicator of what society was like as many viewed it , and forces questions about the degree of change that has happened since he originally wrote the work . The position or the perspective of the reader , will greatly affect how each reader reacts . One issue that I do not believe can be doubted is that this is a powerful , and passionate book , written and published at a time the Author risked all manner of hatred and violence upon him . Published when Mr. Baldwin was 39 , the book is not the rose colored view of youth , nor the writing with an entire lifetime to reflect upon . It does not suffer from the first , nor does it fall short do to the latter . It is writing that will elicit powerful emotions by all those who read it.Great change for the better has taken place . Former Joint Chief Of Staff Colin Powell will soon occupy the most powerful post ever held by a person of color in this Country 's History . This was probably unmanageable in 1963 . However this example does not represent the state of change in our Society . As an argument for how much change has taken place for the better between the races , a person pointed out to me the march on the anniversary of the sick events in Selma Alabama , and the lack of any violence . My feeling was that if the President Of The United States had made the same march with the same people in 1965 , as the President did recently , the violence would surely have been different . The participation of The President and all that surround him tend to minimize Civil Rights abuse in his presence.There is no definitive measure of how much change has taken place , who is responsible , and who if anyone is to blame . The ease with which `` The Race Card '' is played by individuals of any color , at any level of our Country may not measure change , but it certainly does indicate that whatever change is needed is not yet completed.A very powerful work about a conflict that still occupies too much time as an issue in our Nation . This book is one man 's views , and his shared personal experiences . He writing is not the final word , but after 38 years , the fact that his work and his thoughts are still relevant , speaks for the work and the man who wrote it .
 This book by James Baldwin left me with more than just the simple enjoyment of a good read , but it also left me to think deeper about the issues and reasons behind racism and races , power and control , and the even the various proposed resolutions to end racism . In the beginning , Baldwin shares how he -LRB- and a lot of minorities -RRB- come into knowing racism as a child growing up . A lot of what he shared I can remember feeling or questioning when I was growing up . Baldwin also analyzes the solution proposed to end racism and also gives his opinion on what it would take for all races to actually achieve total equality amongst all . Even today , this book makes you look deeper into this issue and at the people involved and why we all act and react the way we do . Only after understanding can we begin to apply valid solutions . This book should be read by everyone .
 Searing , insighful work by a genius mind with awriting style so filled with grace that it evokes tears.Recognition fills every page . This book should berequired reading in every American school . Anyoneinterested in what a writer is , should be , can be , shouldexperience Baldwin .
 Illuminating aspects of our society , general human nature , and the human condition The Fire Next Time is a little saying a lot . Baldwins laconicity plunges at your soul . After this experience it becomes evident you have not read Baldwin but Baldwin has read you . Using his lifestyle as a backdrop Baldwins frank , pithy , profound work , demands to be read .
 This book was written during the civil rights movement and dealt with the issue of race in America . Through Baldwin 's efforts , I feel that the black community made tremendous strides in seeing who they really were . Blacks during this time were taught to be ashamed of who they were but Baldwin taught them to embrace the heritage and to love being black . Along with other civil rights leaders Baldwin preached the belief to love your enemy . Baldwin left behind a blueprint for future generations of what can happen if one race ignores another race 's needs and the chaos that can emerge from the ignorance .
 Beautifully written in prose form , Baldwin writes of race relations , and the awakening of one 's mind to the differences , perceived or otherwise , of race , color , and their political ramifications . Very candid , and yet ultimately subtle , too -- the book , which is written in the form of a letter , makes one think about the trials that many minorities -LRB- primarily African-Americans -RRB- go/went through and how far we 've come today ... and , yet sadly , how much further we have to go . This short book makes you think -- with your eyes wide open .
 Chris Rock -LRB- the famous , hilarious comedian -RRB- recommended this book in Essence magazine . After reading and subsequently re-reading this powerful book , I am convinced that racism will always be an issue for this country . As a result , this book has widely opened my eyes and patently directed my path as to what my purpose is on this earth . Further , it has sharply increased the acuity of my auditory skills in that I now carefully listen to what people are really saying or not saying to me , and thus , about me . No longer will I allow anyone to `` assault '' or `` murder '' me with their definitions and expectations of who I am ! Thank you Mr. Baldwin for letting me know that `` my house was on fire '' and what caused it .
 The Fire Next Time -LRB- 1963 -RRB- by James Baldwin begins with `` My Dungeon Shook '' , a letter to his nephew ; a ` let 's keep it real ' moment between elder and youth . Baldwin informs to his nephew that because of the color of his skin , white America has cast him in a role in which he has no control : `` You were born into a society ... You were not expected to aspire to excellence ; you were expected to make peace with mediocrity . `` The selection that follows , `` Down At The Cross '' , offers a flashback to Baldwin 's most impressionable adolescent years where he vividly recounts the state of affairs of black folk in Harlem : `` For the wages of sin were visible everywhere , in every wine-stained ... hallway , in every clanging ambulance bell ... , in every helpless , newborn baby being brought into this danger , in every ... fight on the Avenue , and in every disastrous bulletin
 James A.Baldwin Does n't Pull any Punches with this Blazing & Very Much Right on Time Book.this Book Speaks Volumes about the Continued Racial Divide in this Country.He Writes With Pure Honesty & RIght too the Point.He breaks things down to a Science.A Must Have & Timeless Book .
 If you want to know what is wrong with this country and how we got there , this book is a must read . A story of an American experience by a great American
 I felt that this book was very interesting . James Baldwin brought up some very interesting points that made me question and really think about how people are . Is it just human instinct that brought such hate against other people ? are we just afraid of difference ? Racism is still going on today , and its something that i fell will not ever be avoided . somewhere in the world , there is always going to be something . I think if people read more books like the this one , they would understand eachother and see things differently .
 I had to read this book , as many people told me if your a reader this is one you must not simply read but own . So I got it and started reading . It never really grabbed me , but I made it through . I plan to read it again within at a different time .
 This is the best book I have read concerning the color barrier . If you have not read this piece literature then you are missing out . Baldwin outlined his experiences , and unfortunately , in my read , gave a pessimistic viewpoint of society . After reading `` The Fire Next Time '' one can only agree with him . I also enjoyed `` Nobody Knows My Name ''
 Simply read it with an open mind and it will change your view of being a faith based person in a society that uses faith for convenience rather than sure belief in a higher power !!!
 I recommend as a quick but really deep book , that makes you think not only about racial matters , but social justice , your life , the people around you ''
 The Fire Next Time , by James Baldwin , was an college course assignment I had to read and much to my surprise I found this to be a very insightful book . There are so many psychological and existential insights that I did n't expect to find in this book , some of the things he said resonate very closely to existentialism . Reading through these insights truly resonate with my spirit . Not only was James Baldwin insightful about his personal life but his social critique was simple and penetrating in exposing the charade of the racial dichotomy of `` White/Black '' that is politically constructed to impose socioeconomic stratification based on arbitrary colors . Baldwin knew too well that while people may be their own free agents they are still part of the larger historical process and genealogy that deeply entrenched and influenced the way they interpret and understand the world . In a sense , there is a kind of helplessness that Baldwin saw in everyone including himself , the kind of helplessness of being susceptible to the historical forces and to our own unconscious anxiety of death.This is indubitably a very insightful and profound book ...
 My number one all time favorite book . Clarified many things about racism and religion in America , by the most eloquent voice I 've ever had the pleasure of reading .
 Perhaps the most significant indictment on racism in America written in the twentieth century , The Fire Next time ignites the mind and soul , causing the reader , whether black or white to reexamine the state of human relations in this country . With the intensity of a million flames and the insight of a prophet , Baldwin details the struggles faced by African Americans -LRB- American Negroes then -RRB- in a culture that has brutalized , vilified , and rendered us powerless . His insight into the white psyche and its dehumanizing effect on African Americans is frightening and yet as real today as it was in 1962 when this essay was published . How unnerving it was to read this book in 1999 and be faced with the realization that some 37 years later we as a nation are no closer to bridging the racial divide in this country.I particularly applaud Baldwin for his eloquent discussion of what must be done , by both black and white America to release this country from the shackles that prevent us truly becoming the greatest nation on earth -LRB- in deed , not just rhetoric -RRB- . I highly recommend this book as a must read for the country . In 1962 , Baldwin 's level of candor may have been somewhat off-putting to white America -LRB- the government considered him a Communist -RRB- , for the truth can be an awfully bitter pill to swallow . Still , it 's my hope that at that some point , white America will reckon with their own physiological , spiritual and political ills . Until then , African Americans must continue to hold a mirror before the face of injustice of this nation , while struggling to claim a place in a country that seems dead set on keeping us a drift .
 Now I have been , as is my wont when I get `` hooked '' on some writer , on something of a James Baldwin tear of late , reading or re-reading everything I can get my hands on . At the time of this review I have already looked at `` Go Tell It On The Mountain '' , `` Tell Me How Long The Train 's Been Gone '' , and `` If Beale Street Could Talk . '' Frankly those works , while well written and powerful , did not altogether remind me why I was crazy to read everything that Baldwin wrote when I was a kid . The Baldwin black liberation manifesto -LRB- and , maybe , white liberation as a by-product -RRB- , `` The Fire Next Time '' , `` spoke '' to me then and after forty years still `` speaks '' to me now in so-called `` post-racial '' Obama time.Back in the early 1960s I used to listen to a late night talk show on the local radio station in Boston . Many times the host would have Malcolm X on and the airwaves would light up with his take on white racism , black nationalism and the way forward for the black liberation struggle - and away from liberal integrationism . Now in those days I was nothing but a woolly-headed white , left liberal `` wannabe '' bourgeois politico kid who believed in black liberation but in the context of working within the prevailing American society . I was definitely , and adamantly , opposed to the notion of a separate black state on the American continent if for no other reason that it would look something like the then existing ghettos , writ large , that I was committed to getting rid of and a set up for black genocide if things got too hot . And I still am . So , on the one hand , I admired , and I really did , Malcolm X for `` speaking truth to power '' on the race question while on the other disagreeing with virtually every way he wanted to achieve it.Now that scenario is the predicate for James Baldwin 's assuredly more literary , but seemingly more hopeful , way of getting the thread of the Malcolm X message about white racism out while posing the possibility -LRB- or , maybe , necessity -RRB- of joint struggle to get rid of it . In my recent re-reading of `` The Fire Next Time '' I was struck by how much of Baldwin 's own hard-fought understandings on the question of race intersected with The Nation Of Islam , Malcolm at the time , and Elijah Mohammad 's . Oddly , I distinctly remember debating someone , somewhere on the question of black nationalism and using Baldwin 's more rational approach as a hammer against the black nationalists . I probably overdrew his more balanced view of a multiracial American then , if not now.Still , Jimmy was onto something back then . Something that airy-headed kids like me , who thought that once the struggle in the South was won then the struggle in the North could be dealt with merely by a little fine-tuning , were clueless about . Do n't smirk . But do note this
 This book would be an excellent choice for required reading for High School juniors and seniors . It deals with the real issue of race in a responsible , intelligent manner , in a way that is easily understood , yet not simplistic . We get enough cut-and-dried morality thrown at us , as well as much pathetically vague garbage about `` tolerance '' , but not many people in primary public education deal with the main issues straight on . Baldwin views things in terms of the long-haul , but warns that things can not remain as they are without serious repercussions . In a time when black youths have less and less to look to in the mainstream , I think it would be a great move to get this book put into the public High School curricula .
 I think Balwin is a renowned author that displayed his talent in this book .
 If this book offends you then it has done it 's job amazingly written and very enjoyable , makes you think about this nations future .
 James Baldwin is one of the great American writers of this century . Despite being written several decades ago , this book will challenge your ideas about contemporary culture , the ` racial barrier ' and how we got to where we are . If you are a Caucasian American you will find some of what he has to say difficult to accept . Get over it - this is the class you never got in school , the perspective no one ever taught you.If you like this book , try ` Another Country ' out . It 's much more of a novel , and attacks the same issues in a story format instead of a narrative .
 I admire this book . Here are some quotes from this striking work : If the concept of God has any validity or any use it can only be to make us larger , freer , and more loving . If God can not do this , then it is time we got rid of him.it is not necessary that people be wicked but only that they be spineless.theology and religion are used to sanctify our fears , crimes , and aspirationspeople tend to band behind something that takes away personal responsibility.to accept one 's past , one 's history , is not the same thing as drowning in it . it is learning how to use it . an invented past can never be used ; it cracks and crumbles under the pressures of life like clay in a season of drought.if one is continually surviving the worst that life can bring , one eventually ceases to be controlled by a fear of what life can bring .
 James Baldwin is a fantastic writer . I completely agree with his all of his main points and believe that they still apply today . His description of his meeting with Elijah Muhammad was the highlight .
 Although baldwin has had heaps of negative feedback for his writing-I enjoyed the book . It depicts the civil rights probably less malicously about whites than most books which is why he was critized but it was a good read .
 This is a brilliantly written , powerful , honest , and insightful book.It touches on some very sensitive topics in America , that many do not wish to discuss . Mainly , racism and historical facts and myths . Mr. James Baldwin was a genius , and anyone who reads this book will learn profound truths , and subsequently not be the same !
 Jokes can be both funny and cutting , and often it seems that women have been the victims of comedy more often than men . But jokes aside , this book of quotations demonstrates that even if the numbers are not equal , men too have been the target of commentary but amusing and attacking for centuries . The illustrations are simple black & white drawings of a `` Victorian '' style , rather satirically in itself considering the gender roles at that time . The book is organized on the premise that males are a extincted species and this is a pseudo-historical view of them by the survivors , females . The book has five chapters where the quotations are organized by subject and tone . I found it actually quite interesting but not necessarily funny , but them I 'm a historian and a feminist so I was over-analyzing the content , I 'm sure . I find it to be a good source for bitting commentary when I write some of my fiction .
 There are many 1-star reviews for this particular novel and I have to admit that I am rather confused . Many people lament the fact that Tess is somewhat of a weak woman , not a strong woman , defying Victorian convention and fighting for the rights of women . I 'm not entirely sure why Tess 's tragic and weak personality has people so up in arms enough to say that the book is terrible and unrealistic.Personally , I found this to be one of the greatest books I have ever read . I did n't find the text to be as easy to read as some of the other reviewers , and I was an English Lit major in college ! It is difficult to get through in parts , you will yawn every so often , but fight through it -- use your brain and you wo n't regret it!The story is tragic and offers very little in the way of an explanation for Tess 's extreme punishment . So if you are looking for a book about a woman who fights convention and social injustice , go read something else . If you want a story that illustrates the cruelty of fate , comments on the injustices of the world , or a shows how , if one does n't fight , one can be trapped by the past ... read this book.I certainly recommend it .
 This was the first Thomas Hardy novel I read , and it is still one of my favorites . The hypocritical late 19th century society views , and the strains they put on the human spirit . Hardy had a keen eye for what went on around him , and he was aware of how the old ways were being replaced - Edwardian enlightment was on it 's way but Tess is the symbol of land of Wessex itself , violated , forsaken , and like the wounded birds she finds , longing to be put out of her suffering , despite how she endures until her situation becomes even more unbearable . Christian versus pagan , rural versus urban , her true love 's struggle from his family 's religious views and the restrictions of society 's rules , end up costing Hardy 's herione more than himself . Young Tess Durbeyfield , daughter of a poor farmer , finds herself at the mercy of a ne'er do well scoudrel , Alec d'Urberville , thought to be a wealthy relative . The girls ' parents , in their naivete and ignorance , put their eldest child on a disasterous path in an attempt to improve their situation and trade on the ancient and noble family name . Tess 's situation makes her an outcast , after giving birth to the cad 's baby son who dies not long after birth , but she never asks for pity , and finds work at a dairy farm , only to fall in love with a provinicial minister 's son , Angel Clare , who can not forgive her past . Tragedy ensues at nearly every turn . *** some spoilers herein *** I think both men were unforgivable , both were terrible to Tess in different ways . Granted , Angel was nowhere near the controlling cad that Alec was , and yes Tess loved Angel . Alec thought his wealth could buy Tess 's affection and possession was love . For Angel , since Tess did n't fit his idealized version of her , and that she was n't a virgin -LRB- never mind the fact that she was raped -RRB- , he could n't bear that and took to the hills like a coward . His hypocrisy is maddening , especially since he considered himself to be such a free thinker and more open-minded than his pious family . He did see the error of his ways , returned her and they had a few days together before she was executed , but too little , too late . Tess is the most extreme victim in the novel , with Alec next , being the cause of her hardship and downfall , and for being the villain . And yes , I did say that Alec is a victim , a murder victim , but not an innocent victim . He had no qualms about manipulating situations , taking Tess against her will and using her father 's death , her family 's destituion , her husband 's desertion and her hardships to possess her . In a time when women had virtually no rights and the fact that he had taken her virginity and fathered a child with her gave him a totally wrong sense of ownership and his determination to get her any way that he could is what lead to his fate . Both characters are doomed , while Angel must live with the fact that his actions toward the woman that he loved led to this tragedy . Not that Alec had no part in it , if he had n't violated Tess and impregnanted her , no doubt there would have been a different outcome to her life and to his . But of course , there would have been no story , and no commentary on the standards of the time in the novel if those events had not taken place.There can be no happy ending , as this is a Hardy tale . But it makes its mark , and was immensely popular at the time of its publishing , despite the brutal critical response it received . The aching misunderstanding of longing love , the loss of innocence and a herione victimized by the standards of her era.A timeless masterpiece of literature . Tess lives beyond the pages of the book , as though Hardy knew a girl who embodied his most famous character . Worth adding to your library .
 Published in 1891 , this book was Thomas Hardy 's best seller , and has become a literary classic . This was why I chose to read it , and I must say that I really liked it.When the middle-class Durbeyfield family learns that they are genealogically related to the noble family of d'Urbervilles , they send their beautiful daughter Tess to meet them and possibly receive a fortune from them . Tess discovers the d'Urberville family is actually of no relation to the real d'Urbervilles , and simply bought their prestigious name while they made their fortune . Tess stays and works at the d'Urberville household , and gets to know Alec , their son , who , er , treats her quite badly . I wo n't give away any details , but Tess has to deal with the results of Alec 's treatment , and tries her best , though unsuccessfully , to move on.Though I do n't usually go for many of these sappy character dramas , I really like how Hardy brought forth this novel . One develops immediate sympathy for Tess and her plight , yet she can at times be a very strong woman . The character development here is fantastic . I also liked the way Hardy juxtaposes the issue of social class -LRB- I think there must have been a law in England that every book in the nineteenth century had to confront social class in some way -RRB- . Hardy also brings in symbols regarding Christian sin as well as paganism in this novel.I can see why some people would criticize this book as being slow or dull , but those readers would also probably say the same about any piece of 19th century British literature . I did n't find it especially slow , however . If you like books like Pride and Prejudice , Middlemarch , and Wuthering Heights , you 'll love Tess of the d'Urbervilles .
 I love the story of Tess . Considering many of the classics I have ever read , I think Tess is one of the easier ones to understand . The work itself is a masterful story . However , I take issue with Penguin 's version . The Notes are just awful - referencing back and forth from your place in the book to the back is a nightmare and many times is n't worth breaking your flow . Some of the Notes are helpful and even necessary to understand the sentence , but others are pointless and annoying . I recommend a different version , either without notes entirely or with more reasonable ones .
 I think part of the reason I kept so interested is because I had heard some horror stories about not being able to get through the book . So , in turn , I dilligently read and looked for the hard parts . I really did n't find anything . It kept my attention . I loved seeing the journey that Tess was on . I watched her character change drastically from beginning to end . It was fun to see that change . I will read more Thomas Hardy because of this experience .
 In today 's permissive day and age , it may seem far-fetched that ` Tess ' was received as a bit risque by the British readership of the time . To readers a century later , the tragic story of Tess is very moving , and the nobel heroine evokes extreme sympathy from us.The novel also artfuly portrays the dynamics of life in 19th century England . We are presented with a crude , colloquial variety of the English language then spoken , in stark contrast to the stuffy , self-satisfied brand of sophisticated English that modern authors and film-makers would have us believe is all - pevasive amongst the English , in contrast to the bland , pedestrian English spoken by their brethren overseas.Hardy artfully portrays the dynamics of rural life on an English dairy farm ; life that , despite the industrial revolution , is here probably not so different as it was centuries earlier.His characters are beautifully portrayed , with signicant depth . `` Tess '' , like the `` Mayor of Casterbridge '' , depicts the thoughts , hopes and dreams of those consigned to a rual existence ; those who are peripherally aware that the industrial revolution and the opportunities presented thereby , are radically altering life only a hundred kilometers away.Both ` Tess ' and the ` Mayor ' are brilliant tragedies . The astute reader knows that tragic events will ultimately prevail , but the dynamics , twists and turns of the plot in ` Tess ' , make it more of a compelling page turner
 There are people who will start reading this book then about 100 pages into it realize that it 's going nowhere fast . Take my advice and keep reading . It gets much better , and more interesting . The ending is really good , and might have even upped this review a star.ac
 There is so much to say for Tess . It is an extremely moving and powerful work . I do n't care what Aristotle says - it is tragic . Tess is one of the most real heroines I 've ever met . If you find yourself a little bored in the beginning - do n't give up . I almost did , but I am so glad that I forced myself to read on . By the third phase I was hooked . This work really makes one think about and question technology and religion . It also shows us the cruelty of the Victorian double standard . Read it ! But prepare yourself for the heart wrenching ending , i.e. - have tissues at hand .
 In case you are wondering , the novel it tied with is Dostoevsky 's THE BROTHERS KARAMAZOV.I have read this three times in three sittings . In case that is not clear , I mean to say that I have sat down to read TESS OF THE DURBERVILLES on three separate occasions , and did not get up until I had finished it . I once stayed up all night long to finish it.Just one of the great , irrestible book in the English language .
 First of all , I must admit I had a very difficult time grasping the understanding of most of what had happened in this book . There are so many hidden meanings , but I was glad that at the first read , I did n't dislike this book at all . The negative reviews on this book had given me a questionable doubt on the greatness of this classic , I thought I 'd dislike the book even before I read the first chapter , but I was enraptured in Tess 's wanting to belong and be loved .
 I am irritated and unnerved to see such poor reviews for Hardy 's novel `` Tess of the d'Urbervilles '' . Hardy 's style is not to everyone 's taste ; some argue that it is laboured and far too flowery , and this may be true in some cases , but the moral message and the profound nature of this novel far outweigh the archaic style of writing that Hardy chooses to adopt.The novel , as the title suggests , focuses on one woman in Victorian England . Her foolish and drunken father finds that he is the descendant of the ancient and landed family of the d'Urbervilles , and Tess is sent by her parents to meet one of her descendants in order to get some help from the family 's financial difficulties . Alec d'Urbervilles then seduces Tess , and she is left , with illegitimate child , to deal with the consequences.After her child dies , she finds work on a farm and falls in love with Angel Clare . She feels that she can not marry him because of her past , and , after his insistence , gives into her heart and marries him , although consumed by guilt . Eventually she confesses her past , and Angel leaves her , travelling to Brazil without her.This is not , as one reviewer described it , `` like a bad TV movie '' . Hardy 's novel is a comment on Victorian society . Tess is the ultimate victim , as many have pointed out , but she is not the victim because she chooses to be , but because society puts her in this position . Those who criticise her for being weak and being unlike any other `` feisty '' women in other nineteenth century novels forget that , unlike characters such as Emma Woodhouse and Lizzie Bennet , Tess was poor ; and that , unlike Jane Eyre , Tess was raped . Tess is the perfect example of a blameless woman who can not escape from the confines of society . Arguably the point of the novel is that Tess can not change how people perceive her , and , because she has no means to support herself , she has to hide the truth and battle on with the terrible injustice that has been done to her . Victorian society would simply have ostracised a woman who had had an illegitimate child and not married the father , no matter the circumstances , so I find it deplorable that people feel that Tess was spineless when she was placed in such an impossible position.Also , any new reader , and , indeed , any old reader who has n't accepted this point yet , should perhaps try to understand that Tess is suffering , throughout the novel , from terrible grief , guilt and depression , which is surely enough to earn anyone 's sympathy , not their scorn . Hardy did not invent a `` cocker spaniel '' of a woman ; she is a literary construct and is used in a wider sense to illustrate those taken advantage of in Victorian society ; and the only reason she comes back `` for more '' punishment is because she can not escape it , no matter how she tries.Additionally , it has been claimed that Hardy 's characters are one-dimensional and contradictory . I take issue with this . Alec may be one-dimensional in some senses , but he is an unremittingly unpleasant person ; it destroys the comment being making if Alec was an abused child , or in any way a redeemable person . And yes , Alec is turned into a preacher , but anyone who believes that he sincerely let go of his previous persona must not have understood his character properly . It is a perfect way of introducing him again into the story , and a perfect way to illustrate his own falseness , by comparing him with Angel 's father , who is the Good Samaritan . It is the contrast between what Tess could have chosen and what she did - in fact , arguably , not meeting Angel 's father is the only mistake that SHE makes -LRB- opposed to outside forces placing decisions upon her -RRB- . Angel on the other hand is in no way one-dimensional . Although his opinion of Tess does change rapidly , it is not unbelievable on careful reading . He likes to think of himself as a maverick and someone outside of society 's rules , but he is an excellent portrayal of how we all are constructs of our society . Angel , although he loves Tess , keeps referring to the fact that she is `` pure '' , which she is not -LRB- through no fault of her own -RRB- . This is a clear indication , early on in the novel , that Angel has painted himself a false image of his bride-to-be , and , for all his good qualities , he is as flawed as the next person . I fail to see how this is a shallow portrayal of a character.Tess is also not a nonsensical , weak being , but a beautiful , sad creation of Hardy 's used to show injustices , and highlight practises that should be stopped . Besides that , in her own right , she is a clever , melancholy character who really should inspire the reader 's pity.I have no objections with people who dislike this novel because they dislike the style or because they dislike some character development for sensible reason ; but when people decide to abuse a novel because they do n't seem to have bothered to read into it properly , I find it irritating to say the least . This novel requires people to put themselves in the place of another and feel sympathy with another person.One reviewer commented that the novel was ill-received when it came out , and should have stayed that way . The novel was considered offensive because of the implied sexual context and because of its criticisms of Victorian morals , but this does not make it a bad novel ; this means that it encourages people to think , to question and to re-evaluate . Any novel that is so brave as to find an injustice in society and write a whole novel criticising it deserves our praise ; and Hardy 's writing , far from doing the idea down , only helps to elevate the moral
 Having just finished this book a mere few hours ago the pain of it is fresh in my mind , but I 'm sure it will distract me for weeks , such is the intensity of this tragedy . The only other novel of Hardy 's I have ever read - Jude the Obscure - was a good book , stable and interesting , though not compelling until it 's heart-wrenching twist three quarters of the way through the book . It was , in essence , more a social commentary , so it was with some surprise that I absorbed the constant emotion and passion that was this book . The basic storyline is as follows
 This novel , contrary to some of the other comments , is a wonderful piece of literature . Although not the most uplifting , it is a great example of Hardy and Deterministic and Naturalistic fiction . Despite Tess ' best efforts -LRB- like Jude in the other Hardy novel -RRB- , she is unable to escape the poverty and misfourtune which she attempts to leave behind . Although somewhat lengthy , the novel is one of the better pieces of British fiction to come out of the period .
 Tess of the D'Urbervilles is an intensely depressing but brilliant depiction of the connections between love , fear , and guilt . The vivid clarity with which Hardy draws Tess as a vulnerable innocent struggling , and ultimately failing to come to terms with the merciless world makes this a masterpiece .
 TESS OF THE D'URBERVILLES is well worth reading ; it is one of Hardy 's finest works.In the beginning of the novel , Tess Durbeyfield 's irresponsible father is informed by a local minister that is a descendent of a noble family , the D'Urbervilles . Her parents -LRB- and especially her father -RRB- are greatly heartened by the news that they are , however distantly , nobility . Tess is therefore sent to her richer relations , the d'Urbervilles of Trantridge , to claim kinship and benefit from their superior finances.Upon taking her position as a bird-tender , Alec D'Urberville is captivated by Tess 's natural country beauty and seduces her . Tess is an innocent , and she returns home to bear her child . After bringing shame upon her family , Tess must attempt to build a respectable life out of a situation that denies her every particle of respectability she once had.Hardy writes in a rather long-winded , flowery style . His vocabulary is rich , but it can become tediously melodramatic at times . The plot of this novel is full of coincidences that seem rather implausible , but it is a wonderful portrayal of the prejudices of society . Tess is an absolutely heartbreaking character , enduring trial after trial silently , feeling it is her due.TESS OF THE D'URBERVILLES is a solid read , but be prepared to be thoroughly depressed and disillusioned with society at its finish .
 A question that often appears in agony aunt columns relates to the age old dilemma of telling , or not telling , your spouse about an affair with another . Hardy comes down firmly on the side of keeping it quiet . Tess , with excellent intentions , but misguidedly , spills the beans and comes to a sticky end . As her mother says , she is a ` little fool ' , though a very disingenuous one , to be sure . But there is much more to this book than that.I first read this book about 40 years ago and have revisited it a few times . It is an immensely powerful , brilliantly written , witty , devastating critique of Victorian morality , religion , and sexual hypocrisy that even today is immensely moving.If Hardy has a weakness , it is in the plotting of his novels , and you have to admit that perhaps there are one too many coincidences , but this is a small quibble.This is one of the greatest of all novels . To me it is right up there with Anna Karenina , so I have to give it five stars .
 One of my friends recommended that I read Thomas Hardy , but she cautioned me
 Some great discussions come out of this book . Thomas Hardy has a very distinct style , and uses the environment essentially as another character , so it may be beneficial to at least have some familiarity with England before reading . No one can read this book without having strong opinions about the characters , especially the two main men . This is one of the standout pieces of literature of its time and is well worth the read .
 `` Tess of the d'Urbervilles '' describes the experiences of a woman who , through no fault of her own , falls outside of the moral code of the Victorian era in which she lives and suffers long-reaching consequences as a social outcast . Hardy 's novel is carefully well-drawn , but the novel 's content demands far more than Hardy could acceptably give it in the nineteenth century . For example , the rape scene is only is carefully stepped around , inferrable only from the fact that Tess subsequently has a child ; Hardy also has to carefully frame some of the scenes , such as that of Alec d'Urberville 's murder , in order to avoid too closely examining the psyche of the criminal . Hardy 's writing is at its best in the scenes surrounding Angel and Tess 's estrangement - a safe enough environment - when he can freely move within the minds of his characters . In short , `` Tess '' is the stuff of a twentieth-century novel written in the nineteenth , which leaves some of the emotion that modern readers are accustomed to lacking .
 Even reviewing Tess makes me choke back tears . Hardy develops one of the most truely beautiful female characters in all of English literature ; then , like an evil wizzard , slowly tears her to shreds and finally grounds her into dust.A modern young woman growing up now might find it hard to identify with Tess . She is a poor farm worker and a product of the cultural changes at the beginning of the industrial revolution in England . But there is enough of a study of basic human nature here to make her story valuable to just about any reader.Hardy 's prose is gifted , deep descriptive narative and character development . You may end up loving Tess ; it 's hard not to hate Hardy .
 I ca n't believe how tragic this book is ! I picked up this book with an unexpected decision . The book I was supposed to read was Queen of the Damned , but then I saw this book and the cover appealed to me . So I decided I 'll read it . At first it was kinda boring , until the last 1/3 of the book , I was so depressed by it ... how fate was toying with them , and how their characteristic had decided their fate ... Anywayz , this is truly a wonderful book , either by plot , writing , background , history , religion , describtion , etc etc , it 's all with perfection . Read it , even though the beginning part might be kinda boring , it 's for you to understand it better.I 'd recommend this book to anybody , and if you like tragedies , you definitely * have * to read it !!
 The tragic story of a young pretty fresh-faced virgin woman hurt and tortured by two men and by the harsh , mean society in which she lives in to attain . Thomas Hardy 's most striking & tragic heroine , Tess is a woman of intense vitality and goodness , and posssibly the author 's favorite tragic female character .
 A chance discovery by a beautiful peasant lady that descendant from a thought to be dead noble family line of d'Urbervilles is to change the course of her life . Tess Durbeyfield leaves home on the first of her fateful journeys , and meets the ruthless Alec d'Urberville . Whom rapes her , as she suffers with the consequences of the attack .
 The world-renown greatest pessimistic writer , Thomas Hardy , has produced a weak , vulnerable , yet brave hearted female by the name of Tess , to accept and conquer her heart and pains . The death and love she feels , will make you want to rip your heart out . This is comparable to Jane Eyre , The Awakening , Madame Bovary , and many other first-female characters who have to overcome their hearts to understand and grasp the truth of life .
 Tess of the Durbervilles is a true great work of literature , one England writers and citizens can be proud of . Tess is a vulnerable , yet sweet and gentle young woman , who fell into the wrong hands , at the wrong time of lifee .
 Because of her fresh beauty - think Uma Thurman-she is pursued . Because of her sex - female gender - she is helpless . Because of her helplessness-being in female form - she is taken . She then is captured & violated . Because she is violated she is ruined . Yet , still a pure woman
 Tess of the Dubervilles is a classic novel that deserves much more credit than it is given . The average Stephen King/Sandra Brown reader will not be one that should read Tess , especially if they do n't order Classic Novels on their dinner menu . Tess is a tragic story about a tragic young female , who at glance may seen mentally insane/disturbed , but if you read deeply enough , feel her emotions , you 'll know that she 's just as sane as any one of us , she 's a pure woman .
 A compeling and creepy classical fiction to read . It felt like I was doing something wrong by reading Tess , even though I did not have a reason to believe why . But the bottom line 's that , from the first chapter until the last , you 'll feel as if there 's someone standing behind you , ready to hurt you . Your spirit feels free , that 's what Thomas Hardy can do to you as a person .
 Ok , the first time I too this book out of the library , I got halfway through it before I hurled it at the wall . I could n't stand the characters and I was so mad and frustrated with them I returned it without finishing it . A month later , it was drivng me crazy not knowing how the characters fared , and I took it out and finished it . But this time , I knew how to read it
 I first read Tess in preparation for my IB high school exam -LRB- 9 years ago -RRB- . Thus , like many other of the reviewers on this page , I was `` forced '' to read . I must admit that at first the reading was quite tedious . It must have taken me two months to read through the novel . If I had written a review after this first encounter with Tess I might well have given the novel a two star -LRB- ** -RRB- rating . I believe one of the explanations for this lack of enthusiasm is that I did not get along well with my English teacher and I felt that I could not allow myself to enjoy Tess , lest I let my teacher score an important victory.As the exam period itself approached I read Tess four more times with increasing enjoyment . The last few readings were truly enlightening . I knew exactly what I would encounter on the next page and yet I shuddered with anticipation , reacting to the words even before my eyes caught them.It seems clear to me now that the reason I enjoyed Tess so much was not only the familiarity bred by multiple readings but also the dissection of the novel in the classroom . I must confess that although we had problems getting along , my English teacher was excellent.The only advice I can give those of you who doubt Tess ' greatness is to muster some courage and give the novel another chance . Tess is on my all time Top 10 list along with The Grapes of Wrath , which , incidentally , I was `` forced '' to read in my high school English class .
 A must read . Thomas Hardy 's diction is unforgettable . Just like a Shakespeare play , every sentence must be savored . Despite the seemingly overwhelming amount of detail included , the novel is extremely readable . All this detail allows the reader to have vivid pictures of each and every scene painted in their minds . From the action filled beginning to the somewhat predictable but nevertheless fantastic ending , the reader will be on the edge of his or her seat , wondering what misadventure Tess will fall into next . The protagonist , Tess , can easily be classified as a heroine of the Victorian era . Her character is impossible not to love , tragically selfless , humble , and beautiful inside and out . The events of the novel make one feel an anger towards not only some of the characters , but towards what they represent and the society which they live in . From the misogynistic , deceitful character of Alec to the well-intentioned but foolish character of Tess 's mother , even to our main character , the wide eyed , innocent , ever altruistic character of Tess , every character has a statement to make about the world that Hardy places them in . And with Tess 's fatal flaw , one ca n't help but think of how applicable it is even in today 's time . Making bold statements on gender lines , social status lines , and the inevitability of fate , this novel transcends time . A quick recommendation-though at times the book may seem to drag out , it is certainly worth it to continue reading and finish the novel . Also , as the novel progresses , the wording certainly gets easier to understand .
 The stories and the characters may seem simple and dramatic , however , of the classic nature of Greek mythology , consistent with other books by the author , such as The Return of the Native , and the Mayor of Casterbridge . The essence of the book seems to me , is about the tragedies humans suffer , caught in the conflicts between nature and culture . The nature is harsh but straightforward as love is , but the culture presents hypocrisies and judgment , separating people between splendid star and blighted one . Whether to worship the sun , or to worship the standards of Judeo Christianity ? There are different judgments in wealth vs. poverty , religion vs. spirituality , men 's honor vs. women 's purity . And there is plenty of ambiguity in all of them but ultimately , the `` anachronism of love and chance '' leads the characters to classic tragedies in the end . Beautiful writing .
 The title character Tess journeys across the rural English countryside amidst a stark voyage of discovering exactly who she is . Her story is one filled with various sorrows , cathartic or otherwise , punctuated by only fleeting amounts of peace and happiness tossed somewhere in-between . It 's not an easy read -- nor is it meant to be -- for a few reasons . Hardy thrives on description , some of which might seem unnecessary to the modern-day reader -LRB- particularly the extended glimpses of the dairy farms -RRB- , though we do need to understand the Victorian world we 're in . Consequently , the author wants to garner as much support as he can for his protagonist , who loses her innocence quickly and spends most of the book scraping up the pieces of a wreckage that was never her fault in the first place . And these glimpses into her troubled consciousness ache and resonate with us a century on . So if we understand the atmosphere she has to contend with , we begin to understand Tess -- and sympathize with her plight and misfortune along the way.When the meat is torn off the skeleton , it 's a solid -LRB- albeit lengthy -RRB- read about the meshing and clashing of various characters in nineteenth-century England . The choices of some of the characters throughout , some of which might be construed as twists , are not entirely believable though add definite color to the work , especially the last two `` phases . '' These culminate in a conclusive ending that is both haunting and beautiful . This wo n't be for everyone , though if you can withstand some archaic language here and there , you might enjoy this tragic tale about love , loss , and a stringent society that tried so desperately to dictate both .
 This is a great book . The desriptions are beautiful . I was shocked to see how many people trashed it.Look , Thomas Hardy was portraying the tragic struggle of a simple country girl living in the 19th century . Women were n't treated well , let alone poor women . In my opinion , he spoke of Tess with tenderness and compassion . He was not trying to say she deserved all that anguish , but the reality is that that 's the way it was . If anything I think he was trying to advocate respectful treatment of women .
 I first read this book as a teenager . It has been a few years since I was a teenager , to say the least , but it will always stay with me as one of the `` best books I have ever read '' that is for sure . Among many wonderful attributes Hardy brings alive the English countryside so incredibly well . Tess struggles and loves so deeply and I wanted so much for her to be happy . I understand why and how she came to do what she did .
 This review is for Amazon.com - do n't read if you do n't want a spoiler for the ending . I loved this book - it had great character development , a truly elegant writing style , and a plotline that kept me enraptured right up to the end . Hardy 's forte was capturing the irresistability of temptation even with the most staunch of intentions . However , I 'm quite irritated at the amazon.com editorial review that gives away the entire ending . What 's up with that ? Thinking that Amazon of all places would n't be so daft as to give away the ending in the review , I was expecting the ending in the middle of the book and was sorely disappointed to learn that WAS the ending and that I had known it all along . Please update the editorial review and remove the details of the story ending.As for the ending itself , I agree with some of the other reviewers that the ending was n't quite as expected . While the plot of the ending was n't unexpected -LRB- especially having read the editorial review -RRB- , the turn of events and seemly strong character traits of Angel and Tess appear to have evaporated in an instant . While Angel had to spend a year away from Tess to work up to his acceptance of her prior transgression , he does n't seem to think more than a blink of her having killed a man . And Tess holds such a strong belief in her own low self worth , that she is unwilling to marry the man she loves for disgracing him . And then , kills a man without as much thought as deciding to boil a cup of tea . So , even though the writing style and the majority of the book were fantastic , the ending is the spoiler and the reason for only 4 stars . This book is still very much worth a read simply for the enjoyment of the journey .
 Just a fantastic novel . The larger issues it addresses , as is the case with Dostoyevsky and Tolstoy , are the very largest that we face . But the detail is also there , all the way down to every scent , sound , and emotion of the daily commute of a young milkmaid in Victorian England . That such strikingly detailed imagery sits easily atop the largest issues of our existence is a marvel . An amazing , important novel . One of the best .
 This is one of my all-time favorite novels . Hardy expects you to be intelligent enough to understand the classical references in his novel without having to explain them to you . Even if you miss all of those however , it 's still an excellent read . I would definitely recommend this book to everyone who enjoys reading.Eric Gundberg
 Exquisite writing , fascinating story , a rural English world so real it 's as if you 're walking through it , smelling every meadow and farmyard , hearing every hoof beat and raindrop , feeling the sun and the mist , seeing every color change as the light shifts . Readers who like Tom Clancy will probably find Hardy too slow . Readers who like James Joyce will probably find Hardy too old-fashioned . The more time I spend in Hardy 's world , the happier I am , even when the outcome is unhappy , as it is with Tess . It 's hard to pick a favorite of his books ; they 're all so wonderful , but if I had to choose only one to take to a desert island , this would probably be it -LRB- though a tough choice between this and `` Far From the Madding Crowd '' -RRB- . My husband and I dream of going to Dorset because of Hardy . I hope one day we make it . You simply ca n't do better than Tess of the D'Urbervilles . Also highly recommended is Roman Polanksi 's film `` Tess , '' probably the most faithful and beautiful film adaption of a classic novel ever .
 Timeless story of a woman and her struggle to care for those she loved . Fighting against the male dominated society of her time , Tess sacrifices her own interests to provide for her family and attempt to stay true to the man she loves . Hardy does a wonderful job of painting the landscape and using it to enhance Tess 's physical struggles . His portrait of Tess as a strong woman is balanced with her vulnerability , pure heart and hope for a better future.Norton 's version includes insight into Hardy 's background and the writing of Tess of the D'Urbervilles . Very helpful towards understanding the dynamics of the story .
 This book is a n excellent read . An intense story worth the time . You will not be disappointed . A great buy .
 This was probably one of the best books I 've ever read . Nothing could top Pride & Prejudice , but this is a real literary masterpiece . The way Hardy creates depth of character leaves you feeling utterly heartbroken ... like it was happening to one of your own loved ones ... or even yourself . Even Alec , as the antagonist , becomes something more than just someone you automatically hate.I would recommend this book to everyone that enjoys well written literature with captivating stories . However , I would say that is is n't at all for the faint of heart . I was nearly inconsolable for an entire night after I finished this novel , and I still find myself thinking about it a week later . Amazing book . Loved every page of it .
 The first time I read this book was 18 years ago . Despite it being a long book , I really enjoyed it . I could n't remember why , until I read it again , this time using the Kindle . I remembered why I enjoyed the book , but this time I enjouyed it more , because I could just carry around my Kindle .
 I read this book because it was quoted in the `` Shades of Grey '' trilogy . I like to read books other authors have read or recommended or quoted . I like reading period pieces and about the lifestyles of how people lived and viewed the world at different times in our history , and this book falls into that category . It 's a love triangle with serious characters and story line . Sometimes I make the mistake of thinking people were not sophisticated 2 hundred years ago , but they were and had difficult issues in which to deal within their cultures . As the author was an Englishman , there were loads of vocabulary learned with reading this book , but it was fun because it 's so easy with the Kindle to look up a word . It 's a story of innocence lost , love found , lost , found again , and ultimately lost again -LRB- and ever so tragically -RRB- . Sometimes I enjoy when a story ends not all tied up in a pretty little bow like this one .
 good cast , good story , nice to read in the true form ... ... ... ... ... ... ... . .
 Sometimes a classic is the best read . Long , enduring , artful descriptions and English prose make a great combination with love tradgey and human nature .
 This is a wonderful book to read . It was one of the first classics I downloaded to my Kindle & was not disappointed . Would highly recommend it !
 Loved the story . Hardy has such a wonderful way of spinning a tale and with great insight into the characters soul and personality . Many olde English words you ca n't even find in the dictionary . Not many words go to waste here .
 I liked reading it . After reading newer stories , this took me back to a time when there was no description on being intimate in this story . Kind of nice to know it and not visibly read it . I enjoyed her honesty .
 fascinating story of an ancient civilization
 This may be entirely shallow , but I bought 8 of these books just because I was obsessed with the cover design ... they look so great on the shelf , and I am sure they are good reads too ! I have only read one of the books -LRB- Wuthering Heights -RRB- and I liked it . I was planning on giving these as gifts , but now I am going to keep them ! My only qualm ... the pages are bright white , and I wish they had gone with a more `` vintage-y '' look on the inside to match the outside . But I guess they will get that with age ; -RRB-
 Absolutely so amazing , fun , exciting , emotional , drama , love , erotic , romantic , passionate , sexy book !! I Love the whole series of books !!
 This book was a true tragedy between two social classes and a girl who tried helping her family and herself at the same time , and yet she suffered for it in the end .
 This year I decided to reread some classics , and read some I never had read . This one was a little tough for me . I 'd be reading and have to backtrack few pages for the first time ever .
 did it for o level and at tertiary and still love the plot and thought put into this . a good book for the ages
 Poor Tess ! Life is hard from beginning to end for this poor girl.Ikept hoping something would work out for her but alas it never did.Still a great read another Hardy classic I really enjoyed !
 I have a hard time trying to get into the time frame of this , and other Hardy books . In the context , Tess seems to be the victim of an unreasonable expectation of purity , but it is her own actions and evasions that lead inevitably to catastrophe.Damn , Girl , whatever happened to the weekend hookup , and club sex ??? Only say &#34; yeah , I did him , get out or get over it . &#34; and all the troubles go away.Love her nonetheless .
 WONDERFUL DISCRIPTIVE NOVEL . HEARTWARMING & HOLDS YOUR INTEREST . HARD TO PUT IN DOWN . WOULD READ IT AGAIN . CREATIVE WRITING BY AN EXCELLENT AUTHOR .
 This book was mentioned in the fifty shades of grey books . I really enjoyed this book . Nothing like finding another book to read while reading !
 This was the first book of Thomas Hardy 's , and I read it in my English class . The book is , at times , difficult to read , and it is filled with Biblical allusions that the average reader may not comprehend . Nevertheless , it is a powerful story , one that I would highly recommend . Beyond the story is Hardy 's description of the English countryside , which , in themselves , are masterpieces . Granted , it is not an idealistic in tone , but still , it is an astounding novel . Anyone who does not read Thomas Hardy is doing themselves a disservice .
 The classic tale of Tess of the D'Urbervilles is a deceptivly simple story . What at first appears to be a story of a young woman becomes a symbol of nature versus the mechanical world , love and hate , and good versus evil.The pure , sweet , young Tess is at odds against the world and in seeking to aide her family in their struggle to survive she becomes entrapped in a new world of deciet , betrayal and pain . Her quest to ask the aide of recently discovered , distant kin leads Tess unwillingly into the arms of Alec her `` cousin '' and from this action her life falls into a spiral of difficulties . Her misdeeds and those of others lead again and again to trials in her life . Hardy creates wonderful full-bodied characters and sets into motion one of the greatest stories of a woman of all time . Ideas of love , hate , betrayal and the nature of the world all mingle to make a superb novel .
 `` Tess of the d'Ubervilles '' is the story of a young and innocent woman who wants nothing more than to live a happy life . Every time Tess comes close to happiness something goes wrong . By the end of the book the emotional stress of Tess 's life is clear , leaving the reader sympathetic to her misfotune .
 After reading Tess of the Durbervilles I could not help but feel a little disapointed when I finished it . I could n't tear myself away from it . I absolutely adored Tess 's manners and her `` cousins '' annnoying manner of Tess 's sweet temper . I always wondered wether if Tess and he would get together throughout the entire novel.Boy was I surprised !
 This is a tragic , timeless story . I was in awe of Hardy 's ability to flesh out this woman , Tess Durbyfield , and just give her total realism . The other main character , Angel Clare , is also brilliantly flawed , and shows you that in real life there is no such thing as a prince charming . If you can sit and work through the sometimes tedious 19th century style of Hardy , you will come away from this book moved . That is , unless you 're a high-school chap too busy worrying about whose going steady with whom to care about anything important .
 This book gave me an insight into myself . It opened my eyes and my heart to the good and bad of this world . It 's and excellent book in every way , and I would recommend it to most readers . It 's one of my favorites .
 The tragity of this book was astounding ! You just have to buy this book ! I felt like ripping out the pages and buying Tess of the Durberville books for my friends at the same time . This book presents plenty of mixed emotions . If your a weak person , emotionally , try read a softer Hardy book like THE MAYOR OF CASTERBRIDGE , other than that , grab some tissues , and be prepared to control your emotions , it 's one heck of a crazy rollercoaster ride .
 Tess of the Dubervilles is a truely tender and fascinating book that deeply feels the human heart . This is not a book for the average Daniel Steel - Stephen King reader . Tess is highly reccommended only for those who can respect and understand great literature that has lived through decades of readers and prints . One is left thinking , pondering what sort of a person Tess was . An adolescent who remained one in adult hood ? Or a child who has had many experiences-good or bad - to consider her part of the elder human race .
 Thomas Hardy is a beautiful and horrible writter . Beautiful for how he uses words to for sentences to form paragraphs to form a book . Yet horrible on how he can do such a thing to his characters . Tess 's death reminds me of Lady Jane Grey , age 15 , the queen of england for 9 days . A beautiful and intelligent being , died innocently from a hanging . Jane Grey died `` a true Christian woman . '' Tess `` dies as a pure woman . ''
 About fifteen years ago , this book was almost universally considered Hardy 's great masterpiece . However , times have changed and its relevance is not as immediate as that of Hardy 's last novel , Jude the Obscure . Still , the message of this book is far from foreign . Hardy 's gift for creating sympathetic characters seems infinite in magnitude . His prose is unique and at times more harrowing in tone than Conrad 's . This book would be a great introduction to the work of one of the great masters of English Literature .
 Everytime I picked up this book I wanted to scream to Tess to reveal to Angel her true self , because only then could her romance with him be the perfect one she so long sought . Hardy tells it well , attempting to understand the ridicule and unjustice women had to endure at the time . Although he could never fully percieve a woman 's point-of-view , I thought he did a good job expressing the trying times women had ; those that women have overcome .
 any woman can both despise and admire tess at the same time for her weaknesses & her strength . under such repressive conditions of the victorian society , i believe that she handled her blighted situation as best she knew how ... theres so much more to say , its a terrific novel .
 No one else can write such a forceful story with a forceful plot as well as Thomas Hardy can . You feel pain , grieve , and above all respect for the characters in a sense . This book just gives off vibes of wonder , no book has this same power.Everyone should read TESS OF THE DURBERVILLES or at least something by Thomas Hardy at least once in their lives .
 Hardy 's Tess of the d'Urbervilles is intellectually stimulating with its literary allusions and captivating storyline .
 Thomas Hardy is as close as the novel ever got to Shakespeare , and this is his ` Midsummer Night 's Dream ' -LRB- or nightmare -RRB- . It is a pastoral - the set-piece descriptions of nature -LRB- the play of light at differing times of the day , the verdant plenitude during Tess and Angel 's courtship , the astonishing effect of bonfires at dusk etc. -RRB- are among the most overpoweringly vivid in literature , genuine word-painting - and an anti-pastoral , with even the natural world infected with poisonous , unnatural social conventions , with the growth of Talbothays petrified into the sterile limbo of Flintcomb-Ash . As in Shakespeare , there is a conflict in ` Tess ' between the surface , linear plot , which tells a transient , austere tale of some people whose existence is short and ultimately barren , and the movement of the imagery , eternal , self-generating . The abundance of the latter makes the relentless grimness of the former just about tolerable -LRB- although the Flintcomb-Ash section is painfully unreadable -RRB- - as in Shakespeare , the burden of sexuality and emotion denied by society is placed on the natural world , on the language and the imagery , so the emotional deprivation in the plot starkly contrasts with its potent , lubricious surroundings.The plot is not ` realistic ' , but ritualised and patterned , set in heavily symbolic , paganistic sites , human nature stylised in pageants and tableaux . The climactic part , where Hardy twice startlingly changes narrative point-of-view , ushers in a new age of anti-Victorian fiction .
 A true joy to read , Tess of the D'Urbervilles is filled with situations that paint pictures of real life . Hardy knew that Tess ' reality was filled with enough emotion and drama that there was no reason to add to it the things fairy tales are made of.When reading Tess of the D'Urbervilles you are brought into the story by Hardy 's suberb way of sketching the scene . Though Hardy 's descriptive writing can sometimes be hard to digest , his choice of words allow you to enter the landscape and smell the glen yourself.Overall , an excellent book for the more ambitious reader , and for the one who is n't afraid of the less popular unhappy outcomes .
 Tess of the D'Urbervilles by Thomas Hardy is one of the best books I have read in the past five years . It combines love and tragedy wonderfully . The characters leave memories enbeaded inside your mine . Especailly , Tess and Angel . Their love for each other is magical . It truly is a wonderful love story . By saying this you have to have a thought-provoking mind to understand the different subject matter . That is why most people read the book because you have to think and it is a sad story . I personally had to read it for class , and what honestly surprised me is the cleverness Hardy portrays to make his heroine more real rather than just another character . The way that it starts off how Tess and Angel do n't seem like they are going to get together and how they eventually do . When they finally get together Tess has a confession to make to Angel . In the book we find out that Tess may have been raped or seduced by Alec . We are not sure but Angel leaves Tess because either way she is n't pure anymore . This is so hypocritical of Angel because Tess forgave him for having an affair with an older woman in London but he does n't forgive Tess . So basically he 's a jerk to be blunt with it . Eventually Angel forgives his wife , Tess and they leave Brazil . Tess goes back to Alec and murders him , so she can be with Angel without any worries . Due to this they hid away but get caught and the tragic ending comes . Tess is exacuted for what she has done.I like how the plot is not really `` realistic '' but follows a designed pattern , using heavy symbolic means . Hardy writes the book to leave an effect of you . You feel Tess 's agony and confusion . You want to help her and wish you could show her the right path to take . I found myself talking to her when I read the book so she can do the right thing . That shows how Hardy gets you really involved . Difficult or not , if you like to read , I strongly recommend reading Tess of the D'Urbervilles . It is deservinly allowed to be called a classic . Hats off to Hardy .
 Thomas Hardy is a master craftsman . With the help of words that fit the sentences like a key into a lock , Hardy ensnares his readers like a spider traps a fly . Such is the power of Hardy 's prose . `` Tess of the d'Urbervilles
 This tragic tale of a women plagued by an unfortunate past is truly one of the saddest tales ever writtn . Thomas Hardy 's skill in tying the parts of the story together is meticulous . The commentaries and other supplemental information contained in this edition are informative and helpful .
 What is the point of reading classic literature if all you are going to do is analyse it ? What a waste . Hardy , Austen et al would be turning in their graves if they knew that their work would be treated in this way by self-proclaimed experts . Classic novels are to be enjoyed ; they are written for the satisfaction of all readers , not just to massage the egos of academics.Yes , I 've studied classic literature , and it is n't the genre I am typically interested in . However , `` Tess of the d'urbervilles '' is the novel that has inspired me to give this genre another try . I found it to be incredibly moving ; dismissing the idea that it was poorly written . I 've found English literature too stifled by its own airs and graces , but this is not the case with Thomas Hardy . He paints a picture of great hope in a way that allows us to empathise -LRB- unlike some of his contemporaries -RRB- with the characters of a different era.I recommend anyone who wants to start reading classic English literature to begin with `` Tess of the d'urbervilles '' . You will find it an easily accessible read . It is beautiful , hopeful and tragic .
 A love story that has all of the makings of a made for TV movie . Tess goes though so much and is treated so unkind that you immediately feel for her . If you like the thought of an undying love , but do n't fancey the Harlequin Romances then you 'll love this . I cried at the end ... and I do n't cry over books .
 My kindle is making me do this ... One two three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve thirteen
 I ordered Tess of the d'Urbervilles during school vacation week and immediately received an email from Amazon telling me of the estimated arrival time -LRB- about one week -RRB- . So you can imagine my surprise when I received it two days earlier than expected without having to pay for an extra shipping charges . I was quite amazed at the speed at which Amazon was able to send me my product . Something else worth noting is that my item was n't damaged at all -- as I would have expected if it arrived here much earlier than I intended it to.Overall , Amazon is great at sending items and allowing you , the customer , to stay up to date on where your item currently is .
 This is an amazing book , the story of a poor English girl that finds out she is an decedent of a French aristocratic family . Tess is put on a quest by her father to visit France and to research her heritage , there she finds a deceitful mother and son wrongfully living in her rightful house . Tess is eventually raped by the son , she then returns to england pregnant and ashamed . There she begins work as a poor milk made , eventually Tess falls in love with a preacher 's son named Angel . Tess gives birth to her son , naming him sorrow , but the baby dies shortly after birth . The deceitful son who raped her eventually tracks Tess down to a hotel on the English West coast and confronts Tess , but Tess in rage kills him . Angel seeing what Tess has done , then flees with Tess across england and eventually ending up at Stonehenge . There at Stonehenge they fall asleep and when they wake up , the police are there . The two are taken off to prison , and the last seen of the book is Angle watching the prison flag go up , signalizing Tess 's execution.P.S.-RRHS-Kasa-Thiel-Hasty
 I have to agree with some of the other reviews . This is one of the best , if not the best , novel ever written . 5 stars is n't enough .
 There is many ways to look at this book and how it corolates to his Hardy 's life but the point is I think he wanted to make this a beautiful work of art . And it is . Many girls who went through tough times in life can relate to this like I have . It might not be dramatic as this book but I have been in many situations that were unbelievable and `` soap opera - ish '' and I have seen all sorts of people and I do not misjudge people because everyone at one point in their lives do things out to character . This book is good and I ca n't say well written but it is a good piece of art .
 It was really a great book , but what is Tess 's problem ?!? She is just too trusting and dependant . And Angel . He 's seriously got issues . I mean , come on ! He liked Tess just because she was perfect !! DO N'T GET ME WRONG , THE BOOK REALLY WAS GREAT !!
 Bought this product under the impression it was dish washing soap . Tried it anyway and it worked really well . My dishes have never sparkled with quite so much luminosity . Highly recommended .
 HARDY HAS A MAGICAL WAY OF CREATING A CHARACTER THAT EVENTUALLY BECOMES REAL TO US . REAL IN THE SENSE THAT WE CRY WITH HER , WE EMPATHIZE WITH HER AND MOST OF ALL , WE WANT THE BEST FOR HER . TESS HAD PERSONAL QUALITIES THAT WE OFTEN FIND IN OURSELVES WHICH EXPLAINS OUR NEED FOR HER TO FIND HAPPINESS . OBVIOUSLY , THEN EXPLAINING OUR SORROW WHEN THE POOR SOUL EVENTUALLY SUBMITS TO HER UNHAPPINESS BY KILLING HER LOVER . HONESTLY , CAN WE SAY THAT WE WOULD NOT DO THE SAME IN SUCH HOPELESS CONDITIONS ? THERE GO I , BUT FOR THE GRACE OF GOD . -LRB- HENCE , THE REAL SOURCE OF OUR SYMPATHY . -RRB-
 This book is most definitely a classic ! At some points the dialog is a little , difficult to interpret but push through because there 's very touching story here .
 Very well written , I enjoyed stepping back in time and stepping into a true love story ! I cried for Tess and Angel .
 This book is part of my resolution to read the classics . It is wonderfully written . The service from amazon is wonderful .
 It is sad how women used to be treated in these times . Still , the book was well written and insightful
 Loved the drama . Also loved not knowing what was going to come next . Kind of sad about the way it ended , but still thought it was great and wonderfully written .
 When a stray dog appeared in our yard sixteen years ago , my late husband named her Tess . Why ? She was a dark lady of uncertain origin.I had seen the TV series but had never read the book , sad to say . I found myself transported into a different world and time . I was mesmerized , yet I shared the undeserved pain Tess endured . I longed to help her find happiness and hope.I urge others to allow themselves to leave their every day troubles and share your days with Tess for a while.P.S . My Tess is still with me.We are slower but each day counts .
 This is a classic book that I have always loved and now can read on my Kindle . Glad to see it free !
 What a wonderfully tragic love story . This is a tale that I will return to again and again . Perseverance is Tess ' strongest trait
 I bought it because it was mentiones so much in Fifty shades of gray , that I had to know Tess ! Great book , very refreshing ! The characters are so lovable !
 Tess of the D'Urbevilles , by Thomas Hardy , is a wonderful novel , which tragically and poignantly follows the ill-fated life of its heroine , Tess Durbeyfield . Through his exquisite use of imagery , his reflection of Tess in nature , and the continuing thread of tragedy which he weaves throughout the novel , Hardy is able to present to us one of the most memorable figures in English literature . Despite her sincerity and integrity , Tess is forever destined for disappointment , and Hardy 's immensely lucid and descriptive writing allows the reader to appreciate this . I would recommend this tremendous piece of fiction to any readers interested in reading the work of a brilliant Victorian author , or for those who appreciate the paradox of sadness and beauty represented in the figure of a strong protagonist .
 In Tess of the D'Urbervilles , Thomas Hardy employs nature as a tool in helping him depict and develop the tragic nature of his protagonist , Tess . At least two aspects of nature are central to achieving this end
 I do n't understand why everyone else who wrote a review did n't like this book . It 's one of the weirdest yet greatest books I 've read . It 's up there in the pile with Jane Eyre ! From my point of view , the majority of people who wrote a review where FORCED to read the book in school , and people do n't like to be ordered around . I picked this book out myself at a bookstore and thank myself for doing that , it was a last minute decision to buy this book . What teachers should do is recommend books , not make students read them , it kills the interest in a book . This was a nice blend of tragic and weakness . Usually a book has a fierce female fighting the mean , crude , bad man . But this book was different , being a weak girl and innocent man , and being different is just like thinking differently , and that 's good .
 This book wo n't be for everyone . Yes , it can be too contrived , too convenient , too melodramatic , but you must take into consideration the time in which it was written . If you give in to the the story of Tess , you will be rewarded for it is a well written story with complex characters that define Hardy 's style .
 Hardy 's use of tragic irony can be compared to that of Romeo and Juliet , though his profound pessimism about human life can seem a little extreme . His style of writing is beautiful , but a little drawn out.One theme that can be found throughout the book is that of the hunt . Tess is a hunted animal , pursued by a cruel world and a society that can accept the evil of men , yet rebuke women for their mistakes.Tess -LRB- cause and effect -RRB- : Because of her beauty she is pursued . Because of her sex she is helpless . Because of her helplessness she is captured . Because she is captured she is violated . Because she is violated she is ruined .
 Tess of the D'Urbevilles is one of the true literary greats . It 's heroine is a charachter that one can always empathize with and as you travel through the book you find your self lost in admiration for this strong , honest woman.It is ultimately a tragic novel , but never sinks into hopelessness . The heroine is not self-pitying and through all her troubles her hope and compassion shine through . It is a book about hipocrisy , love and the struggle to survive.Quite simply , the most beautifully crafted novel I have ever read . READ IT .
 My favorite book of classic literature , Tess had me crying and begging for more . Hardy unfolds this tale with true genius . Filled with love , hate , depression , and happiness , Hardy does an incredible job of displaying human emotion . I heartily recommend it without second thoughts
 Classics are forever new . I first read it as a teenager and loved the romantic side and now as a senior citizen I see the social side of the relationships .
 I do not get all the negative reviews on this book , this has to be one of the best books I 've ever read . A tragic tale of Tess Durbeyfield , a young woman of pure spirit wronged by society and forced to live in shame , even though she was the victim of a crime -LRB- rape -RRB- . The story ebbed and flowed like a long running soap opera until its tragic end . The author 's use of prose was lyrical and magical . I wished I had marked my favorites to quote now . Maybe next time I read this.Highly highly recommended .
 I read Tess of the d'Urbervilles for the first time recently . It definitely was a well written , very interesting and thought provoking book . I really liked it . Now I can see what my best friend has been raving over for so long.It really gives an in depth portrayal of the character 's feelings , thoughts and desires . When Angel finally repents and sees how he is wrong , it is too late . Tess has already fallen back into sin with the man who caused her to fall many years before . Once she finds out Alec has deceived her , she not only despises him , she kills him . I just thought it was a good way to say that there are always consequences for our actions . I kept wishing the whole book that she had told Angel about her past before she married him . It would have spared them a lot of grief . I think he would have handled it better and hopefully been man enough to forgive her . It would have saved a lot of the grief that came later . What was really bad was how hypocritical Angel was when he confessed his own sin , she forgave him ; yet when she confesses hers , he cast her out of his life . I could see the viewpoint that it really shows human error at it 's best.Maybe I am wrong in how I took this novel , but these are my views.All in all a very very good read .
 It has come to my attention that this novel is required by American and Canadian highschools - which is why some of the ratings are so poor . Infantile criticisms by teenagers -LRB- who might change their minds later -RRB- disrupt the rating system used by Amazon . The fascinating aspect of Hardy - in this work , as well as in others is the manner that Charaters and setting intertwine . Relationships are seemingly established but what renders Hardy a literary tragedian is his capacity of substantiating the relationships into pre-determined moulds ; the ending is somewhat predictable but the psychology leading to it and how it is developed is the interesting part . My only problem with Hardy is how he characterizes Brazil - Curitiba and then follows with him being in Rio de Janeiro . I would have liked to see more written about the actual experience there - but that is a minor complaint . PS - for some of the readers out there
 Tess is such a weak character , one you 'd love to hate . That 's what makes this book so appealing , you want to hate her , but you ca n't . From , Meredith
 When John Durbeyfield first discovers that his family is descended from the D'Urbervilles of British aristocracy , it seems like his poor family 's key to freedom . He sends his older daughter , Tess , to live with the D'Urbervilles , unaware that the current family of D'Urbervilles are imposters.At the home of these imposters , Tess is raped by the eldest D'Urberville son , Alec . She flees and gives birth to a child conceived by the rape . The infant dies and Tess buries him in secret.In an attempt to escape her past and start anew , Tess takes a milkmaid job at Talbothay 's Dairy where she meets and falls in love with Angel Clare . Angel is a beautiful man who loves Tess deeply , but when he proposes to her , she is torn between lying to him by omission versus telling him of her past with Alec -- a choice that would likely alienate him in the strict morals of Victorian Britain.After they are married , Tess breaks down and tells Angel of her shameful past . Angel ca n't cope with it and leaves Tess penniless to travel to Brazil . When both Angel and Alec return to her , she is faced with the choice between them and the disastrous consequences of her decisions.Overall , I was disappointed by the lack of theme . The story is just unrelenting bleak , which would n't have bothered me except there did n't really seem to be a point to it . A lot of the text is spent repeating things that really did n't need to be repeated , especially in the entire section devoted to the lead-up to Tess agreeing to marry Angel . We knew it was going to happen , so I quickly lost interest in all tension-building that did n't really build any tension.I guess it might have been about the tragic fate of principled people . Tess is a moral woman , she desires only to be happy -- and both lead her to nothing but tragedy . I realize this was a bit cutting edge in the late 19th century when people wanted their stories to have happy endings no matter what happened in the middle . But explorations on the unfairness of life are only realistic if they rest on the capriciousness of fate . Murphy 's Law just does n't kick the hell out of people like it does to Tess.There is the class confusion element ; the `` what constitutes a true gentleman ? '' ; the critique of basing the aristocratic label on either blood or money . But , really , I 'm getting burned out on the theme that poor people are just inherently better than everyone else . It 's not realistic so it does n't do much for the development of a class conscience.There is n't even any feminist theme . Men dominate Tess her entire life , but this is n't the factor that leads to any of Tess ' problems . Her problems are shown to be entirely the work of cruel fate -LRB- who apparently has it in for her to an extreme degree -RRB- . Do n't get me wrong . I did enjoy the book . This is just what really prevented me from really loving it . I did enjoy the story and the writing itself . I just think there are better classics out there .
 I did not lose any weight , however . I recommend `` The South Beach Diet . ''
 A classis that will never loose its appeal . Read it along with 50 Shades of Grey to make the comparison as she does in the book .
 Tess of the d'Urbervilles is an outstanding piece of literature . It follows the struggles of its protagonist through life in the 1900s . Anyone who is interested in literature to the slightest degree must read this novel . It is captivating , spellbinding , and heartwrenching . Rarely do I cry while reading a novel , but I was weeping throughout this book . The incredible journey Tess goes on is unmatched by any other piece of literature to date .
 I 've not reviewed any books online , but after reading Mulcaheys review , and his note that the book was only rated three stars -LRB- average review -RRB- I am hoping my addition will push the book its proper place.Hardy is the master of off-timing between his characters , and the tone of the book -LRB- as one review notes - sad -RRB- should not weigh in when considering the place this book should hold in the history of English literature.It is certainly regrettable that he gave up novels for poetry after his early feminist views received a moderate amount of criticism . I wish he had a written a dozen more novels , even if only half as compelling as this title .
 This is truly one of Hardy 's best books ! The story is of a young girl -LRB- Tess -RRB- who 's father finds out that he comes from the old great family of the D'Urbervilles . So the family sends Tess to one of their relations to ask for money but also Tess ' mother knows that at the house where she is going to be staying there is a man named Alec and she hopes that Tess and he will marry . Alec is tempted by Tess and seduces her after she has been working at his house for a while . Tess has the baby which soon dies . Tess goes to a dairy farm where she meets Angel , a higher class well edgucated young man . These two fall in love and marry . On their wedding night he confesses to her a bad part of his past and she tells him about her child . Angel can not forgive her and leaves . I will stop here beacause I do not want to ruin the book for you , but I will say this it has a whollop of a finish and you will be surprised !
 I purchased this book after seeing the A&E move . I love this story passionatly . It is so easy to identify with Tess , hate Alec and be ashamed of Angel . I only hate that Tess has to pay for her wrong doing as it is so hard to sympathize with Alec or to find anything redeaming in him . I love some of the passages in the book that show Tess 's ideals , compassion , and proud nature , like when she takes sympathy on the injured quails by puting them out of their misery . It is odd but it shows part of Tess 's selfless nature and endears her to the reader . The story also has much to say about hypocrisy with out being preachy . It is one of my all time favorites .
 I love Thomas Hardy 's characters because he allows them to be fallible , allows them to be unduly influenced by the rigid thinking of the time in which they live . They make bad decisions , and suffer for them , and we suffer along with them . How refreshing!This book is incredibly rich , and there would be much to discuss in a class or book group . I actually think one of the most interesting characters is Alec d'Urbervilles . He is utterly contemptible , of course , but he goes through such changes in the book that he 's fascinating to watch . A great bad guy.Not surprisingly , Tess 's and Angel 's theme , the Double Standard one , shows up all over the place . I caught 3/4 of Sweet Charity on TV last night , remember that one with Shirley McClaine ? Great dance numbers . She confesses her past in a fit of passion , and guess what happens ? A scene certainly as heart-wrenching as the one in the crumbling d'Urbervilles mansion.If you love classics , what are you waiting for ? It 's worth it , as are Hardy 's other novels . If you are new to this sort of thing , reading it for a course or a class , you have a treat in store . Happy reading .
 Thomas Hardy 's novel makes a heroine out of a simple girl . Tess Durbeyfield , the daughter of a nearly extinct noble line , leads a life of heavy responsibility where her impoverished family is concerned . At the behest of her parents , she seeks assistance from the D'Urbervilles who are , supposedly , relatives . This assistance yields disastrous results and Tess feels compelled to find work as a milkmaid where she meets Angel Clare , the son of an evangelical pastor , who is gathering experience in order to become a farmer.Hardy does a splendid job of illustrating Tess 's strength as she goes from innocent girl to pure woman . Though she is not as educated as Angel , in terms of theory , her experience with Alec Stokes D'Urberville has given her a deeper knowledge of life and acceptance . Ironically , it is this experience which captivates and , predictably enough , repulses Angel.Hardy 's narrative is a powerful one in this particular tale . It is clear that this is Tess 's story and we , as readers , witness her painful journey . Through his subtle and understated use of irony , we come to realize the hypocrisy of Angel and wonder about the diabolical nature of Alec.What Hardy does emphasize in this novel is the unwavering hand of Justice which allows the novel to come to a bittersweet end and lets no one escape its strong , yet objective , sense of judgement .
 This is a wonderful book written by Thomas Hardy . When i first bought this book I had someone with me that said it was n't very good , but I bought the book anyway and am now really glad that I did . Tess is such a sweet woman who has bad luck within her life.The man who abuses her and the man who loves her and can not forgive her . It is a beautiful romance story with a unforgettable ending . I almost cried after reading this book and it has now become my all time favourite.You really should read it . Thomas Hardy manages to tell the tale magically and Tess will forever be in your memory .
 Tess , a naive and young girl whose one night relationship with her cousin Alec ruins her life , is a great example of a woman in love who would do anything for her husband and nothing for herself . Tess is a great book to read . I NEED HELP AND SOON IN LESS THAN A WEEK I HAVE A TERM PAPER ON TESS DUE -LRB- THE CONSEQUENCES OF MOTHERHOOD BEFORE BEING WED IN ENGLAND IN THE 1800 'S AS SEEN IN TESS -RRB- PLEASE IF YOU HAVE ANY MATERIAL THAT CAN HELP ME EMAIL IT TO ME . tHANKS IN ADVANCED !!!!!
 Even with a `` weak '' leading woman , that 's what makes this book so different to read from other books out there . I do n't think Hardy had a thing against women , it 's just the way he wanted this woman to be . A fatal lover , Tess proves to be stronger than one would think she would be . The short scene before her death at stonehedge just emphasises this woman 's -LRB- how do you say -RRB- weakness ? I ca n't describe how wonderful this book is.Tess of the Durbervilles is Thomas Hardy 's equivalent towards The Ambassadores by Henry James . Both are flooded with metaphores . Both take time to read to digest the words.It 's just sad to see that some people do n't know how to appreciate a long beloved Victorian Classic . They should read it again , and hopefully understand it the next time .
 I read this book soon after I had seen the A&E mini-series . Reading the book after watching the series gave me a better appreciation for the dialect -LRB- s -RRB- Hardy uses throughout the novel which could be a little difficult to decipher . Very good book overall .
 I picked up the audiobook -LRB- unabridged of course -RRB- at the library and gave it a listen . I could n't put it down ! -LRB- In a manner of speaking . -RRB- His characters are three dimensional and flawed in a way that makes you believe in them all the more for it . His descriptions of social mores and customs , as well as class structure , and pastoral England are well worth the read . There are some classical writers whose work I slog through , and some whose work I parcel out slowly so my enjoyment lasts longer . Hardy would be in the latter of the two groups . If you enjoy Thomas Hardy , I would recommend Moll Flanders by Daniel Defoe .
 For those beginning to read the classics this one is a great hook . While the characters are complex the story is linear and the allusions are simple enough to follow . One ca n't help but hope Tess 's life will somehow turn out right although knowing it will not . The burdens she encounters seem to do little to stop her from moving forward . Life seems so unfair to her , but Hardy handles her masterfully ; indeed it is safe to say Hardy loves her more than God does .
 I found myself disecting each paragraph and reading sentences over and over again , with no reason to may I also add . There was so much meaning behind everything , so much depth and wandering.Unlike many readers , I do think Tess to be a heroine , she was strong enough to tell Angel about her past , which haunted her and she knew that it would have affected Angel and her 's relationship.Vibrant and alive , this tale jumps down your skin .
 This was my first Thomas Hardy book but it will not be the last . Tess of the D'Urbervilles is now one of my all time favorite stories . It 's so hard to recommend a book that is at times utterly painful , but it 's the effect it has on you that makes it so awesome . I was actually weeping audibly at times . These characters are so real you feel as if you know them . I found myself yelling at them as if somehow I could intervene in their lives . Thomas Hardy is a poetic genious with the ability to create people and places vividly awake in your mind . Is there anyone out there who can write like this anymore ? When I say haunting I mean I was effected for days after I closed the book and placed it back on the shelf . This is a classic work of fiction that can not afford to be missed . Read it ! You will be better for having done so.On a lighter note these penguin classic hardcovers are amazingly beautiful . They are my new obsession . This one is no exception and the notes in the back were so helpful .
 Tess is a novel written by a man about a woman who is mistreated by other men until she defies the men 's acts with a crime conceived by the men 's cruelty inflicted upon her . In short , it is a passionate statement about man 's cruelty to a woman.This book understands the differences between man and woman , and for the most part , it is not complimentary to men . Exceptions exist . `` The sun , on account of the mist , had a curious sentient , personal look , demanding the masculine pronoun for its adequate expression . `` And during the hard times inflicted upon her , Tess refuses to reproach those men who made her life a miserable existence . It starts with her father , whose newfound nobility engage him in a mead house where he misses a deadline , requiring her to carry on the family business , which results in a horrible accident and family economic loss . From there , she must endure hard work , be sexually mistreated by an employer , move away from her castigated self from a problem to which she had no cause , live a life as a simple milk maid , and then marry.When she marries , it seems that all is well . But , her husband , when discovering during their honeymoon that her flower was violated -LRB- even though without permission -RRB- by one before him , immediately exiles himself to Brazil and leaves her in poverty and public humiliation . Her life is not good - and she knows it
 `` Tess of the d'Urbervilles '' , first published in 1891 , is set in Dorset -LRB- or `` South Wessex '' as Hardy called it -RRB- during the latter part of the nineteenth century . It tells the story of Teresa -LRB- `` Tess '' -RRB- Durbeyfield , a beautiful and innocent country girl who is seduced by a wealthy gentleman , gives birth to his illegitimate child , and is eventually , after numerous vicissitudes of fortune , hanged for his murder.This was a controversial subject in late Victorian England , although perhaps not as controversial as we might think . Today we like to flatter ourselves that all great nineteenth century writers were effectively twenty-first century spirits avant la lettre , voices crying out in the wilderness against the hypocritical moral code of their contemporaries , and therefore doomed to be misunderstood by a scornful bourgeoisie . The truth is always more complex than that . In the case of `` Tess '' , the subject of illegitimacy and unmarried motherhood was not unprecedented in English literature ; Dickens , for example , had dealt with it in `` Bleak House '' , as had Elizabeth Gaskell in `` Ruth '' . The reception afforded to the novel was by no means uniformly hostile ; indeed , Hardy himself admitted in the preface to a later editions that `` by far the majority '' of reviewers had `` generously welcomed the tale '' . Hardy was a countryman , and all of his novels are set in the rural area of South-West England which he named Wessex . He had not only a deep feeling for the English countryside but also the ability to convey this feeling in vivid descriptive prose . This is not , however , mere description for description 's sake ; the landscape becomes a vital part of the structure of his novels - at times it can almost be regarded as a character in them - and Hardy uses description of the natural scene in order to amplify his descriptions of his characters ' feelings.There are two passages in `` Tess '' which particularly exemplify this . The first comes when the heroine , following the death of her illegitimate son , is working as a dairymaid on a farm in the Frome valley in southern Dorset ; it is here that she meets Angel Clare , the man who is to become the great love of her life . The second comes when Tess has been abandoned by Angel , after he discovered the truth about her past , and is forced to find work on a farm on the Dorset Downs , slightly further north . The scenes set in the valley take place in summer , and Hardy 's writing is dominated by images of heat , of ease , of fertility and of luxuriant growth , symbolising the burgeoning growth of Tess 's hopes for her future happiness . The scenes set on the bare , stony Downs take place in winter , and the imagery is of cold , of hardship and of bleakness , symbolising the dashing of those hopes.In this novel Hardy 's powers of description are matched by his powers of characterisation . There have been few , if any , male English novelists who have had such a gift for creating memorable female characters - Dickens ' heroines are pale and insipid by comparison - and Tess is perhaps his greatest . The author used to speak of her as though she were a real person , and wrote `` I have not been able to put on paper all that she is , or was , to me '' . If it were possible to fall in love with a fictional character , I would have fallen in love with Tess and so , I suspect , would most of Hardy 's readers.Another feature of the book is that it reads as both of its time and timeless . It is not set in some unchanging Arcadian landscape but in the real English countryside of the late nineteenth century , a period of rapid social change . Agriculture was becoming increasingly mechanised ; one key scene takes place while Tess is operating a steam-powered threshing machine . The position of the traditional landed gentry was being challenged by the rise of a new moneyed class , a phenomenon illustrated by the history of Tess 's own family . The start of her tragedy is the discovery , by a local antiquary , that she is a descendant of the aristocratic and once-powerful d'Urberville family , of whose surname her own is a corruption . Her seducer goes by the name Alec d'Urberville , and Tess mistakenly believes him to be a distant cousin , but in reality he is neither a relation nor an aristocrat , but a parvenu . His father , a wealthy financier from Northern England , changed the family name -LRB- originally Stoke -RRB- when he purchased a Dorset country estate.The countryside has also been changed by new learning and ways of thinking which have challenged the power of old ideas . Although Tess is from a poor family , she is significantly better educated than her parents ' generation . Hardy describes the gulf between Tess and her simple , superstitious mother Joan as being as great as that between the Victorian and Jacobean eras . Angel , the freethinking son of a pious clergyman , represents the growing force of religious scepticism , although his views on sexual morality turn out to be just as puritanical as those of his father 's generation . Indeed , Angel 's Puritanism may be connected with his personal philosophy ; he seems to have kept the Christian injunction to hate the sin while rejecting that to love the sinner.The book 's timeless quality derives partly from Hardy 's prose style , formal even by the standards of Victorian novelists -LRB- although Hardy can be demotic when writing dialogue for his rustic characters -RRB- . This style is characterised by an elevated vocabulary and by allusions to the Bible , to Greek and Roman mythology and to Shakespeare and other English poets . These allusions help to create the idea that Tess is not just a Victorian country girl but also a tragic heroine comparable to the heroes of Shakespeare or Aeschylus . Tess 's downfall can partly be attributed to the social structures of her day , which made it all too easy for a rich man like Alec to take advantage of a poor girl , but also to a tragic flaw . She may be pure and innocent , but she is also a poor judge of character , too besotted with Angel to realise how priggish and self-centred he is , making excuses for him even after his callous rejection of her.Having recently reviewed Manzoni 's `` I Promessi Sposi '' , widely considered the Great Italian Novel , I started wondering what might be considered the Great British Novel , and thought I would celebrate my 100th review for Amazon by putting forward my own candidate for that honour . The book is a complex one , both in terms of its plot and of its themes , and there has not been space to do full justice to these aspects in this brief review . What I have tried to do is to set out some of the reasons why Hardy is my favourite novelist and why I regard this as the greatest of his novels . I can not think of another novel with so loveable a central character , nor one whose plight has affected me so deeply . This is a work of immense emotional power .
 I rapidly read this book in high school for a test the next day . I knew that I wanted to read it again because it was so good and I was missing the subleties . I loved it . The theme is that our lives are goverened by what we think of ourselves . Poor Tess was so wrong , but for the times understandable . Hardy writes without including the graphic details , but the story remains . A story that is suspended in time .
 Thomas Hardy , who wrote Tess of the D'Urbervilles , also wrote one of my favorite poems , The Blinded Bird , and another wonderful one called The Darkling Thrush . He has beautiful gift for words , character development , and emotional imagery . He has some vivid descriptions of the passion of love and the beauty of life . As many critics complain , Hardy seems to view life with some skepticism . He seems to believe that life is hard and people sometimes are not treated fairly by the very ones who should be there to help and protect the hurting . This philosophy parallels the feeling of many people that the Church has hurt them . A friend of mine wrote an impassioned essay about the personal pain she and others had experienced through transgressions of the Church.The difference is that she recognized a loving , all-knowing God who loves us deeply and whose love is sometimes not reflected in his people - whereas Hardy 's story reflects the world 's perception that a callous church represents an absent God . Still , I detect in his writing a subtle thread of hope as reflected by the hope of his characters , though not by their plight . I appreciated this book because it made me realize I am the hands and feet for the people in the world whose hope is gone.Anyone who hurts for others will be as greatly frustrated if you read this book . But you will also gain so much if you keep the perspective that God is in control and cares deeply about every person 's plight . In this story , I see the undying faith Tess had in Clare as a picture of the way our faith in Christ should be , and the kind of love I want to have in another person.Tess ' pain would not have been so hard to bear if the church had acted toward her as Jesus acted toward tax collectors and sinners in Luke 15 , and as the people in those three parables acted . If the Church had applied the anxious determination of one who has lost an important object , Tess would have received the support she needed during her time of hurt . It makes me ponder the question
 The story is well known ; one can choose from many editions or printings . If given the choice , choose Norton Critical Editions for the classics.This edition includes factual background provided by Hardy 's pre-eminent biographer , Michael Millgate , who opines on the `` originals of , and models for , Tess Durbeyfield . '' Absolutely fascinating.Critical essays include contemporary criticism
 This book will capture you and pull you in as you follow Tess Durbeyfeild , the blameless rape victim whose tragic jounrey through Wessex , England brings her love , despair , comedy -LRB- yes , there is some -RRB- , friendships , tears , self-awareness , empowerment , but ultimately tragedy.This book is sad ... yes , but Thomas Hardy 's poetic prose litterally makes the insides of the reader do summersaults . This story printed on the pages of `` Tess '' are more than a novel , they are a portal into the world of a blameless woman . You 'll feel the pain of these characters , escpeically our heroine Tess .
 One favorable evening , Tess in her white garb attends May-Day dance in sleepy town of Marllott . A passerby not used to sophistication will incline to notice her . It is not the extravagance , nay the ostentatiousness of the girl 's beauty , but the softness in spirit and demeanor conspicuous on her big , beautiful eyes that sets her apart . The same passerby endowed with experience will not pinpoint Tess among the young , comely girls as someone prone to vicissitude of tragedies . Unfortunately , this is not the case.Tess Durbeyfield later known in the novel as Tess d'Urberville is the hapless victim if not the heroine of this tragic tale . Born from poor parents , she is whisk away to work for the rich d'Urberville family . There she meets Alec , the handsome scion of d'Urbervilles clan . His incessant seduction of the young maiden results in violation of her rights . Forlorn , she returns home to the embarrassment of her parents and her neighbors . Stripped of clear prospect in life , she travels miles and miles away to be a milkmaid . While in the vast dairy field of Thalbothay , Tess falls madly in love with Angel Clare , the fledgling agriculturist of noble descent , convinced to make the newcomer his wife . Thus the journey that leads Tess from one farm to another is side by side with her lamentations over the two Englishmen and becomes her heart 's landscape that stretches beyond endurance.Hardy , an architect by tuition , molds his male characters in an anvil of insensitivity . Their frozen hearts incapable of thawing by burning tears of a woman 's pleading . As to his female character like Tess , Hardy constructs her similar to obelisk with solid foundation of faith that gradually narrows at the peak.Unsurprisingly , Victorian society scorned Hardy when this novel came out in 1891 . The way he chose to describe Tess and her violation were less subtle in comparison to Eliot 's writings . At present society however , Thomas Hardy is as impeccable as the clock ticking on the wall . He is in command of his story as if time is in command of denizens elsewhere . Under no circumstance he pauses to please his readers . He continues and takes them where nothing exists but the certainty of time .
 Tess of the D'Urbervilles is among the best novels I have read when judged on its purely literary merits . Hardy 's command of imagery in his creation of the nuanced satire of society and the values it imposes upon Victorian women is outstanding . And , Hardy uses nature to structure the novel and reflect the plot . He is also able to introduce a fatalist approach to the characters ' actions that flows seamlessly with his characterization of them . However , Tess is more than an invaluable piece of English literature.Tess of the D'Urbervilles is also a strong insight into the forces of nature that shape our lives . It is a tale about the unlucky girl Tess , who has to endure suffering on two fronts
 I read this in about 8 hours . I loved the prose , the descriptions , the whole feel of the book . I have to say I have a hard time with the type of heroine who just lets things happen to her like this . You know the characters I am referring to -- I mean this book was kind-of like an 8 hour train wreck . I knew what was going to happen , well , at least that it would n't have a happy ending . But the writing is so great I could n't help myself !
 This book has touched me in a very different way than many others have . It is a tragic story and envelopes the reader in a different kind of sadness - a sadness which one can not pull out of quickly or just draw aside . Many thoughts contained in this book are worthy of reflection . Each lingers in your heart . The happy moments are all tinged with a bitter taste . Each character is flawed as a natural human being and each mistake they make reflects on their future and affects them drastically . Tess Durbeyfield is one of the most tragic characters I have ever read of . From the moment she leaves her home to the supposed D'Urberville relatives , she is pushed into catastrophes and heartaches that just lead to more doom . I recommend this book to any reader who is willing to undergo the myriad of emotions that accompanies Tess 's journey through demise . It is not for the flippant , unconcerned , and unsympathetic reader . Everything that happens to Tess happens for a reason , and the reader must be able to realize how each affects her to appreciate this book . Read this book and expect to ponder on many philosophical wonderings . This book WILL affect you ! It is worthy of any person seeking a deep and life-affecting novel .
 My review is based on the Oxford Classics Edition.Thomas Hardy seems to have been interested mostly in sad , unhappy characters who lead troubled , disappointing lives , struggle against fate , and lose . There is beauty in artistically represented sadness , though , and notably so if we are only spectators . I am not giving away the ending by writing that `` Tess '' is a sad novel . I think most people who choose to read this book do so because they know it is a sad story , or they have read Hardy before . In my case , I had to read it for school , and what truly surprised me is the ambiguity that Hardy so masterfully portrays in order to make his heroine more of a real person instead of a mere character . By the book 's end we really do not know whether Tess was raped or seduced by Alec ; whether he took advantage of a sleeping girl and forced himself upon her , or she allowed it in a moment of weakness , tired after a strenous day and grateful to him for `` saving '' her from the other workers . However it happened , Tess 's life is radically changed after the fact and this event will have grave consequences for her and Alec.The ambiguity is troubling with the entrance of Angel , the hypocrite who falls in love with Tess because she looks angelic , virginal , and beautiful as a child , but rejects her when she tells him that she is not a virgin -LRB- therefore not a child -RRB- anymore . Her other qualities are there , but Angel equates purity with virginity -- something many people still do when it refers to women -- so he can construct a perfect excuse for his terrible behaviour towards the woman he has said he loved . In spite of the forebodings that Hardy drops before Chapter 35 , this particular chapter , at the beginning of Phase the Fifth , is very powerful and almost surprising in its intensity . The level of troubling ambiguity goes up several notches at the end of the novel , when it appears that Angel may indeed get his `` little girl '' as a replacement for the one he just lost . `` Tess '' is a sad and beautiful story . There is much more to write about this novel , but I have decided to concentrate on what Hardy seems to have intended when he wrote so beautifully about so sad a theme , but in such an ambiguous way . He calls Tess `` A Pure Woman , '' and she is that . But as only a truly great writer would , he does not present her as an outright victim
 I was supposed to read this book 25 or so years ago in high school . It was heavy going , and pretty meaningless to me at the time . It has come to be one of my favourite books , and I have read it more than once . The thing about hardy is that the sense of place , and time is so evocative . I have lived as an adult in Dorset - hardy Country , and recognise many of the locales he writes so beautifully about . More astounding is that some of the social mores and economic system -LRB- indentured labour , tied villages -RRB- still exist . Like Dickens , coincidence plays a heavy hand in Hardy 's plot development , a contrivance that is a little agitating to the modern , more cynical reader . Still , I find it entiely appropriate to an era when people were most often trapped in a life dictated by circumstance , when free will did n't play nearly as large a part as it does now , in a Britain where there was no place for a meritocracy , class and social station being everything . Some vestiges of that are still very evident in English life -LRB- Royalty representing the apex of the class system -RRB- . Tess is a classic , well worth the effort on a number of levels - the rhythm of language , and what it says about its time and place .
 But if you get the Wordsworth Classics edition , do n't read the introduction until you finish ! I 'm going to make this standard practice for all classics from now on . I was hoping for some background on Hardy but before I even realized what had happened I 'd read a summary of the entire story in one paragraph , plot twists and all . And it really did ruin the climactic last couple chapters for me . I hate it when editors / publishers assume that if a novel is famous and critically acclaimed then the reader must already be familiar with the story . Completely false
 A question that often appears in agony aunt columns relates to the age old dilemma of telling , or not telling , your spouse about an affair with another . Hardy comes down firmly on the side of keeping it quiet . Tess , with excellent intentions , but misguidedly , spills the beans and comes to a sticky end . As her mother says , she is a ` little fool ' , though a very disingenuous one , to be sure . But there is much more to this book than that.I first read this book about 40 years ago and have revisited it a few times . It is an immensely powerful , brilliantly written , witty , devastating critique of Victorian morality , religion , and sexual hypocrisy that even today is immensely moving.If Hardy has a weakness , it is in the plotting of his novels , and you have to admit that perhaps there are one too many coincidences , but this is a small quibble.This is one of the greatest of all novels . To me it is right up there with Anna Karenina , so I have to give it five stars .
 I went into `` Tess of the D'urbervilles '' with full knowledge of the harsh fate waiting for Tess , but that knowledge still could not prepare me for how harrowing and painful that journey was for her , and the reader . The character of Tess is so moral , innocent , kind , and unselfish against the society that is anything but , that Hardy 's message of fate and social hypocrisy reveals itself full force in the novel . Tess has a love for life and an optimism that takes the harshest and cruelest society to beat down , and that is heartbreaking to behold.I thought this was going to be a stuffy English novel , despite the fact I quite enjoy -LRB- most -RRB- Victorian novels I read . However , I discovered that Hardy 's prose flows well and is even beautifully poetic . Some of the best lines come from Tess 's mouth , showing that she is not only morally upright , but also smart and incredibly perceptive.Hardy has a great way with words ; romantic scenes are intensely passionate , emotional letters drip with feeling , and narrations delve into the feelings and thoughts of the characters so that the reader can understand , pity , empathize and sympathize with them . Most surprising perhaps is Hardy 's understanding of the female mind ; I think he has developed Tess into a believable and realistic heroine , and he has many interesting things to say about the differences of the genders , especially during that time period . `` Tess of the D'urbervilles '' is a gorgeous yet heart-breaking novel . Not only does it entertain with its poetic prose and social themes , the novel also opens one 's mind to the hypocrisy of the times ; hypocrisies that even now may still appear in the thoughts and actions of people in this `` modern '' society .
 Like other novels by Thomas Hardy , this is a beautiful and densely written work ; I have read several of his other novels , but it is the character of Tess that sticks most in my mind . This is a tragic story , make no mistake , and as such it left a deep impression upon me . Numerous scenes and details linger in my memory , due to Hardy 's rich prose style - the terrible death of the Durbeyfield horse ; the texture of Tess 's cheek , unwillingly yielded for Alec to kiss -LRB- as `` damp and smoothly chill as the skin on the mushrooms in the fields around '' -RRB- ; Tess 's humane execution of mutilated pheasants , preyed upon by careless hunters . I could go on ... but then half of the pleasure of reading is a sense of discovery , so I shall end there.Hardy 's usual pastoral idyll is present here -LRB- in the form of Talbothays and eloquent descriptions of the bounties of spring -RRB- , but this is thrown into powerful contrast by the increasingly bleak events that overtake the hopeless Tess as she progresses.I recommend it for any reader willing to try 19th century novels , and particularly fans of Eliot - Hardy was of a proto-feminist persuasion , like Eliot , but I think he writes with even more emotional power . It is interesting to observe that modern male writers seem relatively unconcerned with creating such singularly memorable female characters , although Hardy was admittedly an oddity of his era.If you have struggled to get beyond the first few chapters - as I initially did - I found that a total-immersion policy helped ; the intensity of the denoument means that this is a book best read over a short time . I grew so attached to the characters and settings of the novel that I felt lost when I finished reading it.If you have read this and relished Hardy 's fatalistic approach as much as I did , then Jude the Obscure is definately worth reading .
 if i 'm being truly honest most ` classics ' leave me cold . Pride and prejudice ? Bored me rigid . The amabassadors ? A guaranteed way to induce sleep . Remembrance of things past ? Still only read two of the books ... and have no real desire to read more So when i picked up tess i was expecting more of the same . Worthy , intellectual , dull . I was wrong . Tess was a page turner , populist in the best way and strangely , considering cinema had n't been invented yet , rather cinematic in it 's description and creation of scenes . Even the passages that described the countryside add to the overall feel and mood of the book , rather than just describe for describing sake . As for the reviewers who accuses Hardy of being verbose , I can only say that for the time he 's positvely Hemingwayesque.Yes , the book is a little melodramtic and if it was n't for all the tragedy and downbeat ending you could see it being made into a mini series on tv but frankly ... . what 's wrong with that ? It 's precisely this approachability that lets Hardy get you thnking about issues like women 's rights , men and women 's relation to each other and predeterminism.Finally to those that say Angel and Alec 's behaviour is inconsistent . I can not agree . Alec is exactly the kind of person who rushes from one passionate extreme to another and Angel is exactly the kind of idealist who has trouble excepting the realities of life and the failings of the average person.Finally a word on Tess herself . She is one of the sexiest characters i 've ever seen written in victorian fiction . It interests me that a man should write such a character and then have her killed as if such beauty -LRB- both internally and externally -RRB- ca n't be allowed to exist on the earth becuase of men like him , me and maybe you ...
 Bleak and depressing , as far as the plot is concerned it 's sort of like Hardy was experimenting with how many terrible things he could make happen to a trusting , wonderful person , until she 's finally crushed under the weight of the world and her society . Really makes you feel awful to read it , honestly , but that 's ok because the writing is beautiful and the structure is flawless . There are moments of pure poetry on a Shakespearean level , that make you want to weep for all humanity . The characters , especially Tess , are very believable , and the psychology effecting their decisions is what drives the story , for me . I 'm impressed , I 'm going to read more Hardy . I 've looked around and it seems like most of his books are similar - a great set-up to a disaster , all the while people 's hearts being ripped out of their chests and their hopes and dreams crushed one after another by a cruel world and cruel circumstances . He obviously had a pretty tragic and pessimistic view of our human situation , but a view that must have filled him with sympathy . He really goes into his characters ' heads and makes you feel their pain through it all , going through the stages of their grief , with really amazing descriptions that feel dead on . Or at least that 's what he did in this book.Also , it 's pretty amazing that he blatantly pointed out the sexual double standards of his time and their utter hipocrysy . It 's so crazy that people in Hardy 's day were outraged after the publication of this book by the subtitle , `` A Pure Woman , '' because Tess was raped . When you keep in mind how firmly these ideas of purity and female sexuality were implanted in people 's minds , it makes the plot completely believable .
 Many readers will fail to realise that such a tragic life was the common lot of young , attractive poverty stricken women ages ago just as it is today . Children and teens continue to be sold and/or directed to a life of drudgey , service or near slavery , if not in fact slavery , by parents knowing no way out of their own dire conditions . That poverty worldwide continues to dictate a similar fate for young ones today while we , in comfortable surroundings , debate the merits of a novel , here in America , is a sad legcy indeed for a tale of warning , and unfortunately , of prediction . It is all well and good to fasten ones attention on a good resd-but pray do not miss the point ! Hypocrisy lives on when the book is finished .
 This is one of the greatest novels ever written . The scope and pacing of the narrative , the complexity of the three main characters , the sheer dramatic power of the story , all combine to make this more than a book -- `` Tess '' is an experience that will inform and enrich your life .
 Once again an excellant service from Amazon . The book is just as I expected . A good quality paper back.R.V.Angel .
 Perhaps the greatest of the works by Thomas Hardy . It is the story of a tragic heroine whose life is shaped by events beyond her control.I purchased the book for a college class and hope to read more by the author.The descriptions of life in rural 19th century England are superb .
 By today 's standards certain passages of this book may seem rather vague and subtle , but they were shocking when first written -- enough that the book was subject to heavy censorship -- vital passages from it were removed . And that is really what makes this book so grand . Its take on the double standards of the society in which fictional Tess lived may seem very distant from today 's post-60 's equality society , but it was very real then.The book follows Tess ' journey through the English countryside , but what makes it so fascinating is the constant flow of her thought patterns as she tries to rationalize the hand she has been dealt . The modern reader may be befuddled , as her thoughts are representative of another culture and another time , but what is fascinating is the little insights on human nature that shine through . The joy she feels tempered by the despair in her past . The ignorant self-righteousness of overzealous youth . The mistakes that even very good , well-meaning people can make , without realizing it , that hurt others deeply . We hope for her as she lives through the initial tragedy , the slow recovery , the surge of joy she experiences , we are disgusted at the hypocritical betrayal that eventually leads to her final breakdown.The prose itself too has a personality , often taking time to smell the roses and indulge in the lush scenery , fascinating historical anecdotes and social interactions that Tess deals with on a daily basis . For those who over-glamorize the past , here is a very honest look at the physical and mental hardships people faced in it . Hardy quotes Ascham
 Thomas Hardy is an extraordinary writer ; though his writing is poetic , and includes on point historical references , he is an imaginative and thoughtful storyteller . Hardy reveals Tess 's soul with such care and regard that she is irresistibly complex ; delicate and strong willed , deeply loyal and obstinately independent , yet submissive and capable of extreme violence . So well did I come to understand her that , over time , I could predict her reactions and decisions -- though I hoped she would decide otherwise . Once a preacher reveals to Tess 's father his connection to a long lost prominent family , Tess 's is life is set on a seemingly unalterable path . Used , manipulated , misjudged and shamed , she struggles on , grinding out a living in unspeakably harsh conditions , while resisting with all her might a man who had already stolen her innocence and would shamelessly destroy her soul as she waiting for the man who had abandoned her . I found myself wincing at her pain , hoping she would receive what she deserved rather than what life seemed intent on doling out to her . Perhaps the best novel I 've ever read .
 Thomas Hardy 's `` Tess of the D'Urbervilles
 Probably Hardy 's most famous work and definitely containing his most sympathetic heroine . Takes direct aim at the class system and gender roles and forces the reader to see stark differences between what is socially acceptable and what is socially ridiculed . Note how Tess is blamed for her past more than Alec is , when it 's Alec 's fault Tess ends up as she does . A final ultimate retribution does surface but of course , at the expense of Tess 's future . She 's heartbreaking here , especially when she writes to Angel , pleading for his love and forgiveness . You can feel every second of her plight , right down to the harsh outdoor work she 's forced to endure in order to stay alive . All dust , sweat and fatigue ... Supporting characters are as vivid as the main ones ... This may be Hardy 's most complete and upsetting story . He really puts the players -LRB- thus the audience -RRB- thru the ringer .
 it truly is an amazing story of love , strength , passion and second chances . I loved it and got into it quite quickly . The characters were developed flawlessly , and the plot is one to remember . Though at times the descriptions of the setting did tend to drag , it didnt take much away from this great piece of literature .
 Ok , this one is for all my friends at BHS . We read this book in class , and the book was n't bad , but that is a hard thing to tell when you have n't read through the book because your english teacher does n't encourage it enough because the students make the quizes for each phase . EVERYONE cheated . It was good . If she spent more time on teaching correctly rather than perming and afro-ing her hair , maybe we 'd have enjoyed it more .
 I had read this book about 25 years ago whilst a student in high school for A'Level Literature -LRB- Grade 11-12 - Jamaica , West Indies -RRB- . Whilst reading the 50 Shades Trilogy recently , I noted the references to Tess in that book and it perked my interest in this book . I decided to re-read it as I really could n't remember it much and wondered how I would interpret it now being more mature and experienced . Well suffice it to say that this book is devastatingly excellent ! The language is hard to get at first -LRB- having not read a Thomas Hardy in a long time ! -RRB- ... . it 's a Thomas Hardy novel so you know he 's very detailed and it 's going to be tragic as he does n't do happy ever after ! The novel is set in Victorian England and features its heroine Tess a very poor country girl . It details her journey from innocent young girl on the cusp of womanhood to womanhood . It is essentially a love tragedy but not in the manner of Romeo and Juliett , its more , more real , more realistic . Its speaks to just how tragic life can be when the right man does n't meet the right woman at the right time , about missed opportunities , and , depicts how the biggest of injustice and violation often happens to the most vulnerable and undeserving of persons . It speaks to how morals and society 's beliefs can cause us pain and sorrow and often to punish those undeserving of same . But that was life then and its still so today . Suffice it to say that this book is 100 times better than the 50 Shades Trilogy and has impacted me so profoundly , I just ca n't understand how I did n't see the monumental tragedy it is when I was 17 years old . As a result I 've taken to re-reading most of my literature books . This book is a must read for those who can manage .
 Absolutely loved the story it 's definitely worth reading through . I found some things a little difficult to follow because it 's old English , but it was still a great read .
 I loved this book . The way hardy described some scenes left me in awe . If you are looking for classical writing and a great but tragic story you will love this book .
 A wonderful book . Descriptive words and never a boring section . I truly loved this book and would recommend it to others , expecially if you are a lover of language .
 Tess of the D'Urbervilles is the first Kindle book that I have read and I must say that the Kindle experience is better than I have thought - I read in the bright sunlight without getting tired.I first have heard of Tess in high school , but I did n't have the time or the mood to read it until now.Why I wanted to so much read it ? Besides the fact that it is a classic - and I think that every teenager or young person in one 's twenties must read it - I learned that Tess of the D'Urbervilles was a pretty controversial novel when Thomas Hardy first released it . As we know from history and from literature courses , the Victorians considered themes such as sex , religion , the condition of women or the lives of the peasants taboo subjects . Fortunately we are more open-minded today and we do n't make a big fuss of what 's moral or not in books such as this one . I guess that Thomas Hardy had the intention to open the peoples ' eyes - though it is a fictional story - that unfortunate things were happening to innocent girls during that time.The story is very realistic and the characters are complex.Tess is a free-spirited girl until her destiny changes and becomes more difficult . Tess swings between strength and weakness , between reason and her heart . I admire her capacity of dusting herself off and decide to find another place to work , in order to help her poor family . Although Angel is far away , her hope that he will come back someday does not leave her . I did n't like the fact that she constantly blamed herself for the first bad episode of her life which led her to other complicated situations . She felt guilty for something she was n't aware of or she was n't taught to avoid.The book also gives us a glimpse of how were the lives of peasants , and the depiction of the landscapes will appeal to those how love nature.I wo n't say anymore because I do n't want to ruin your reading.Therefore read Tess of the D'Urbervilles because you can enter in Tess ' world and learn more about her troubles .
 I must admit that this is one of the few classics that I have not read , so when I found a free copy for my Kindle , I immediately downloaded it . And the story does not disappoint . Hardy is a master of taking you to a time in place in the past and uses verbage and setting descriptions that put you right in the story . Hardy 's characters are brought to life and you feel as if you could know someone with these same characteristics in the here and now . The ending of this story , for me personally left something to be desired , but I really could not put it down . If you have not read this story , yet , please do!On a side note , I would love to see a contemporary adaptation of this story and see how the characters would interact with each other , as social standing , money , love , and betrayal are certainly themes worth examining in this day and age .
 Should not be made into an afterschool special . Thomas Hardy is an excellent and verbose writer . Why use a few words to describe something when a whole page is more deft ? Sometimes . Sometimes it is just a bit over the top . Good read .
 I enjoyed reading this classic tragedy . Tess is so sweet you want to know her more and more , which led to shock after shock . I appreciated the footnotes and explanations at the end of the book . I also enjoyed Hardy 's colorful descriptions . I was surprised at how similar life in thenineteenth century was to today 's life .
 The writing here is truly captivating . Hardy presents his principal characters in much the same way as other famous writers of his day ; that is , the once nobled family , having fallen on hard times , now needs to be brought from the brink of disaster by marrying off one its daughters to someone of status . Tess does not dissapoint , in that she has spunk , principles , and a sense of duty . This story is filled with intrigue , unlikely loyalties , and an ending that will reward you for picking up this book.The bonus here is that I read the book for free on my Kindle !
 Thomas Hardy really outdid himself with the creation of this novel . Tess is the quintessential protagonist to pity , sympathize with , and root for . Wronged by at least three men -- her father , her cousin , and her husband -- she remains pure in every sense by the corporeal . There is an overriding sense of despair that pervades the novel . Yet , what 's a Hardy novel without that feeling?With this book , Hardy solidified his place as my favorite author . The author 's ability to perfectly describe the English countryside , the charm , yet provinciality of the country folk , and the repressiveness of Victorian morals , makes this book one of his best . His subtlety often makes the reader question what it is that he just read , and leaves many things open to interpretation . Thus , as with many good texts , rereading it might lead to different understandings of different scenes that took place.All in all , there are few books that I have read that have made me want to give up sleep just to read them . I adored Tess , and I adore this book .
 Not a frustration in the negative sense , but in fact , this was a book which I could hardly put down . The fact that I felt compelled to express my thoughts here perhaps point to it 's even greater impact on me . A fabulous story , and of course , tragic in the end ... And why do I feel frustrated ? Perhaps merely for the fact of Tess ' rash action , almost one of self defence , which closes her tragic life . And the want or need for the story to extend beyond the final close to see her defence succeed and her life prevail . However , these are not the modern times , and the chasm seems wide . Tess is a beautiful person - innocent and with only the intention of good - and suffers as a result . While not a ground breaking novel , it 's eloquence and true to life appeal allows it to become part of you . I can only highly recommed this book and will read it again and again ...
 I have just finished reading all of the reviews for my most beloved book . Though most were supportive , there were a few that cut it down with extreme injustice . I read this book last year , when I was 13 , no one made me read it , I was simply drawn to it . I was swept away once I got through the first chapter . To those who have never read it , I encourage you to ignore all of the bad reviews , and listen to the ones that loved it .
 Out of all the book I was forced to read ... I LOVED this one ... the movie was good but the book was great ... it is the only book I still have from my early Michigan college years .
 Stirring up controversy was one thing that Thomas Hardy did best , and this book is one of them . This story was attacking so many different subjects in the time it was first published , which makes it all the better to read . I would n't recommend this book to just anyone , only people who can appreciate how the text of this book was written and how the Hardy wove many different ideas together to create a tragic life and ending for such a young girl . The impact of what happened throughout Tesses short life is what stunned me the most . Innocence or mentality ? Only the author knows .
 What else can I say that the other positive reviewers hav n't yet ? It was wonderfully written and truly heart wrenching . It took a lot of guts for Hardy to publish it as well because it was was a very contriversial for its time and contains messages that can be carried over into today even . A perfect example of Victorian literature , which is 2nd to none except fantasy ; -RRB-
 Tess is just beautifully written . the language is poetry , and it is melodious . duty , fate , and destiny appear throughout the book . and they make the readers wonder about their own life . it is just an amazing book !
 This novel , which I have just finished , is without a doubt one of the most incredible reads I have had . Immaculately crafted , beautifully written and profoundly moving . wow .
 A masterpiece . It is hard to find the right words to express my feelings about this beautiful and tragic story . Tess , the lovely , tenderhearted milkmaid who , in the face of much adversity never gives up , is one of my favorite heroines in all literature . I could fully understand her dilemma , and that of Angel as well . It is true that there are times when Destiny is stronger than us , no matter how good our intentions .
 Thomas Hardy 's Tess of the D'Urbervilles is a novel which focuses on the double standards of the Victorian era . It is a beautifully written novel about one wopman and her struggle to find love and her duty to her family.Tess was a child who sought to right her wrong by working for her `` cousins '' she hoped that by doing this she could become a productive member of the family particularly as the eldest child . She was required to take care pof most of the chores as her siblings were too young to help the family . As a daughter she was taught that it was her duty to marry wealth so that her family would not have to live in squallor . In her attempt to do this she was taken advantage of , but not raped , and she was made pregnant . She could not abort the child , and she could not properly carry the child to term without being married . She did the latter of these because she hated the childs father . Many times she wished that the child would die so that it would not have to live with the bastard lable . She felt that it was best that the child be taken from the earth to make her and her child 's life easier.Tess soon finds that there is a doiuble standard for pre-marital sex in Victorian England . Her husband , on there wedding night admits that he has been promiscuous , Tess is greatly relieved by this because she thinks that he will be more accepting of her situation when she tells him , this is not so . Angel , her husband , walk out on tess and leaves her to fend for herself , an unloved and un cared for woman . This novel ends sadly with Tess ' death after Angel comes back to her and they live happily for a number of days.This novel is an excellent example of social commentary in the form of literary art . This novel is a poinient dipiction of the life of a young woman in Victorian England . A well written novel with excellent character development one of the best book that I have ever read .
 Hardy 's Tess of the D'Urbervilles , unlike the description of the mixer included in a second user review , is a fantastic , if not incredibly difficult , book that is a must for any woman . It follows the story of a young girl who , in an attempt to help her struggling family , makes a series of mistakes that result in a loveless affair , an unfortunate pregnancy , the loss of a child , an estranged marriage , and ultimately murder . I was so caught up in the injustice of it all , that I scribbled responses to Hardy in the margin . In addition , the beautiful descriptions of 19th century farmlife in Britain are amazing . At times , this book seems hefty and longwinded , yet it is one of those rare gems that you suffer through only to find at the end that you are surprisingly satisfied .
 Morality is subject to some rolling blackouts in this book . At the end , the law stepped in and made sure that the destruction was mutual . Law seems to be particularly inept in situations where a book is this hard on the reader , and those critics in the Norton Critical Edition who consider this novel almost a crime against literature have a point . If all the characters were being put on trial , instead of merely trying to live , the law would allow each of them to be tried separately because of the doctrine of mutually antagonistic defenses . There were parts of this book I enjoyed
 I disagree that Tess is an insult to women . It is the contrary ! In the time when marrying rich men is in fashion and prostitutes are considered the victims of society , Tess sets a very high moral standard for us . She 'd rather be doing hard labor in the winter field than doing prostitution . It breaks my heart that she eventually had to do it in order to support her family . She also did it out of despair of love ...
 The book stands on its own , though I found the ending disappointing . I downloaded this in order to be able to follow the more obscure passages of an audiobook version and it was excellent for that purpose ; the digital edition worked just fine on my iPad with no difficulty in locating specific sections based on the section and chapter breakdown .
 I have read several Thomas Hardy novels starting with The Mayor of Casterbridge many years ago in high school and I never really appreciated the style and the fact that like other Hardy novels Tess is a love story and a very good story . Worth reading
 Tess of the D'Urbervilles , Thomas Hardy 's second to last novel , published in book form in 1891 , is considered by many -LRB- Hardy himself included -RRB- to be the finest novel by the great Thomas Hardy -LRB- 1840-1928 -RRB- . The story centers around Tess Durbeyfield , a wife who is ancestor to an ancient and powerful family . She goes to live with some guy named Alec and falls in love with him or something . I never read it but have studied Thomas Hardy 's works and that is all I know about this classic . I also know it has a very sad and tragic ending because I ruined it for myself by reading spoilers on wikipedia so do n't ruin it by doing that , read it and reach the tear jerking ending , if you can survive a TOME ! HA HA HA HA ! -LRB- Of course you can `` survive '' this one . I was just cracking a joke about the length of this book . Thomas Hardy was one of the greatest writers who ever lived and this book proves it beyond a shadow of a doubt -RRB- The story attacks the role of woman in Victorian society and because of that , it was n't really well received in 1891 but at least it did better than Hardy 's final novel Jude the Obscure , published in 1895 -LRB- some sources say '96 I 'm not sure -RRB- Jude the Obscure was hated so badly that it was mockingly renamed `` Jude the Obscene '' and Hardy stopped writing novels altogether and focused on poetry.This is essential Victorian age literature and is Hardy 's most famous novel . Read it today !
 This was a Christmas gift for my oldest granddaughter . I was very pleased with the item and the shipping . She was delighted to receive the book . I will shop for Christmas and other occasions from Amazon .
 The Penguin clothbound classics are beautiful . They make beautiful gifts and look great on the bookshelf . I looked everywhere and the price I paid on Amazon -LRB- $ 13.60 -RRB- is by far the cheapest . They 're a bargain at that price .
 What a gorgeous package for classic titles . These books deserve to be feted on design blogs because they are works of art . I ca n't wait to have more on my shelf .
 Yeah , pretty great book , I 'd say . I liked the character of Tess , how she represented innocence lost in a corrupt society . How Angel was the perfect guy , but because of the cruel world that we all live in , he was snatched away from her , and she was left abadoned by him . It was trafic . Very sad .
