 I too read Gutcheon 's novel More Than You Know and felt it was a wonderfully evocative story of downeast Maine , as well as a love story and ghost story . I cared about the characters , the various threads of plot intertwined in provocative ways , and I was left wanting to read more by this author.Very early on , Leeway Cottage was very a book that seemed almost pointless , with characters barely developed beyond their simplest histories . The characters run about , doing this and that , but seldom experience any understanding , unless the author tells us exactly what they understood . Characters are not revealed ; they are described . The whole book reads like the To-Do lists of each character.There are inconsistencies . For instance , why , when the central character Sidney is starting out and is clearly trying to create a more humane and sensitive life for herself , does she become the nasty , self-centered person who shuns her husband 's sister Nina because of her distant behavior ? Nina was imprisoned in a concentration camp and endured horrors that would n't bear the telling ; yet Sydney writes her off as snooty and her husband seems content to let it happen . Sydney 's greatest sacrifice during WW II was difficulty getting good servants for her summer house . Sydney 's indulgent arrogance is not consistent with her earlier struggle to become a more authentic person . We completely stop caring about her . Her life becomes a mere recitation of her shopping lists . Why attach poor Nina 's story at the end ? Why not as part of the narrative ? Who cares about rich , dissatisfied people like Sydney ? You will find nothing that enriches your life in the telling of Sydney 's . Even the children 's stories are oddly stunted . Sydney 's son Jimmy is a delinquent and ne'er - do-well . One moment he is a miserable teenaged twerp who is given a tough last-chance job working as a sternman on a lobster boat but the next time we seen him , he has a wife , children , and a successful online gaming company . How exactly did he arrive at this point in his life ? We are to guess at the intervening 10 years . You could have subtracted his character completely and it would n't have made any difference to the story . We learn nothing about him other than his mother spoils him and his sisters are jealous of that . Nothing more . I kept waiting for some character development other than descriptions of their days sailing on the coast of Maine and their inevitable aging . I was still waiting at the end of the book.Gutcheon has a gift for writing a good narrative and good descriptions . Because I know that part of Maine , I enjoyed at least that part of the book but that was all . Everything that made More Than You Know a good read was absent in this novel , except for her narrative skills . But if you are looking for anything approaching character development , conflict and resolution - all the things that make for good literature - forget it . It 's not here .
 I 'm still amazed that Beth Gutcheon 's editor would allow this book to be released . There are two completely different stories here that do not work together , despite the fact that the main characters are touched by both . On the one hand , this is a novel of a twentieth century marriage , with its ups and downs . -LRB- And , as part of that story , there is the impact of a indifferent mother on her daughter 's own ability to be a loving mother when it is her turn to raise a family . -RRB- And then there is the very moving story of Danish Jews during World War II . There is a recurring theme that Sidney , of the `` first story '' does n't have any understanding for Nina 's harrowing experiences during the war in the `` second story . '' The author can not even find a way to reveal Nina 's experiences and so throws it in at the end of the book , perhaps to make the reader feel that the book had more of an impact that it actually had . Very disappointing .
 First , this is two books in one . One skims over the surface of Sydney 's life and family in Maine and the other deals with the plight of Jews in Denmark during WWII . Of the two parts , the Denmark section is by far the more compelling . However , the linkage between the two stories is very weak -- beyond the obvious marriage/family connections . As I read the book , I kept thinking `` And what ... ? '' and `` So ... ? '' The interview with the author in my copy did n't help much
 I thought I would like this book as the subject manner and descriptions sounded interesting . But the author would start a train of thought and then abort the idea and move on to another - I seemed like I was listening to an crudely abridged version ! I will NOT read another of hers if this is the way she writes . I was very disappointed ... this book could have been great !!!! The characters I felt were shallow and so much more could have been done to deepen their personalities , thoughts and feelings .
 What a shambles this book is ! There are three parts , basically . The first part is somewhat interesting as a family relationship builds , though it is weak overall . The center part about the Danish involvement in World War II is utterly fascinating and written to entice . The last part is a completely boring pedestrian mess ! It 's as if the writer just gave up after the WWII section and was forced to just keep writing about family members , basically listing a bunch of things that happened without any interest in the characters themselves . Then the last three chapters , which are completely out of sync with the storyline , are just thrown at us ... attempting to explain a few bland statements made throughout the book.As an avid reader of about 20 books a year , I normally pass books on to others to read when I 'm done , but I would NEVER torture anyone I care about by handing them this book to read . So I threw it out when I finished . What a waste of time and paper ! And the sad thing is , if you got rid of the first part and the last part of the book , you 'd have a thoroughly fascinating novel about the Danish involvement in WWII . THAT by itself would be the only thing worth reading . How sad that THAT intriguing story got bogged down surrounded by a bunch of rubbish !
 This book needs an editor to either pull the two distinct stories together -- or , even better , delete the beginning and end and build the book around the middle . The middle is absolutely fascinating . I have read many books about WWII and the Holocaust , and this is the first time I 've read about the Danish resistance and efforts to save the Jews . If the book was built around that , it would have been fascinating.Unfortunately , the beginning and end focus on an uninteresting family saga , with too many characters , and far too few compelling events . The connection between these two sections and the middle is virtually nonexistent . Even the style of writing is different , with some chapters starting with years and others not ; some written in past tense , some written in present tense . There is no logic to any of it.And the end is a nightmare , going from the family , flashing back to experiences in a concentration camp , and then back to a love affair . None of it is clearly explained . I was planning to lend the book to a friend simply because the middle was so good . Now that I 've finished it , I know I ca n't inflict it on anyone else because the end is so bad .
 People ... Please do not waste your money on this garbage . It is out of date , inaccurate and either too simplistic or too hard to understand -LRB- I am a physician 's assistant -RRB- . I 'm not sure why Webster is letting the DREADED DELMAR get hold of their titles to ruin them like they are doing . This is the second piece of crap they 've made out of something nice .
 This is an okay book in terms of the man 's life -LRB- most info is culled from other sources -RRB- but when it comes to Denzel Washington 's career the author commits an unpardonable sin . He writes way too much about each individual film the actor 's made up to the time of the book 's publication and then gives away the ending to each and every one of them!UNACCEPTABLE !!!!
 Having read the previous books in the series aloud to my kids , I was happy to see the next one available . After reading it , however , I have to admit I was a little disappointed . It seemed pretty formulaic . I also was not pleased with the `` suicide , '' though Mom 's reaction and subsequent talk with Caroline salvaged the scene somewhat . I have to confess to a little irritation at the kids-know-best-parents-don ` t-understand angle at the end as well . May her next book be fresher and more family oriented .
 I read this book primarily because it is known as a `` classic '' piece of environmental literature . In my opinion , it does not deserve to be considered as such primarily because it is shallow . The basic message that there is value in wilderness for its own sake is obvious . Maybe it was not apparent in the fifties but is obvious now . In terms of preservation , Abbey does not offer any insights other than
 I bought this book seeking some insight into my own desire to escape to the Southern Utah region several times a year . Instead of a wise and intelligent ` father ' of modern envirolmentalism ... I found Abbey to be a hypocrit . He throws trash into the desert , thinks himself above the law , and disturbs fragile ecosystems as much or more than the people he rants on and on and on and on about . Disappointing .
 Author just drifted on and on and on about observations that seemed more focused on showing his percieved intellectual superiority than substance . Reminds me of a sermon from church where the speaker sees how many words he can apply to the concept of sin , dragging the message on and on and on to add time but very , very little substance .
 I was disappointed with this book . I expected informative and interesting descriptions of the desert southwest , and there is some of this . However , the author gets so carried away with inappropriate political discussion and criticism of almost everyone and everything , it really detracts from the story . I actual skipped through some of these parts . When he does stay with the natural descriptions , the author is knowledgable and actually quite poetic . Some of his descriptions are over-the-top though with tedious classical and cultural references . Would not recommend this book . I 'm sure there are much better books with stories and information on the desert that avoid the political extremism .
 This is the first Edward Abbey book I 've come across . At first enticed by his espoused love of desert beauty , I stopped short in mid-sentence somewhere early on , disappointed , disgusted and disillusioned ; I had been led unsuspectingly into witnessing his sudden , heartless , unprovoked murder of a completely harmless small animal . I could n't agree more with the words of another reviewer ; `` he -LSB- the author -RSB- picks up a rock and kills a rabbit just for the fun of it , and then talks about how he felt no remorse , only power , as if he had received the `` spiritual energy of the rabbit '' after killing it . He was energized afterward , extremely pleased with himself . '' Abbey sounded alarmingly close to psychotic . For all his lovely use of language , seemingly profound nature-loving insights and proclaimed appreciation of animal and plant life , Edward Abbey is an insensitive jerk . Obviously it will be the LAST Abbey book I ever pick up . If this review saves just one person from spending money for an insensitive slap that can take your breath away , then the time I spent to warn others will have been worth it .
 This was just a travel log ... almost just a daily journal . I expected a story line ; a plot . It became more and more of the same , and less and less interesting . When it ended , I was shocked , and my response was , `` that 's it ? ''
 When this book first came out , it started a nationwide cult , primarily of college-aged students , who suddenly became entranced with nature and began to rally against the forces trying to contain it . Although he had written three prior books , this was Abbey 's first major success as he relates stories from his two summers as a Park Ranger in the Arches National Monument in southeast Utah . There is no straight narrative here , just bits and pieces from his experiences in this desert land . He also finds time to boat down the Colorado River through the Glen Canyon before it is forever flooded by another massive dam . Although I stuck with this book to the end , I found it more sleep inducing than inspiring . Although written well , Abbey seems to find it necessary to include the names , both English and Latin , of every single plant and bush that grows in this desert . He even endlessly names the rocks . Then he goes on to the stars ! And that trip down the river was mostly repetitive glimpses down side canyons . However , this is a forerunner to one of my favorite books , Abbey 's `` The Monkey Wrench Gang , '' as he gives us glimpses into the beginnings of eco-terrorism with the pulling up of surveyors ' stakes and the destruction of billboards . I have read the `` Gang '' many times , `` Solitaire '' will just be once .
 It must be difficult when you are right , you know you are right , and the rest of the world is wrong . For Edward Abbey you release your frustrations in the form of an endless rant . While the few places he writes about the desert and Arches National Monument -LRB- now a National Park -RRB- , make for a good read , the rants are both endless and idiotic.He rants and rants about letting tourists drive their cars into Arches . He proposes , `` No more cars in national parks ... -LSB- K -RSB- eep the automobiles and the motorcycles and their motorized relatives out . '' Of course he drove into Arches to the house trailer he would be living in while in the park . You can bet the house trailer was towed in by a motorized vehicle . He got a delivery of 500 gallons of water via a tank truck on his first day . He also got a Park Service truck delivered to him to drive . He also got permission to drive the truck to town once a week for supplies . He continues to rant on and on about allowing vehicles into any Nation Parks . He does show his softness by allowing the aged and infirm to be transmitted by shuttle buses . For children too small to be carried in or to ride a bicycle in , he would not permit entering . What a guy ! The word hypocrite seems to fit here.He launches into the problems of the Navajo . He provides a simplistic monologue of how they could better them selves . One of his amazing quotes is , `` He -LRB- referring to the Navajo people -RRB- lacks the drive to get ahead of his fellows or to figure out a way and means of profiting from other people 's labor . '' He goes on to suggest solving the problems of the Navajo , '' -LSB- W -RSB- e may soon have to make birth control compulsory . '' I wo n't even comment on his solution of the Navajo `` problem . `` Then he suggests that wilderness is necessary . Here is his quote , `` We may need it someday not only as a refuge from excessive industrialism but also as a refuge from authoritarian government , from political oppression . Grand Canyon , Big Bend , Yellowstone and the High Sierras may be required to function as bases for guerilla warfare against tyranny . `` The ONLY reason to read this book is to discover what a complete idiot the author is . He describes himself as a desert rat . Perhaps he spent too much time in the desert sun without wearing a hat .
 I picked up this book because I thought it was written by a nature lover . I was misinformed . The only good thing I can say about this book , written by a ranger at Arches National Park , is the fact that the author died at the relatively young age of 62 . Why is this good ? Because in his book he mocks and then jokes about the accidental death of a visitor to his park , a 60 year old gentleman who got lost and died of exposure . Abbey thought this was a good death -- the man found a perfect place to die . Great view ! Besides , at this man 's age it was time to go -- old people need to make room for the young -LRB- him -RRB- . The `` old man '' certainly did not die a good death , unless you consider exposure and dehydration a pleasant experience . Try reading `` Touching the Void '' by Joe Simpson to discover what such an experience might be like.To be certain , Edward Abby is not a nature loving man . In one chapter , he picks up a rock and kills a rabbit just for the fun of it , and then talks about how he felt no remorse , only power , as if he had received the `` spiritual energy of the rabbit '' after killing it . He was energized afterward , extremely pleased with himself . No , he did n't kill the rabbit for food like any self respecting hunter would do , he did it because he wanted to , because he could . He shows an admirable respect for snakes , but that is n't enough to make up for the absolutely disgusting , cruel way he treated the cows he and two other sadistic individuals were paid to round up . He beats them mercilessly with wet ropes , comments on how ugly they are , is indifferent to the many calf 's crying , the animals ' heat and exhaustion and laughs when another `` cowboy '' kicks an exhausted cow to death . Cows do n't matter to him at all , and Abbey thinks they deserve the meat hook at the end of their journey.He repeats a tall tale people swear to him is true , about how a corporate miner swindled a gullible potential miner out of his money , seduces the man 's wife , and then shoots him in the woods . No big deal , he 's just retelling a story he 's heard , right ? But then he goes into great excruciating detail about the likely last days of the murdered man 's ten year old son and how much agony and pain he endures after days and days of trying to survive in the canyon all by himself . You realize pretty quickly there is no way anyone could know these things -- what the boy felt as he starved and ate the psychedelic plants , whether or not he floated in and out of consciousness while the sun burned third degree burns on his back . The boy is supposedly found alive , still clutched to the back of a tree after floating naked down a river , but dies without ever regaining consciousness ... and it 's not surprising at this point because you knew he was making up the story as you are reading , but you have to wonder for a moment why anyone would take so much pleasure describing such a horrific ordeal . He tells this story with so much relish , you have to wonder at his motivation and sanity.In this book , you will not find interesting insights one might expect from someone having spent so much time alone in nature ; instead he reveals a truly cold heart and his rants are not so much inspiring or full of truth as they are self absorbed pontificating by an individual who thinks he 's a poet just because he has an imagination . I actually took a match to his book just to watch the edges curl . Too thick to burn , I reluctantly hosed it down and threw it in the trash where it belongs.If you love and respect nature , this is not the book to read .
 I just read a Kindle version of this in hopes of giving my first trip to Moab some special meaning . What a disappointment . I had read some Amazon reviews proclaiming this book as some type of masterpiece . In all due respect , those readers must not get out much . This book was more than just boring ; it rambled on without any structure or cohesiveness . The fact that it was so poorly written could be overlooked if at least Abbey had an interesting story to tell ; he did not . Do yourself a favor and skip it .
 Sorry , but I did n't care much for this one . I could not detect that the author had much love for the desert , just a lot of hatred for humankind . Let the reader be prepared for that , and not expect a pretty documentary about the desert .
 When Edward Abbey writes about the natural scenery of Utah it is splendid and a joy . When he moves on to his philosophy it is a struggle to stick through to the next page . The level of his hypocrisy is only matched by the level of his misanthropy . I could respect his opinions if he had quit work and moved to the desert , but he took a job for a capitalist government to tend the needs of the tourists , so all his rants about the same ring hollow . His ideas are what you would expect for a first year college student angry with society , not the deep thinker he takes himself to be . The number of glowing reviews really surprises me . I suspect many of them maybe did n't get passed the first couple chapters -LRB- which are great , great chapters -RRB- . It 's a wonderful topic but there are probably better sources out there .
 This book is a photocopied volume of an out of print book . There are no chapter headings and the text is garbled in several places and runs together with inserts that are intrusive . The information is there , but it takes more concentration to glean it than in a normal format . Carol Warburton
 they 're free they 're sometimes interesting . It certainly gives you insight into a MAN 's mind at the time of the books original publishing date . all in all very boring very ... pointless . I love history but this was horribly written at the time it was first published , and other then a reference for school work I ca n't imagine why anyone would read this for fun .
 Did n't like the book so I could n't finish it . I ca n't tell u what I thought of it since I did n't finish reading it . To me the book did n't make a whole lot of sense .
 Maybe this book is out of copyright or something ... but this printing is a grossly lazy reproduction of the original printing . It 's actually a copy of the pages - not even fit right to the book 's size . They did n't bother to transcribe and properly typeset the text using a modern system , so you 're basically paying for a very rough , poorly scaled photocopy of the old printing . No wonder it 's not available on Kindle .
 Sad , sad book . Although raised in NYC , I lived in both North and South Carolina during the 1960 's and agree there was racism ... but this pushes the limits of reality . White people in power -LRB- in the clan of course -RRB- are all mean and stupid and kill little black children . Shame on the author .
 Author Judith Herbst , a former English teacher that thankfully no longer attempts to instruct children has created a book on ESP geared for 5th grade readers that clearly demonstrates her inability to think logically , conduct research , or present a balanced perspective.All of this book 's ideas seem as if they are taken directly from pseudo skeptical web sites like the Committee for Skeptical Inquiry while not bothering to actually read any of the numerous published peer reviewed science journal articles on parapsychology . She makes general claims like all psychics -LRB- including Daniel Dunglas Home -RRB- was fraudulent and she fails to provide any evidence for this claim while in the same paragraph dismissing experiments that lend evidence to his credibility.Home , which she fails to mention , was investigated by many scientist and other investigators not just William Crookes who she does mention and despite extensive investigation -LRB- again by many investigators -RRB- was never in his lifetime found to be cheating.This does not dismiss the possibility of him simply being the best magician in the history of mankind , just that in science all claims require evidence of which she presents exactly zero to support her charge.This is a bias account written by a woman who uses straw man arguments -LRB- pick the weakest case as the champion example and attack it -RRB- , incomplete information , and a one sided interpretation.For example she cites Ray Hyman 's attack on the Targ & Puthoff findings of Uri Geller . Anyone that has bothered to even scan the surface of this will know that the only person that tested Uri Geller under sloppy conditions was Ray Hyman himself . Targ & Puthoff found Geller performed well at remote viewing -LRB- under tightly controlled conditions -RRB- and never even tested him for metal bending -LRB- again that was Hyman during his visit to SRI where Geller was being tested -RRB- . This former english teacher does mention some of the better known early figures like Nostradamus , J.B. Rhine , Daniel Home , etc. beyond getting the names of some of the major figures in history and psi research correctly spelled everything else is poorly researched and inappropriately -LRB- biased -RRB- presented without any evidence to support the authors conclusions.D -
 The problem with this book , is that you can not argue for copyrights on one hand , and against them on the other . Either there is intellectual property or there is not . If there is not , then it is a government granted monopoly , and government granted monopolies can be shown to be less efficient then the market . As such , this means that copyrights would not do a better job at encouraging ingenuity . The thing is the book seems to talk about the philosophy of it a lot more then the reality of it .
 I ordered this book expecting a thorough and unprejudiced recounting of the evolution of copyright law of the past 2 centuries . instead i got a very biased account of it . The author clearly leans toward the notion that copyright law is too restricting and tries to make that point strongly in all the evidence he sites . The evidence itself is not very compelling because it is presented is a very light manner , with very few quotes from actual court decisions . The author instead relies on trying to convince us by presenting his viewpoint of copyright law and his own commentary . instead of a complete account you get a one-sided presentation . The writing is also very elementary and reads as if it was geared toward the second grade . i was very dissappointed with this book and was barely able to finish it . i would not waste my time with this book .
 Sad to say , the definitive history of the clothing of religious women has yet to be published in the English language . Kuhns ' book purports to tell the history of the nuns ' habit - why they wore those odd uncomfortable looking clothes , and what those component parts meant . She has cobbled together a synopsis of costume history from the middle ages onward - which information is available elsewhere in more enlightening format . Unfortunately for the reader , Kuhns ' prose is dry as toast , totally lacking in interesting anecdotes , and poorly edited . There are a number of typographical errors throughout the book -LRB- could n't she afford an editor ? -RRB- , and in one case , one of the photos in the appendix is miscaptioned with the name of the wrong religious order . For those of us who have a strong interest in the material , you will not find anything new or compelling presented here . The book is `` padded '' with several chapters on the history of religious women 's foundations , which material is best presented in Joann Kay McNamara 's book `` Sisters in Arms . '' The informed reader may safely skip this section entirely . The book is illustrated with some vintage photographs , many of them courtesy of Fr . Eugene McCarthy , whose own series of books , `` Guide to the Catholic Sisterhoods in the United States , '' published between 1952 and 1964 , are considered the `` fashion bibles '' of pre-Vatican II nuns ' habits . -LRB- These photos were originally commissioned by Gonzaga University beginning in the 1940s and later appropriated by said Fr . McCarthy - apparently , the clergy have no compunction about not assigning credit when due . -RRB- Serious scholars should pass this work by completely , and opt instead for the hefty , expensive Italian-language tome `` La Sostanza dell ' Effimero '' , published by the Daughters of St. Paul in Rome but obtainable through their bookstores throughout the United States on special order .
 Although the subject matter was interesting , the lack of pictures and overall layout of the book made it tedious to read . I saw so many opportunities for this book to be better . For example , there were many instances where an accompanying picture would have clarified a description or put it into a better context . A specific example of this is where she mentions a nail belt . It would have been illuminating to see a picture of one on that page . The writing style to me seemed dry , almost `` textbook '' .
 Without reiterating the commentary from the five previous reviewers -LRB- all of whom I happen to agree with -RRB- , I will only add that The Habit makes a decent primer for those who are new to the subject of women 's clerical garb . It 's a fast read and fairly interesting , but it really is n't worth the new hardcover price . Look for a used copy .
 Save your money on this one . From an average introduction , things went steadily downhill . If there was any original research in this book , it could not be found . Pictures were dated and can be found elsewhere in several other sources . All were all full body shots with little or no detail . Perhaps strangest was the Glossary of Church Terms , few if any were used in the body of the text . What that had to do with the main topic is still a mystery . About the only redeeming feature is it is an example of `` pastiche . ''
 This is not the book for someone who wants to look at and relive through images their Catholic school days . Possibly 48 very small photographs , many irrelevant . This book is mainly text . A huge disappointment .
 This is a fascinating subject , but Kuhns makes too many mistakes in areas I 'm familiar with for me to trust there are none in areas I 'm not . Her discussion of pagan culture is muddled ; she collapses together customs of different centuries as if all pagans of all places and times were interchangeable . The book also shows signs of having been spell-checked by computer .
 The habit depicted on the cover of this book is that of a Daughter of Charity of Saint Vincent de Paul , before 1964 . They do not identify themselves as nuns , since they do not take perpetual vows . They are `` sisters . '' What a blunder !
 Imagine one of the funniest and saddest collection of short stories by one of the greatest writers in the English language read by an vocally affectless female computer . Absolutely the worst thing ever foisted on an unwary public . Not worth spending a dime on . Pass it by friend.Sketches By Boz
 As a person who knows the credit repair industry traits & practices , I am sorry to inform you this book falls short of helping any reader wanting to repair their own credit . I usally like to read 2 books a year on credit repair . I do this so I can check out the advice and knowledge of others in the credit industry . If you 're looking for a book to assist you in repairing your credit , LOOK ELSEWHERE ! This book gives the reader very basic information , this is information the reader probably already knows or that could be obtained from the federal trades commission or any of the 3 credit reporting agencies for FREE . I really got a good laugh when I saw chapter 5 `` The Importance of Good Credit '' . I said to myself , `` Why waste a chapter on this subject ? '' Anyone buying this book , or for that matter any book on the subject credit repair , is well aware of the importance of good credit!Let 's move to chapter 7 titled `` Repairing Your Credit Step-by-Step '' . This chapter only has 12 pages.The first 7 pages are how to repair your credit and the next 5 pages are sample dispute letters . I 'm sorry but this chapter should be the meat and potatoes of the book not `` THE STRING BEAN '' . Another disappointment was chapter 9 titled `` Lending Scams '' . This chapter has 11 pages on this subject
 I recieved more useful information from a pamplet my bank sent to me than from this book . This book rambles on about how good credit affects you and why it 's important to have good credit . The useful information is simply repeating what most people already know - That you can write your credit agency , and for a fee get a copy of your report , and you can write them a letter disputing what 's in your report . It does not give any real depth to help you straiten out your credit .
 This could be a good book but Gardner was not really a good writer , well for this book . He could have made the story more interesting but he did not.Some of the parts are not really interesting and very strange . Take for example , the part about two of the organisation members having a talk together , how could they not possibily not know that the British Secret service had been bugging the when the have the ability to start their operation `` WIN '' and `` LOSE '' ?
 Why do most of John Gardner 's James Bond novels seem like screenplays ? I think that is what was always missing from his writings . Because they were similar to screenplays they read like movie scripts , not novels . It just leaves the reader so uninvolved . Detail and flavor for the settings are always noticeably absent from his Bond novels . This one is no exception . I suppose we all lose !
 Joyce is an experimenter , not an essayist.This book is ugly and boring.If you want to read good essays onliterature , art , philosophy or whatever , read Chesterton , Santayana , or Russell.Not a book to smile at .
 Nice vintage book but somewhat out dated . Also way overpriced . Check ebay before you buy one on Amazon .
 Your book , to me , conveys false conclusions
 After buying it as a gift for a retired judge and law professor , I took a gander . Frankly , it 's nothing you probably did n't already know , as if the title does n't say it all . What you did n't know hits on the same old bad media cliche , just older.My friend 's response was that it was a mind dulling read . Might be a good choice for someone who wants to be immersed in the currently popular I hate the press pool , but I certainly did n't get the response I had expected from one of the best read men I know .
 Covering the lies and slanders in US journalism from colonial times through the revolution and Federalist time periods , this book delivers an overview of the major events during these segments of US history . There is little background delivered , just a series of vignettes as Burns chronologically delivers news coverage of the important events of the time.Given the invective inherent in the journalism of the time , I expected a more vibrant work than Mr. Burns provides . For all of our history up to the War of 1812 , the US was an untested experiment , and the population split into decidedly rancorous , polar opposite factions , that sometimes violently disagreed with each other . This was when our 2 party system of government was formed and each faction had their own journals , gazettes and newspapers which behaved quite atrociously.Somehow Eric Burns delivers coverage of the events with little or no passion . The result is a remarkably flat read that is quite difficult to get through . This book does sparkle at certain points , particularly with reference to Thomas Jefferson . Burns reveals Jefferson as something of a rogue , a manipulator of people , facts and freedoms . These pages were quite interesting as Burns delivers a Jefferson who is quite human . But the views of the rest of the Founding Fathers are traditional , and , as a result , repetitious of what many , many others have already written.Working as he does , from actual newspaper accounts at the time , replete with the aforementioned published lies and slander , I had hoped he would deliver views of Adams , Morris , Livingston , Washington , Franklin , et al. , with more of what he provided for Jefferson
 While Mr Sloan shows some nice examples of show kelpies -LRB- which are an offshoot of the actual working strain -RRB- he neglects the real reason these dogs were developed as a breed . Working Kelpies are the work force in Australia 's pastoral farming system and should be given their due . By concentrating on the shorter-legged , heavier-coated and basically non-working show dogs , Mr Sloane has doen the forefathers of the Kelpie breed a serious disservice . Having stated all that , the book does contain some fine photographs of show dogs , which , if one likes such dogs , one might find useful .
 I bought this book thinking it was an adition to the autumn book line , it says first printing . I guess i need to pay closer attention because it is a reprint of the first book by a new publisher . Ripped off . I will not buy anything by this publisher again .
 If you were like me you read David Moody 's first novel Autumn and were excited about the novel to follow
 I found the first book in this series to be strangely compelling , and I found this one for 3 bucks , so I thought I 'd give it a shot . I wish I had not.This book was extremely boring . The author went to great lengths to try to make the bodies appear threatening , but I did not buy it . The idea was that , individually the bodies were weak and easily knocked aside , but they were amassing in huge numbers , which made them a threat . The author explained in great detail -LRB- over , and over , and over , etc. -RRB- why they were amassing in such numbers and why that made them a threat . -LRB- Because they are attracted to noise and apparently living humans , simply by being alive , are noisy . They are also attracted to fire , apparently , which you 'd think might help cull their numbers a bit , but I digress . -RRB- I have this problem where I 'm not really all that bad at math . I kept wondering where all the rest of the survivors were . If `` over 98 % '' of the population was killed , that leaves somewhere between one and two percent of the population alive somewhere . Last time I checked , there were around 60 million people in Great Britain , not counting foreign students , tourists , migrant workers and the like . That means between 600,000 to 1,200,000 people would have survived . If almost a million people were scattered around the island , presumably at least some of the bodies would be attracted to each of them as well , because being alive is noisy.After `` over 98 % '' of the population dropped dead , `` about 1/3 '' of them got up again and started shambling . That means there were about 20 million bodies wandering around , give or take . We are told that some of them were trapped in buildings or cars , some of them wandered off cliffs or into rivers or the ocean , some of them undoubtedly would have burned up in some of the numerous building fires . The three survivors ran over some of them with their cars in book one , and many more were run over by military vehicles and cars in this book . Also , many bodies are crushed and mutilated by the press of bodies behind them all trying to squeeze into the same place . Oh yeah , and they tear each other apart occasionally . Not to mention the `` thousands '' that were lured into a burning building by Donna , which was the only sensible thing anyone did in the story so far.Presumably the bodies are not capable of reproducing in their quasi-dead state . Survivors do not even turn into roaming bodies if they are bitten -LRB- in fact , the bodies do not seem to bite . They simply try to grab you to death . -RRB- Also presumably , the other hundreds of thousands of survivors around the island would also be running them over with cars and whatnot . The numbers would have to be constantly dropping.So , getting rid of them would be tedious to be sure , messy absolutely , but not really scary.Obviously , I do not recommend this book . It made my head hurt .
 If you like easy read , all plot , no character books about zombies then this is for you . If instead you like a book with characters you care about , empathize with , or can in any way relate to , stay away . With so many great models out there in film , literature , video games , and comics -LRB- 28 Days Later , I Am Legend -LRB- book and film -RRB- , The Walking Dead -LRB- comic and tv series -RRB- , almost any Resident Evil -LRB- the video game , not the movie -RRB- , The Road , to name a few , it 's amazing that someone could create a book so void of any tension , horror , or excitement . Anyone who 's read The Stand felt in their bones the terror of escaping a city of corpses . And King 's corpses were n't even stumbling back to life . Moody has a city full of corpses and there is nothing terrifying about them . Yes , he paints a fair image of thousands upon thousands of dead acting as a single minded entity , but unless that single minded entity is going to kill someone , it 's not so scary . And yes , NOBODY died as a result of reanimated corpse attack . There were two forgettable characters in the end whose death was implied , but that was as far as it went . If you 're looking for terror , if you 're looking for an exploration of how humanity is transformed / challenged when 99 % of the population disappears , if you 're looking for some classic survival horror , run far , far away from this shambling mess of a book . It 's a decent first draft , but it should have NEVER made it to print in its current state .
 The writing style here is just terrible . Someone needs to sit this author down and explain to him the meaning of `` show , do n't tell . '' Also , lots of his sentences are awkwardly worded or packed full of totally irrelevant details . There are also some grammar mistakes and typos . The writing style is simplistic overall , and the same phrases and descriptive words are used over and over.The characters are flat and boring . We do n't get much in the way of backstory for any of them , and none of them seem to have any real personality . I did n't care about any of these people.The book also is n't scary and does n't really provide any tense moments . The walking dead are virtually harmless - they 're extremely weak and easily pushed out of the way . The only people who end up being killed by them are two guys who purposefully commit suicide.Let me give you some examples of what I 'm talking about : When one character finds his friend and fellow survivor dead , he just says , `` Well , it 's too late for him . The poor f *** er 's done for . '' Seriously ? Who would ever say this upon finding their friend dead ? In the next paragraph , we 're TOLD that the character feels `` sadness , '' but he sure does n't act like it , and the death is never even mentioned again by anyone.Also , there are several instances where a member of the walking dead is referred to as `` obnoxious . '' Really ? I do n't think `` obnoxious '' is the word I 'd use to describe a REANIMATED ROTTING CORPSE . But I guess it sort of fits here , with these totally non-threatening zombies.Overall , the book is just incredibly boring . The characters are boring , the zombies are boring , and the events are boring . To top it all off , the ending is really abrupt and unsatisfying - none of the important questions are answered , and we do n't truly find out what will become of the survivors that we 've been following throughout the book .
 I ca n't believe people really enjoyed this book . It was tedious and dull . Nothing new happened once the stage was set . Of all the `` zombie '' reanimated-body books and movies , this has to take the cake as the worst , bar none . No character development at all . Nothing to make you care about any of the characters . No explanation or even conjecture about what the f _ _ _ has taken place . Just rotting flesh and shuffling bodies .
 This book is a collection of writings by Julian Cummings and assembled into a book by his wife as he lay terminally ill in 2002 . As such , the book has a number of problems
 I have an interest in the L-4 , and thought this might be interesting . I felt the book lacked military detail , and was too general in its presentation . I would have enjoyed more information about the places and events .
 So bad . How can people write a book about movie this boring . This book will be more useful as kitchen towel than reading . Stronger than any sleep aid And It says he is faculty in PSU , I 'm not sure about that I check and he comes out as waged stuff ? I do not know what exactly it means but is n't janitor wage stuff too ? So boring book .
 Emma Harte has incredible business acumen , but , for me , very little else . She was an immoral and unlikable character , and it was difficult to read 900 pages about a character whom I lack any compassion for . My first grievance about the novel is the inconsistency spread throughout the plot about basic facts . In the beginning , the author describes Emma as having about a 5 year age difference with her lifelong friend , Blackie . However , toward the end of the novel , they are only 3 years apart . In one chapter , Emma Harte is 29 years old , but about a year later -LRB- in the next chapter -RRB- , she is only 28 years old . Secondly , Bradford creates likeable supporting characters throughout the novel , and then she suddenly turns them into repulsive beings whenever it is convenient for her to build Emma up or to get rid of them . For example , Emma 's first husband was just a shy , orphaned landlord who was very generous and loving toward her . However , to build the reader 's compassion for Emma , the author suddenly turned him into an inconsiderate dud in the sack , which was completely unnecessary . How can I sympathize with Emma when she married a man devoted to her , but whom she used and did n't love . The author reaches too far to justify Emma 's actions by aiming to create an unlikeable character in the husband . Emma 's first dalliance was with Edwin , who was at first a very loveable , gentile boy . Then , the author turns him into a sudden coward in order to make Emma appear battered and stronger . -LRB- I also found it irritating that the author included at least five men who were madly in love with Emma throughout the book - just a bit too extreme -RRB- . At further moments , the author paints a picture where Emma is grieved by her relationship with her hateful eldest daughter , but she was , for the most part , an absent and uninvolved parent . Many children would be bitter under the same circumstance , yet the author victimizes Emma for her daughter 's lack of love toward her . The author has to turn her second husband into a philandering homosexual to overshadow Emma 's own adultery . Basically , the author had to make everyone else look despicable to make Emma look strong , when in opinion , Emma never grasped the importance of friendships and relationships over money . So I find it hard to believe that Emma was a strong , powerful , admirable woman . She thrived on hatred , and used people to accomplish her goals of burying those she hated . Therefore , the book did n't provide for me what its title promised .
 I got _ A Woman of Substance _ from the library , hoping it would entertain me for a day or so . It was so bad I skipped the middle half and just read the last chapter . Horribly cliched writing , unidimensional characters . I do n't usually write reviews , but I was so annoyed to see the 5-star rating , I had to . Sorry !
 Lots of names in this book , most I have no clue who they are . Tony Williams ? Rolf Bjorling ? Stephen Burks ? I think another column explaining who these people are would wrap this book up nicely . Also , too many empty or generic causes of death . A little research would fill in these blanks -LRB- death cirtificates are public information -RRB- .
 I purchased this item on August 15 , 2010 and it has not arrived . My daughter 's college class ends October 8th , so I 'm pretty certain at this point she will not receive the book in time .
 i first need to have it mailed to me before i write a frickking review
 If you have any interest in and concern for the written word in extended texts then this book is not for you
 Let me confess , the author 's being an Ericsson member -LRB- me , too :-RRB- further helped me to add this book to my library.I found this book an average book that is nothing but a good collection of information which you can find through internet.I expected the author to tell me from how to define effective user interfaces to how to combine servers , which directions to take about future apllications -LRB- positioning services , notification , charging etc. -RRB- I expected good examples from the industry , since the author was a practician , but I did n't find any concrete example from the real world that can really change the way I develop a WAP application -LRB- if I develop one -RRB- . I did n't find these ... Another reason for me to buy it was the CD-ROM . I thought it would be a good idea to have a collection of tools compiled in one CD for me . Let me tell you before you get frustrated like me . The whole 650 MB capacity CD contain the Nokia WAP Toolkit -LRB- an old version -RRB- , and a WAP Toolkit of Ericsson plus Ericsson R380 emulator and that 's it ! No editors , no GPRS simulators . I still can not understand why did they stick such a content-less CD at the back of the book.Good luck ...
 The table of contents looks very impressive , with wide coverage and lots of fancy looking terms and acronyms , but the book contents are quite disappointing , lack of depth . Good for someone who wants to know the terms . Not helpful for developers and industry professionals .
 This book is fun to look at but most , not all , of the recipes are extremely fattening . It is mostly made up of sweets and treats . There are a few healthy and nutritious items but overall you 'll see nothing but how to make cookies , candy and ice cream . I do n't recommend this book if you are trying to feed your children healthy snacks . These are n't snacks , they 're desserts .
 Hi ! I collect cookbooks and never give bad reviews but this book was awful ! There was n't one cute food idea that I would make for my child . I was hoping for cute snacks I could make for pre-school & this book was a waste of money . I got better ideas just off of the internet .
 The information in this book is good if you can slug through the boring format . I thought the imagine online was just a draw-in , but the book ACTUALLY looks like this . Remember generic beer in the 50s ? A lot like that.JO
 Good shipping but the pages were screwed up ! At about 170 it reverts back to 79 and repeats 40 pages leaving 40 pages of the novel out ! Terrible ! How the hell did this happen ! Check the pages .
 It 's vintage Vonnegut , but does n't bristle like Slaughterhouse 5 , B of Champions , or Galapagos . If you have n't tasted the genius of KV , I 'd suggest pushing this one to the edge of your plate until you 've chewed on some of his other works.William Olson , author of Right on Time .
 There was a kid named Jackson who was 14 years old who always went to vist his aunt sarah sho studied and helped people all across the world one day when Jackson went to see his aunt , she was in England . On his drive to see his aunt , they passed the Stonedhenge . Jackson looked out the window and saw a yound ma with a pnytail running as if some thing terrible was chassing him . Jackson saw some thing big liike a beast running behind him jump , bite , and kill him . Jackson told the driver , `` Stop , some one is being attacked '' ! The driver gets out , and they see there to help stop the beast , so they go out to try to stop it . Hit aunt gets bet by it , and the beast takes over her . The book is about how Jackson tries to kill the beastand save his aunt.It was exciting and thrilling because they keep chasing the monster , and things always go from bad to worse . I also thought that is was scary at parts and made you think about what was going to happen next . I liked it because it was like a horror book , the monster kills lots of people and hurts people , and it was also cool how it took over people when it bits them.I did n't like that the monster was invincible and could ' t be killed that easily . I do n't the fables of the stones . I also did n't like the way it began or ended . I did n't like the plot of the story and how the story ran to gather so quickly.OUt of all i give it a 2 out of 5 because it was a good story , and i liked it . I would probably read it once again but never 2 to 3 more times . It was ok but not the best book i ever read . Why i did n't give it a very high rating is because Im not into knowing what a story about Stonehenge really . I never really wondered what kind of powers it has or any of that stuff . I also did n't think that the monster was that scary . The only thing i realy liked about it was that it was more horrobook and it keeps you thinking .
 This is a disapointing , -LSB- try -RSB- at an action romance story.It puts young Jackson against a freaky mucus covered monster who is only defeated when a shingle falls on it .
 I can think of nothing right about this book . Its one redeeming quality is that it was not the movie based on itself ; it was , however , only slightly less disturbing .
 I was disappointed with this third installment in the series . There was nothing new introduced - other than a few new characters with the same profiles that former characters have had . Anna 's concerns have n't changed , her love life has n't changed , none of the scenarios seem to have changed , and there 's no sense of progress throughout the book.Furthermore , the author has been teasing us with glimpses of these other powers -- such as the Matriarch of Ranuck -LRB- sp ? -RRB- and the Spymistress of Wei , yet they continue to lurk on the fringes of the plot and do n't play much of a part at all . These characters have potential yet it never gets developed . I hope the author is n't going to drag us through several more installments before he decides to flesh out these players more.Like another reviewer said , this is just a regurgitation of the 2nd book -- even the spells are the same.One last thing , I quickly got bored by the endless dialogue about the chauvenistic men -- why wo n't they change , why wo n't they see the light ? blah , blah , blah . I felt like I was at some sort of feminist rally -LRB- and I 'm a working woman who firmly supports female equality -RRB- . It 's pretty clear the men of Defaulk are chauvenistic idiots . But the author shoves that idea down your throat so much you just want to scream , enough already , I get the point !
 Unlike the other volumes in the Spellsong series , I felt the characters in Darksong Rising were predictable and offered no depth . It seemed that Anna is faced with the same issues she faced in the last book . The villains are all one dimensional , power hungry , bigoted males . While these characters no doubt deserve their punishments , I would not want to read about them over and over again . This book was a disappointment .
 Simply badOnce I start a fantasy series , I tend to stick with it . This was my main reason for buying Darksong Rising . However , I intend to make an exception for this series from now on if the author does n't do the decent thing and abandon it.A typical scene from the book is as follows
 I enjoyed the first two in this series , but this one was , frankly , just stupid in places . Not only were the characters black-and-white cutouts rehashed from the previous books , but the sorceress herself was just plain dumb at times . If you know the Bad Guy uses huge drums to amplify his magic and you have this convenient spell that rains fire from the heavens , it might occur to any sentient being to hit the drums with the fire while the Bad Guy is asleep , instead of waiting until he wakes up and tries to defend himself . Apparently that 's too much to hope for.Also too much to hope is moral ambiguity and any chance that someone the sorceress dislikes at first glance will turn out to be anything other than a Bad Guy -LRB- possibly temporarily tolerated for Political Purposes -RRB- . I had high hopes for this series . Pity this book is in it .
 The first book in this series contained a very clever and fresh idea . The second book developed it nicely . The third book , however , is a disaster , and one can only hope from the ending , that it is the last . One of Modesitt 's strong points , certainly in the Magic of Recluse books , is to blend action with introspection within a more or less steady growth . This pattern certainly characterizes the first two books of the present series , and then it stops . Anna does not develop in the book , she makes no attempts at finding any sort of alternatives to flaming those she does n't like , nor does she look into some expansion of the magic that she does or any attempt at understanding it . She endlessly agonizes over whether or not she 's justified in killing thousands to impose her idea of what 's right , only to come to the conclusion that `` damn right , it 's justified ! '' Is it ? I think not . It 's certainly the easy way . In the first two books Anna thrashes about not knowing what she 's really doing . In this book she knows all too well . Not a very nice person , if you ask me . This book may appeal to fanatic feminists who would love nothing more than to off whoever disagrees with them , but I think that Modesitt has vastly oversimplified and not really wrestled with the issues as he has done so well in other books . A very , very disappointing book .
 Basic primitives ? Professor Milner , If you are writing a book for students , it helps if you make it comprehensible . We did n't all go to Cambridge .
 C. P. Snow 's THE MASTERS , the fourth in his STRANGERS AND BROTHERS sequence , is his best-known book and has often been hailed as his masterpiece . It 's been compared frequently to BARCHESTER TOWERS
 It has been a month since this order was placed I have not received it as yet
 I picked up this book at the library because I regard Jayne Ann Krentz as the best writer of romantic suspense on the market today . If you 've read many of her books as I have you 'll agree that her writing has matured since her Stephanie James period . There are a few elements in this story that found their way into later novels
 -LRB- Timmopussycat is the online nic of Tim Cunningham who earned a Diploma in Christian Studies from Regent College , Vancouver , BC . He is currently working on a full exegetical review of Bahnsen 's view of Matthew 5:17 -20 . -RRB- Theonomy derives from two Greek words meaning God and law respectively . Greg Bahnsen 's version of Christian ethics stands or falls on whether his understanding of Matthew 5:17 -20 , given in the chapter `` The Abiding Validity of the Law in Exhaustive Detail '' is correct . While Bahnsen presents his thesis in a way that at first glance looks highly convincing , it has been demonstrated that he is incorrect at so many points that his thesis can not stand.Unfortunately Bahnsen 's mistakes are not immediately obvious to those of us who are unfamilliar with Greek grammar and word meanings . An additional problem is that many of the folks who do know Greek have made their counterarguments to Bahnsen 's position in theological journals or unpublished academic papers such as Masters theses which layfolk do not normally run across . One key work , however , is still available to the general public and those considering buying `` Theonomy '' owe it to themselves to buy and read Vern S. Poythress ' book `` The Shadow of Christ in the Law of Moses '' before accepting Bahnsen 's thesis.To give but one example of what is involved , Bahnsen claims that the Greek word our Bibles normally translate `` fulfill '' in Matt . 5:17 should instead be translated `` confirm '' - a meaning for the word not found in classical Greek and not generally accepted as valid for New Testament Greek . Poythress in his chapter `` The meaning of plaroo '' reviews the evidence for Bahnsen 's suggestion and , while not deploying the strongest arguments against it , deploys enough to conclude that Bahnsen 's suggested translation must be rejected . -LRB- Lest any believe the oft made but incorrect claim that Bahnsen refuted Poythress ' arguments on this point in his later book `` No Other Standard , '' the truth is that Bahnsen refuted none of the arguments
 Bahnsen says `` it is the point of slightness that Jesus bring forcefully before us , not even the very least extensive number of the very least significant aspect of the old testament law will become invalid until heaven and earth pass away , it is hard to imagine how Jesus could have more intensely affirmed that every bit of the old law remains binding in the gospel age . '' The main verse used by theonomists is Matthew 5:17 -18 where Jesus says , `` Do not think that I came to destroy the Law or the Prophets . I did not come to destroy but to fulfill . 18 `` For assuredly , I say to you , till heaven and earth pass away , one jot or one tittle will by no means pass from the law till all is fulfilled . '' The problem for Bahnsen and the partial preterist -LRB- and futurists -RRB- is that the `` heaven and earth '' of 2 Peter 3 passed away in 70AD -LRB- which many partial preterists agree with , see Isaiah 51:15 -16 -RRB- . In this book he lists the 5 rules of theonomy .1 -RRB- The Christian is morally obligated to observed every jot and tittle of the Old Testament law , to disobey any point is to validate the whole law . -LRB- He cites James 2:10 which reads `` For whoever keeps the whole law but fails in one point has become accountable for all of it . '' -RRB- 2 -RRB- There 's a system or set or ceremonial laws .3 -RRB- The observation of this system of redemptive ceremonies was intended to be superceded , it was a foreshadow of Christ 's saving economy and has become obsolete with His historical work .4 -RRB- The continued observation of this system of shadows is to miss the true importance ; it is opposed to Christian faith and evidences condemning bondage . -LRB- which means no more sacrifices are to be made -RRB- 5 -RRB- In order to walk righteously before our God , we must identify and distinguish between ceremonial observances from moral observances.Another theonomist writes , `` We must observe all the ethical and moral principals of the old testament law . '' I agree with that and I know you do too . God has given us a conscience to know that lying , adultery , stealing , etc. is wrong . '' But the problem is that the theonomist goes farther then that . Bahnsen says that `` every bit of the old law remains binding in the gospel age '' , that includes the jots and tittles . Bahnsen writes on page 73 and 74 that `` jot and tittle are not broad , vague principals '' . He is right . Jots and tittles are every tiny Pharisaical , legalist detail ! If theonomy is true then the entire Christian church has been disobeying God 's law for almost 2000 years ! It means that the Old Testament ceremony laws , dietary laws , etc. are still in effect ! This is absurd ! The way Bahnsen gets away with this is that he cites but does n't quote Hebrews 8:13 in this book.Hebrews 8:13 says `` In that He says , `` A new covenant , '' He has made the first obsolete . Now what is becoming obsolete and growing old is ready to vanish away . `` But Bahnsen writes on page 194 from Theonomy in Christian Ethics `` Hebrew 8:13 says that the old age is past but the age of the Son is here to stay -LRB- Heb 8:13 -RRB- . `` That is a true statement now and anytime after the Old Covenant passed away , which was in 70AD . But this is not what the verse says . The verse says it was passing away . On page 209 Bahnsen writes , `` the Old Covenant has disappeared -LRB- Heb 8:13 -RRB- '' This is now true after 70AD but when the verse was written , which was before 70AD , it says it was disappearing . It had n't disappeared yet . I 'm sure this whole false view about the law has caused many Christian Reconstructionists to doubt their salvation.God 's only current law in the Christian age is the `` law of the Spirit of life '' and the `` ministry of the Spirit '' . -LRB- Romans 8:2 , 2 Cor 3:8 -RRB- .
 As you can read here already , the setting is the South in the 1880 's . Fancy is an unusual Yerby character in that she 's actually interesting and worthwhile . -LRB- Yerby usually ca n't write a decent female protagonist to save his life . -RRB- While struggling to make a better life , even if that means bellydancing for backwoods men , Fancy stays true to herself , despite all the talk and rumors from people who do n't really know her . She 's strong yet tender , resilient and willing to learn from her mistakes . You truly want to root for her , except for one thing . Her inexplicable love and devotion to Court Brantley . Court does NOTHING right . He cheapens her , ridicules her , shames her , doubts her , cheats on her , lies to her , abuses her and abandons her . You just want to reach into the book and shake Fancy while yelling , `` Cut him loose and let him sink on his own ! '' Alas , like too many women in real life , Fancy just keeps taking him back , hoping that one day he 'll change . He wo n't . They 're called ` loser ' for a reason , honey .
 This book was a disappointment to me and I should have researched it more before purchasing it . It was my hope to read about the settlers moving West on the old Oregon Trail but this book had nothing to do with that . Instead , it was an account of Parkman 's experiences as he traveled in some of the Western areas of the U.S. -LRB- Wyoming area , Black Hills , etc. -RRB- Much of his time was spent with the various Indian tribes as he befriended them and learned much of their culture . He also spent a great deal of time hunting . My real problem with his story is that it was so repetitive . Many of the accounts were similar and it seemed like we were going over and over the same thing . I read almost every thing I can find on Western adventure and exploration but this one is sure not on the top of my list .
 I 'm very , very interested in mental illness , and a fan of first-person tellings of stories like this . But I found Mr. Neugeboren 's writing to be incredibly irritating -- sentences with 4,5,6,7 or more commas -- parenthetical statements in the midst of far too many sentences . I found it to be tiresome and irritating . I have no way of knowing whether this is the author 's natural writing style , or whether he 's aiming for a poetic , disjointed sort of flow . In any event , it was a bummer to have so anticipated this book and have been so disappointed .
 This book was terrible , it was an expolitation of his brother , and a shameless way to promote his other books . No matter the situation , the author found a way to make a reference to another book he had wrote . It was poorly written , and jumps around quite a bit . Do n't waste your time or money on this book , or any book of this author 's .
 This book includes more of a random assortment of animals , like viruses and starfish , and not just urban animals . There is no mention of what distinguishes an urban habitat from any other . Many entries are n't specific enough about where you can actually find each animal , or what it eats . The mammals and bird sections are pretty good , almost good enough to buy the book . This should have been a larger book about all animals ; it is misleading to label this as an urban wildlife guide .
 I purchased this hoping to read something interesting and the author is pretty set in her own beliefs being right and those she is `` studying '' being wrong . I want to throw this book pretty much every time I pick it up . If you are buying it now and expecting it to be relevant , it is full of research from the 70 's and 80 's and written in the 90 's and truly views conservative women as needing to be fixed . Not worth the angst . Pick a different book .
 Of all the Herbert Norris books I have read , this one suffers the most from his preconceptions and inaccuracies . It is also the one that has suffered most from the passage of time , as subsequent archaeological research has revealed errors in what was considered , in Norris 's day , to be `` factual '' information about costume . The best thing about his book , in my opinion , is the meticulous line drawings of brooches and other items of period jewelry , but again , more recently published works contain excellent , full-color photographs of the same or similar specimens . Read this book if you enjoy Norris 's style , but do not accept anything in it blindly as much of it is plain wrong .
 I bought this script because it is on my community theatre 's schedule to perform in March . I was very surprised with how I little I liked the script in its entirety . I am familiar with Sure Thing because I worked on it in college , and was expecting more of the same ... quick witted , funny pieces that would easily make for a night of entertainment . Honestly , due to content and language , I do n't see how we can perform many of these plays on our stage . I know that the scholars are going to bash me , but from a director 's point of view , I vote to shelf this one . No audience is going to want to sit through all 14 of these plays when most wo n't make much sense to them . They want to be entertained and walk away with a thought other than confusion at the end of the night . This script is perfect for college theatre , but that does n't make me like it any more .
 As an actor involved in the production of several of the plays from all in the timing , while I 've found that the plays certainly are all memorable , and very clearly written by an INCREDIBLY intelligent person , far too often these plays suffer from being flat out unfunny . No , theyre not unfunny . The jokes just , far too often , come , and simply refrain from BEing funny . It 's unfortunate . The Universal Language is a play that is always FUN to do , and one that will never leave peoples brains , but it 's not entertaining because of any wit . This is what tends to happen to Ives . He gets going , and write a great play , but the characters do n't have much depth , are not particularly interesting to play , and do n't manage to actually be comical too frequently , so it 's really not worth it to want to participate in the plays . -LRB- With the GRAND exception of The Death of Trotsky -RRB-
 Wolfe hero worships the Irish , and all others rank below them.The Irish detective Martin , DAs Fitzgibbon and Caughey can do no wrong . The Italians , Jews and Wasps have their good points , but are flawed in one way or another . At the bottom are the `` dark people '' as Wolfe constantly calls them , who have created a great , dark hole in our once-great society . There is the single exception that proves the rule of the black public defender , though the narrative implies that his legal skills are inferior.Granted it 's an entertaining read , but do n't be fooled .
 i accidently entered the same review twice . I guess there 's is no delete button .
 This book is so incredibly overrated its sickening . its mainstream tripe for the philistine reader of our age.But I give this 2 stars instead of one , only because I suppose it will be good treadmill exercise for the reader that does n't read much and wants to make themselves feel literate .
 As my title states , a smart person does n't make a great writer of fiction . Through reading this novel I saw that Wolfe a lot of interesting ideas and is a rather well-studied individual , but his execution in this novel his terrible . He repeatedly destroys the momentum of the story with excessive detail . I found that I could often times skip fifteen pages and not miss anything but more pointless rambling about things that add nothing to the story . For example , Wolfe would often give us the salary of a character , then list how much he spends a month for food , clothes , cars , etc. . There is another point where he goes into a irrelevant discussion about Christopher Marlowe . I could picture Wolfe jumping up and down , shouting , `` HEY , LOOK WHAT I KNOW ! I CAN HAVE A DISCUSSION ABOUT EARLY MODERN ENGLISH DRAMATISTS !! '' Also , while I understand that this is a satire , the character development is poor and there is not a single individual that the reader can bring themselves to feel sorry for except for Henry Lamb and his mother . The rest of the time you feel like you are just reading about a bunch of selfish bigots . This could have been an engaging novel about the socio-political situation in New York City in the late 1980s . But instead it turned into a self-indulgent monstrosity.However , I would love to attend a lecture given by Wolfe . He seems like he would be an interesting person to listen to . But as a writer of fiction , he just does n't cut it for me .
 My one star review is for the General Books LLC version and relates to the low quality of the publication . Check the publisher of the version you 're buying before you place your order.General Books LLC created this book using automated OCR scanning . There are numerous typos and there may be missing pages . There 's absolutely no editing done -LRB- the publishers website states this clearly -RRB- . Overall , very poor quality at a higher priced than much better imprints from genuine publishers that actually edit their books . -LRB- Incicentally , the version you see when you `` Look Inside '' is from another publishers printing of this book -RRB- . Unfortunately , General Books LLC is flooding Amazon with these low quality imprints . You 've been warned .
 There are a huge number of typos that are very distracting and frustrating . As stated by other reviewers , multiple words in a row are smushed together and there are random symbols floating around the pages . I recommend going to a used books store or something similar to get the book , because this version is not worth the money .
 The digital copy of this book is poor with artifacts on almost every other page , makes it difficult to read at points , definitely not worth the price for the effort the publisher put in .
 ... but I easily could have . Bleah . Dull and racist . I am not much of a Tom Wolfe fan at this point , having read and been bored by both `` A Man in Full '' and `` Bonfire . '' I admit laughing at and being impressed by the vivid characterizations -- the prose and powerful description does keep you going , but the plot definitely does not .
 Tom Wolfe 's reputation as a good writer is one of those things that escapes me , rather like the appeal of figure-skating and the music of Dean Friedman . His fans claim him for a dazzlingly witty writer and an inventor of a whole new style of journalism - which style seems to me to be a pathological delusion that we are more interested in him than in what he writes about . His book on architecture is farcically shallow , and his major contribution to 20th century prose style seems to be the introduction of multiple exclamation marks to signify when he 's being funny.So , no , I do n't like him . Skip to the last paragraph if you feel you 've heard enough of my opinion . The Bonfire of the Vanities was a major publishing event , as it was Wolfe 's first venture into fiction ; he had claimed for years that contemporary fiction writers had abandoned the idea that fiction had anything to say about the real world , ignoring the fact that a really _ good _ novel like Pynchon 's `` Gravity 's Rainbow '' is chock-full of information about military technology , the complicity of America in colluding with Nazi science -LRB- hiring the borderline war criminal Werner von Braun to work on the space program , for example -RRB- and historical examples of genocide . Hence , he turned out this galumphing `` satire '' in which a yuppie is prosecuted for knocking down a black man in his car . Wow . Like , daring . Bret Easton Ellis ' `` American Psycho '' was a far more visceral registration of 80s greed than Wolfe had the nerve to dream up . The best thing about this book is that it gave rise to a very bad but far more entertaining movie.You may be interested to know that National Alliance , an extreme right-wing group devoted to raising the consciousness of the white race , list this book on their website as recommended reading , along with `` The Turner Diaries '' and the works of Alfred Rosenberg . You can even buy it from their online bookshop -LRB- National Vanguard Books -RRB- . I 'm sure Mr. Wolfe would not be happy to learn this , but if he were a better writer they would n't have found so much in his work to admire . Just thought it was worth pointing out .
 Bonfire may be the worst book I 've attempted to read in the last five years . I say `` attempted '' because I finally became so disgusted with the thought of wasting another second of my life reading this wretched book , that I at last put it down for good.To be fair , Mr. Wolfe has an excellent grasp of the 1980 's in New York , and from my own experience his descriptions of bond salesmen are pointedly accurate -LRB- allowing for slight artistic hyperbole -RRB- . Unfortunately , his characters so totally fail to captivate any sypathy/interest/buy-in on the part of the reader , that I when I would pick up the book to read a chapter or two , I found myself questioning my own judgement ... `` Why ? '' Some may say that the shallowness of the characters is exactly what Mr. Wolfe intended -- a perfect fit for the terribly cliche view of the 80 's as the decade of materialism . I believe that line of reasoning is just a poor excuse for bad character development . I feel no sympathy , distain or otherwise care at all about any of the characters or what happens to them . The only emotion cultivated by this text is one of disappointment that I bothered to read most of it.Bonfire stands as the only novel I 've started and never finished . I came to a point where I decided it was better to cut my losses and ditch the book rather than invest any more time in it .
 This book was a painfully unbalanced story to read because of the ridiculousness of the story . I rate it two stars because the author at least kept me going to see how it comes out in the end.Mostly it is a statement of the author 's perspective of rich Wall Street , the poor Bronx , the sad shape of New York 's criminal justice system -LSB- obviously pre-Rudy G. -RSB- and everyone else who sees life only as a game . Every character is either abusive of the power they have , or jealous because they have none . The only redeeming and real character in this book was detective Martin -LSB- and perhaps that is only because the author did n't have time to poke fun at him too ... or maybe he did and I did n't get it . -RSB- . The author tries to make a hero out of a drunk , two-bit reporter . He was actually nothing more than a pawn used by others to minipulate public opinion . The main character , Sherman , is a successful , high-powered Wall Street bonds trader . One would expect him to have more intellegence . Sherman makes a lot of unbelievably stupid mistakes in his personal life that are impossibly contrary to his successful professional life . We are supposed to believe that he can read into the minds of the international bonds `` crowd '' , predict market futures , and minipulate complicated billion dollar deals , but is manipulated by a sexy gold-digger just because of her Southern charm?Oh , yes , there was one other believable character in this book - Sherman 's 6-year-old daughter , Campbell . Poor thing ... her parents love her , but are so weak , she will never grow up normal.I admit , I did n't realize this was supposed to be a satire until I read the reviews on this site . Had I known , I never would have bought the book . There is no one in the book a reader can -LRB- or would want to -RRB- identify with or feel sorry for . Well , maybe Henry Lamb - but we never really know him .
 But it falls flat in the 90 's . I grew up in NYC during the 80 's and I remember the fear and the bizarre crimes that took place then so I understood the climate that the book was written in but Tom Wolfe just dragged everything out to the point that I had to simply skim it to get through it.I know many people loved this book but I really felt it was dated and the writing was bland .
 Perhaps I expected too much after hearing so many good things about this book . But I found it one of the most dull works of fiction I 've ever read . I admit that Wolfe does has a prescient insight into the 80 's greed mentality . But the writing and his use of language is sophomoric at best . This is one `` best-seller '' that clearly plays to a mass audience , but completely will be forgotten with time .
 A poor disjointed sketch of New York.This book came to me with great recommendation.Terrible disappointment.Characters not developed fully but left up in midair.Lots of cliches.Describes Bronx like an out of towner from Utah or somewhere , typical white reaction to black abodes.If police story is what you want , read Joseph Wambaugh.Honest stories , not grandiose cocktails of Bond Millionaires and Attornies.For cynicism and society parties , watch Woody Allen.No one person , not even Tom Wolf can sketch a true picture of New York.He has seen the tail of the elephant , the other blind men have seen the rest.New york is too big for writers to do justice .
 I have not bothered to read the last 100 pages of this book because the firtst 450 are just filled with self-serving , hypocritical , lying ogres . Everyone is either living a lie , milking the system , or worse . If you want to read about a corrupt world , where idealism is dead , pickup this book and read away .
 The book was defective . chapters repeated themselves or were skipped all together . Evidently there was something wrong with the printing of the book .
 I 've only read the first 100 pages and the book is excellent . The publishing of the book is unbeleivably bad , however . I ca n't even believe they could sell such a thing . There are probably 20 types per page . ItIsVeryCommonForWordsToBeSmashedTogetherlikeThis . W often appears as \ V. 81/2 appears as 8V2 . If you appreciate puzzles you may like this version , but if you actually want to know the story as Tom Wolfe intended it , you should skip this version and anything published by General Books LLC .
 Prior to actually reading it , my understanding of Bonfire was that it 's one of those `` must reads '' for any self proclaimed American bibliophile because it is a landmark piece of cultural satire . Now that I 've read it I can say that in no way does this book live up to ANY of its hype.Although this is not the first time this has happened , it never ceases to irritate me when I walk away from a book with no actual `` walk aways '' , ie , `` what a GREAT story ! '' or `` did not see that twist coming '' , or `` I need a moment alone ... those sex scenes were ridiculous ! '' After finish Bonfire , my only thought was , `` ok , so what ? '' The story takes place in NYC circa the 80 's . The focal character is a quintessential , self made yuppie , Wall Street bonds trader whose life comes crumbling down after he 's involved in an unfortunate late night encounter in the Bronx , apparently the borough from hell during this decade . What ensues is a strange smattering of social clich&eacute;s with little cultural context -LRB- I would 've loved more references to the political and pop culture landscapes of the time -RRB- and zero character development . I suppose you could draw some parallels with greed of Wall Street then to the all out corruption of Wall Street today but when the author seemingly has no opinion about it , there is nothing the reader can do with it.In short , this is 685 pages you could be spending elsewhere .
 I used to live in New York City , so I thought Tom Wolfe was right on target in describing its politics and different social scenes , and satirizing them . However , I could n't relate to any of the characters ; they were far too stereotypical and not enough like real people for my taste . You had your token Irish cops and pols , your token Italian pol/mafiosos , your token Upper West Side Jewish intellectual lawyers , and your token doofus WASP stockbrokers and socialites . I would n't be surprised if some people found these depictions insulting . Maybe I 'm personalizing this , but it 's also almost as if Wolfe is saying that if you do n't fit any of these stereotypes , you can never be a true `` hip '' New Yorker . I would have found this book more interesting had the characters been much more complex .
 This edition , all in italics , is full of typos because it is the result of scanning Bonfire of the Vanities and then reprinting it using OCR -LRB- optical character recognition -RRB- software . I 'm no lawyer , but this seems really sketchy . Regardless of the legality , the typos and italics make it hard to read . Do n't buy into this scam .
 I ordered two books -LRB- after hearing a review on NPR -RRB- for guys who travel a lot . NO way can I give them a book nearly two inches thick , almost 700 pages , and weighing a ton . So sad .
 I did n't understand why so many people liked this book many years ago when I read it , and I do n't understand it any better today . A lot of people said they thought it showed a good perspective of the corporate climate of the eighties , but that was only a tiny part of the novel . Stick to Liar 's Poker or Bombardiers for a better look.Most of this novel is taken up by a ridiculous crime story . There is not a single sympathetic character , so it is like spending however many hours in a room full of highly unpleasant people . Not only are they un-likeable , they are also unrealistic and they make unbelieveable decisions . The young , energetic stock trader who is all charm and confidence in one scene is suddenly socially awkward and unpopular in another scene . The smart , tough lawyer sends his client off to a romantic tryst wearing a wire , even though any idiot would know the chances of his taking off his shirt would be very high . Other characters are just caricatures
 I 'm not sure why this book got so many five star reviews . It 's not a terrible book , but I found it to be incrediably predictable and dull . I had pretty much figured out everything that was going to happen within the first hundred pages or so . There was n't much point in finishing it . I love long books , but this one was pointlessly so . Wolfe goes into a lot of useless rambling that has little if nothing to do with the plot . I found myself skimming many of the pages without feeling I has missed out on anything important . Definately the sort of book you read only if there is nothing else around .
 I thought that the use was well understated . I received the book and the jacket was practically falling to pieces .
 I already own this book , just purchased the Kindle edition and it is disappointing . It just looks like a badly scanned pdf .
 I am not a Robert E. Howard-only Conan book fan -LRB- although Howard is clearly the best -RRB- , and have found other author 's efforts at fleshing out Conan tales very enjoyable . This particular book , however , was not enjoyable . It was more like a chore that required a lot of discipline to continue reading . I still thought of bailing out with only about 60 pages to go!Maybe the cover art , with the demon that looks like Yoda on steroids , made it impossible for me to take the demons in the book seriously . The artist , Ken Kelly , is superbly talented , but this was one of his weaker efforts.Green dedicates this book to a Guild of Exotic Dancers . He should have - the scenes that include exotic dancers in this book are the only memorable ones . These only take up about 25 pages or so , however , and the rest of the book is forgettable . The characterization is shallow and fails to pull you into the story . There is never really any sense of danger throughout the book ; it is the most moodless book I have ever read . The endless references to spells are tiresome . No settings are successfully created . The female leads in the story prance about in the buff for almost the entire book . It is as if the plot is so weak that the only thing that the author can do to gain the readers attention is to describe someone discarding their tunic every chapter . Believe it or not , fellas , it loses its appeal real fast.Conan is scarcely recognizable , has no wit , and is basically a big guy with a big sword and a big libido . It may well be that Green has matured as a writer since penning this book , but I 'll never trust him with my time again . If you are committed to reading every Conan book on the planet , this should be on the bottom of the pile . Why Tor ever published this book is beyond me .
 I love the book I have the DC version of the book and I loved it . So when Marvel finally did one I was jumping for joy . Until I got the book and I started to read it . their are so many typos and things wrong with it . Some one was not doing there job when editing the book . And Im not just talking oh a little thing in a character bio or characters missing . I 'm talking characters with the names of others and the bios of other characters . Its so bad I thought about sending the bookback.If anyone else out there with the book has the same issue I would love to know , I have a friend with the same problem with the book . But he did n't purchase it from Amazon . Can anyone Tell me what I should do if I want to get a new one . Do I go through Marvel or Amason ?
 There is n't enough information on individual characters . -LRB- There are a lot of them , and there are pictures , but the pictures take up some much space that there 's none left for details . -RRB-
 In this age of wikipedia , you need chutzpah to produce a book with `` encyclopedia '' in the title . This is especially true when your book is as full of errors , typos and omissions as is The Marvel Encyclopedia.I think the omissions are the worst thing about the book . I was disappointed to find some of my favorite characters did not have entries . ROM , X-23 and the Micronauts were all missing . Others characters were included in a group 's member listing , but did not have their own entry or even an illustration -LRB- e.g. many of the earlier Guardians of the Galaxy -RRB- . A few characters had an entry inappropriately small compared to their importance to the Marvel universe . Thanos , a major cosmic villain , had the smallest entry size -LRB- about 1/8 of a page or smaller -RRB- . My other major complaint is the sloppiness of the illustration editing . Often images are mirrored with hilarious side-effects . Nick Fury 's main illustration has him wearing a patch over his right eye . The Human Torch is wearing a backward 's 4 in one image . I know that images are often reversed to produce a pleasing layout and to draw the eye through the copy flow . For example , you might want to avoid pictures of people looking off the edge of the page . But you would n't want to sacrifice subject matter for the layout!The layout decisions made in this book make me think the layout and editing were done by people so unfamiliar with the subject matter they could not even identify when reversing an image might detract from its meaning or importance . This book , like most DK books , was published in China . I wonder if it was also layed out and edited over there -LRB- despite the claims on the credits page , which list prominent Marvel editors -RRB- ? This would certainly explain the poor editing quality and silly layout choices.Overall , a fun book to thumb through , but frustrating and disappointing once you start looking at it closely . NOT worth the money .
 I loved the DC Encyclopedia and expected the Marvel Encyclopedia to be of equal quality , so I bought it without even cracking the spine . I would expect this to be incomplete and it is
 I was really disappointed in this book . Many facts were wrong such as first appearances of many of the characters as well as powers were entered incorrectly . Also some major characters had a small amount of room while almost no-names ad half a page . I realy enjoyed the DC Cmics Encyclopedia that DK put out . The Marvel book really let me down . I atually regret buying this book .
 I was so delighted to get this book , but my happiness lasted until I read the first page . They mixed up characters with the picture of one and the entry of another . Example
 I am a grad student in ME specializing in thermal engineering , I 've taken undergrad heat transfer and I have strong graduate level math and fluids background . Now that you know some of my credentials , let me say I HATE THIS BOOK ! It skips steps and explanations ! I am leaving this review to warn anyone who is learning this subject to runaway very fast from this book , you wo n't learn anything and you 'll suffer ... There are many better convective heat transfer books out there . The only good thing about this book is the numerous references to other books.On a last note
 I get the impression that the reader from NH is the only reviewer to have tried to solve some of the problems in this book . There is no possible way to solve these problems . They are on subjects and situations not covered in the book , and even if they were , good luck in understanding Bejan 's writing . He skips massive steps , giving only solutions and equations without explanations . Not everyone like reviewer Jeff Booth was born understanding convective heat transfer , so some of us must learn from books . Do yourself a favor and do n't buy this one . I only hope that Dr. Bejan reads these reviews and that they discourage him from making another failed attempt at text book writing .
 This is by far the worst textbook I have had for any class . As a graduate student in mechanical engineering I suggust anyone who thinks to use this book to avoid it . Bejan is the most arrogant writer I have ever seen . He cuts the most complex areas of his proofs out of the book , plus there is not a single example in it . THIS BOOK IS HORRIBLE .
 Comparing this book with other books that also cover the same area -LRB- like Lonely Planet 's Montreal Guide , or the excellentMichelin Green Guide to Quebec -RRB- , this book is pretty poor onunique information . Almost all of the sites are listed on other tourist sources , and the majority of the ` off path ' information consists of individual restaurant and B&B reviews . Almost of all of those are pretty glowing and effusive , and read like advertising copy.The Green Guide has a lot more information all around and is better laid out for a very similar price .
 I give this book two stars instead of one because it fills a gap in my film noir book collection , but I have to say it has dated badly . I bought because I loved Alain Silver 's book Noir Style , which is a collection of black-and-white stills from film noir classics , with marvelous commentary . But the Film Noir Reader opens with a collection of essays from the 1970s that display everything bad about the 70s , academic , pretentious , pompous , over-anxious to establish a high-brow status for a low-brow art form -LRB- at least it was then -RRB- . In the 2nd and 3rd sections , the `` up-to-date '' essays , we get , for instance , an analysis of the TV show Miami Vice in terms of its film noir elements ... Miami Vice ???
 How to take a facinating subject and make it seem deadly dull . I suggest that you movies online , get 'em and watch 'em . If you like faux academia , then this is the text book you will want .
 It was okay ... but with such a great story to work with , this is really not an effort that is worth anywhere near the price they are charging . I 'd say skip it and go read the story on Wikipedia .
 When I read the introduction of this book It was immediately clear it did not begin with the basics of GD&T . The books introduction assumes you are familiar with the fundamental principals of this system . This book may be great for someone already GD&T experienced wishing to improve their skills . For the inexperienced looking to learn from the ground up I would look elsewhere .
 This book is poorly organized and written . Even the introduction requires the reader to understand material not yet introduced until later chapters . The author repeatedly alludes to subtleties and nuances which obscures clear meaning and hinders the learning process . The book is unreadable and I am returning it for credit .
 Once again , McDermott 's verbal mastery takes you to the place of which she writes as clearly as if looking through a window on the scenes she describes so vividly . However , compared to `` Charming Billy '' , this piece is disappointing . While very well written descriptively , I found it slow . The opening act caught my attention and I continued to read hoping for more of the same alure ... it was not to be found . I actually skipped paragaphs and entire pages and was able to continue as if the skipped parts were of no importance to the story at all . While I would recommend Ms. McDermott 's work , I would not recommend this particular book .
 Men actually leave their yards and talk to one another . Children lie to each other about who does and who does not know how babies are made . Women spy on the house of another woman they do n't much care for . And perhaps most shocking of all , Mrs. Carpenter sits in a chair that she purchased with no intention of sitting in . It sounds like suburbia to me . But in Alice McDermott 's That Night , these actions are highly transgressive acts that violate the limits of the characters ' previously circumscribed roles in the neighborhood . For men , that means not leaving your yard and barely saying hello to anyone . For women , the role is that of the stay-at-home gossip , fantasizing about widowhood and asking , about Sheryl 's mother Ann
 Come on , people , get over yourselves . You could find a hundred lovely writers out there , and while McDermott may be one of them , it does n't mean there 's anything particularly interesting about this book . It 's filled with such melancholy and self-importance about subject matter that is really cliche at this point . Lovers torn apart , young children in the neighborhood wondering how babies are made , teen pregnancy . It 's like something a junior high class might read.McDermott might be trying to pull off something magestic here , but it just comes off as weird . Why is this first person narrator , who is n't even a main character in the story , wandering through these people 's lives like a ghost , and killing them all off ? That 's right , when McDermott runs into a situation that 's rather dull , which is often , she gives us a little aside about someone 's child dying . It 's manipulative and cheap writing .
 I was eager to read the book after watching the film on BBC2 -LRB- England -RRB- . I expected the novel to be more descriptive , imaginative and more three dimensional than the film but found it to be quite sketchy and without fluidity . It jumped from past to present and from scene to scene quite disjointedly and I found it difficult to continue reading for I felt like I 'd read the same paragraph over and over . As a result of this the only characters which seemed to convey themselves as three dimensional were that of Rick and Sheryls ' . There did n't seem to be any revelation at the end of the story , I guess with having knowledge of that era that it would be quite obvious in the way things ended , with broken teenage love and little thought for the result of that . Quite disappointing overall , though worth watching the film .
 i had to read this book in school . it 's horrible . it 's annoying . There is no point to the story . It is n't even fun to read . I would keep reading , expecting something great to happen , but nothing ever happened . i skimmed the last 25 pages -- it was that boring . there are quite a few typos in it as well . everything about it is pure cliche . the first few pages are good , then it stops . it 's like , mcdermott had imagination when she began writing it , then she went braindead . i would not recommend it to anyone .
 The movie `` That Night , '' was a wonderful love story between the town sweetheart and the rebel , taking place in the late 1960 's . Sheryl and Rick were the ideal couple , except for the fact that Sheryl 's family and town had a big problem with Rick . As told by the watching 10-year-old neighbor Alice , she follows the relationship as if it were her own . The book on the other hand should not even be touched . It had no connection to the movie 's main theme of love.In the movie , the more Sheryl and Rick 's love grows , the more the townsmen start to hate Rick and his bad-influence friends . When Sheryl becomes pregnant and is forced to leave Long Island and move to Ohio , Rick is heartbroken . Alice then secretly helps Rick find Sheryl and rekindle the love they once had . The book `` That Night , '' by Alice McDermott takes on a whole other scenario , which was not significant in the movie . This makes it confusing to the reader . `` That Night , '' in the book refers to the night Rick and his friends came looking for Sheryl and got into a huge fight with the town husbands . `` That Night '' in the movie refers back to the night where Sheryl and Alice snuck out of their homes and met up with Rick . The book throws the reader off , with all the flashbacks and referring to the night of the fight . You ca n't feel the characters in the book , or even try and relate to them . You have the usual love story with twp kids in love and a town trying to break them apart . The author shows no connection to this problem , or what actions they took to try and fix it . Instead , the narrator , Alice , referred back to the fight way too many times , and after a while , you lose interest . In the movie however , you can distinctly identify the problem , and relate to it . Rick 's love for Sheryl was undying , even when she did get pregnant and had to move away . You physically saw the tight bond between them and the measures he took to find and save her.I definitely give this book two thumbs down . It was too confusing for the reader and you were n't able to personally connect to their relationship . I do not recommend it to anyone who liked the movie , or just wants to read a nice love story . I recommend the movie more than anything , which was great . It showed the unlimited measures one guy took to see his true love again and spend the rest of his life with her .
 For some reason , people keep recommending this book as a romance . This book mocks romance with all the cold-blooded WASPy detachment of its setting . The only interesting thing about it was that there was a character with the same name as me , which is rare , but that 's not a good enough reason for anyone else to read it .
 This book is hard on the eyes.I read part of it and gave up . All the graphs are printed in blue and uses different types of shading to show different regions . The font size is about 8 or 10 . The size of the book is ackward more like what is suited towards an advertising pamphlet . Quite clearly , Penguin is being super cheap about printing this book . It was published in the last few years so I 'm totally confused what 's the issue here . I mean come on . I can print full color pages on my laser printer for about 3 cents a page . Why ca n't a big fancy publisher like Penguin do a decent job printing a book?Buy a different book , your eyes will thank you !
 I ordered this as a gift for my Ma.When I visited her a few weeks later I saw something that looked likea high schooler had copied at kinkos.The type is blurry and smudged.Some paragraphs are unreadable.Will Amazon take it back?No , it been more than 30 days ... 40 days to be exact.I will not purchase gift books from Amazon again ... better off going to Borders ... get aclean copy and ship it yourself .
 Great book -LRB- content wise -RRB- - really bad quality , the binding broke and pages started falling out within less than 2 months .
 This book was recommended to me by a friend who claimed that it provided a very logical defense of Christianity . After reading it , I concluded that if this is the reputation that this book has , then it is certainly undeserved . I gave this book 2 stars instead of one only because Lewis is a decent writer . He is clear and easy to understand . Other than that , however , the arguments in this book are very poorly reasoned . Below I have provided just some out of numerous examples of Lewis 's fallacious arguments .1 -RRB- Lewis discusses what he calls the `` Rule '' or `` Law of Right and Wrong . '' On p. 5 , Lewis states that in regard to this law `` everyone knew it by nature and did not need to be taught it . '' On p. 12 , he says that `` I fully agree that we learn the Rule of Decent Behavior ... as we learn everything else . '' On p. 29 , he talks of the `` Moral Law which He put into our minds '' and on p. 56 that `` He left us conscience , the sense of right and wrong . '' So which is it ? Do we know this law automatically by our nature ? Do we learn it ? Or does God implant this knowledge into our heads ? Logically , it can not be all three . Obviously , Lewis can not make up his mind .2 -RRB- In chapter 2 , Lewis makes the point that morality is not a mere social convention ; that moral laws `` like mathematics , are real truths '' -LRB- p. 12 -RRB- . On this point , I fully agree with him . However , mathematical truths , like all scientific truths , are established through logic and/or evidence . Moral truths have to be established in the same way . Yet Lewis does n't even offer an argument for the fundamental moral `` truth '' which he endorses . On p. 20 , he states that '' ... all you are really saying is that decent behavior is decent behavior . You would have said just as much if you had stopped at the statement , ` Men ought to be unselfish . ' And that is where I do stop . '' So Lewis openly admits here that he has no reason as to WHY you ought to be unselfish . This is no coincidence since no valid reasons exist to be unselfish . Unselfishness does not simply mean being benevolent and fair towards others . A morality of unselfishness means that one ought to be unconcerned and indifferent to one 's own life and welfare - '' ... a really humble man ... will not be thinking about himself at all '' -LRB- p. 128 -RRB- . Practiced consistently and as a matter of principle , unselfishness can only lead to self-destruction . Is this an exaggeration ? I 'll let Lewis answer this question for me . On the last page of `` Mere Christianity , '' he states `` Submit to death , death of your ambitions and favorite wishes every day and death of your whole body in the end . '' If anyone reading this would like to learn about a rational morality that is logically derived from facts , then I would highly recommend the introductory book `` Loving Life '' by Craig Biddle .3 -RRB- On p. 69 , Lewis expresses frustration that when most people think of morality , they think of `` something that interferes , something that stops you having a good time . '' Yet , he has a whole chapter devoted to the alleged `` virtue of chastity '' and on p. 202 he suggests that masturbation is a sin . Also , on p. 86 , he claims that `` the only safe rule is to give more than we can spare ... If our charities do not pinch or hamper us , I should say they are too small . There ought to be things we like to do and can not do because our charities expenditure excludes them . '' Now , if people accept this view of morality , then Lewis has absolutely no reason to be indignant that people view morality as `` something that interferes '' and `` stops you having a good time '' because that certainly IS an accurate assessment of Christian morality .4 -RRB- On p. 55 , Lewis states that `` A man can accept what Christ has done without knowing how it works
 I know many people adore this book and are very hostile to low-star reviews so I want to be very careful to explain my viewpoint in a way that is fair and reasonable.SECULAR HUMANISTI am a Secular Humanist . That means I believe in truth , testing beliefs , evidence , ethics , growth , enriching human life , and enriching the world for future generations . I tell you this to assure you that I believe in many positive things and generally have a lot of hope for humanity and a lot of appreciation for positive instruction . For this reason , I appreciate a lot of the positive instruction that Lewis gives in Books III and IV . I am glad he has a positive attitude and these two sections of the book may very well do some good.However , I also believe in the testing of beliefs . I do not accept anything without question and any of my beliefs is always open to question . That does not mean I believe in nothing strongly . I very much do . But you can always change my mind with a reasonable argument or evidence . I 'll never cling to any belief with complete unmoving certainty . As limited human beings I am convinced that we could never have any such invincible beliefs.With this foundation , I read the first two sections -LRB- Books I and II -RRB- of Lewis 's book . Here is what I found : INNATE MORALITYIn Chapter 1 , Lewis makes the praiseworthy analysis that all human beings have an innate morals . He shows this with undeniable examples . Essentially he shows that we all wish to be moral . Whenever someone calls us immoral , we instantly try to set our reputations right again . We may do this by apologizing and admitting wrongness or we may do it by defending ourselves and showing rightness . But either way , we are concerned with being in the right again . Either way , we are all concerned with morals.However , at the end of this otherwise laudible chapter , Lewis makes a sudden , weighty , unjustified assumption
 After having only read the first five chapters of this book , I can already conclude that in my opinion , this book fails miserably at presenting a logical argument for the basis of Christianity . Lewis employs one logical fallacy after another in the first few chapters to prove that there is some Universal code of conduct -LRB- whether we follow it or not is our own personal decision -RRB- . He claims that set A of morals obviously is `` more correct '' than set B of morals , as set A models itself more closely to the Law of Human Decency . His argument is strongly based on his belief that morality does not change over time , nor does it differ in any significant way from culture to culture.This is simply untrue , and his entire argument can so easily be disproved that a child could come up with sufficient counterexamples . Two quickly jump to mind ... Firstly , attitudes towards homosexuality -LRB- homosexuals are abhorrently immoral in the eyes of Christians , but homosexuality was considered a blessing in the eyes of North American Indian religions -RRB- . Secondly , attitudes towards drugs -LRB- Christians seem opposed to drugs and view drugs as being immoral , whereas many other cultures embrace drugs and find them to be a wonderful tool of knowledge -RRB- . Who is to dictate which culture is more right in this case ? Christians would obviously state that they are correct , seeing as homosexuality is condemned by the Bible . However , to say that Christians are correct would be to use the assumption that Christianity is correct , which is what Lewis is trying to prove in this book . You can not use an assumption to prove an assumption ! -LRB- The sky is green . Hence , the sky must be green . -RRB- Lewis ' logic often resembles something akin to using examples to prove a point . Anyone who understands basic mathematics would realize that examples are utterly insufficient in proving a theory . I can easily say that 0 + 1 = 1 and 2 + -LRB- -1 -RRB- = 1 , hence any two numbers added together must equal 1 . But clearly 3 + 3 = 1 is a ridiculous statement to make.Thus , sadly , there is little point for me in continuing to read this book , as Lewis will be extending his argument for Christianity based on his earlier arguments , which I believe I have sufficiently disproven.I give this book two stars because despite the fact that I think Lewis ' arguments are flawed , his writing style is excellent.I realize that some of the Christians here will mod down this review as being unuseful , but just because my views disagree with yours does not indicate that my review is any less valid , important , or useful than your own . There is no harm in disagreeing and I hope I inspire at least one of you to read this book more critically and formulate your own arguments for the validity of Christianity . I read your reviews with an open mind . I hope that you will do the same with mine .
 I had heard so many good things about this book , and have known of its sacred position amongst countless Christians -LRB- of which I am . -RRB- However , I was disappointed with this book.Sadly , C.S Lewis opens this book by attempting to prove God through logic . While I think Lewis makes some pretty good arguments -LRB- though you wo n't find much in these arguments that you 've not heard before from other great thinkers -RRB- , that does not mean they are bullet-proof arguments . Many will think of Lewis 's arguments as greater than they really are , simply because he is able to adorn it with a very powerful and fanciful command of the English language and imagery -LRB- But that should not be unexpected , as he is a literary scholar from Oxford . -RRB- One thing that is always shocking to see is that a great deal of many Christians boast of how you can prove God through philosophy . But , many are not willing to accept you can not . You can not come to a saving knowledge of Jesus Christ through ` Mere Philosophy . ' You can only come to a saving knowledge of Jesus Christ by having a revelation of Christ in your heart because the gospel has been proclaimed . Despite this , Lewis attempts to prove God not through the power of the gospel , but through man 's ability to reason . The gospel message itself seems like but a ` Mere Ornament ' by which Lewis decorates his Christmas tree -LRB- philosophy -RRB- . Lewis also goes about describing the Christian life and doctrines , and what it means to be a new creation and other such things . But , despite talking about Christian things , he tends to lean on logic and fanciful parables than on Scripture . Lewis puts some things remarkably well , and has some great insights to these things . But , it is burried in a bunch of things he need not have said.Also , Lewis in this book only claims to being able to defend and talk about the Christian position as is generally embraced by all of Christiandome . And usually , he does not deviate from this pattern in his book . However , when it comes to doctrines concerning free will and evolution , he seems to deviate from the purpose of the book . I believe in free will , and I do not believe in evolution , but , Lewis talks about these things as if they were commonly embraced by Christiandom at large . When in fact , many branches of Christianity do not believe in free will , nor do they believe in evolution.There are many other flaws with the book , of which I will not get into . If you have not read this book , do consider reading it , as it is one of the most popular books written in the last 100 years . However , you would probably be better off getting a copy from the library than giving amazon.com money for this . You could find a better book out there to put on your bookshelf .
 Lewis is skilled with the language , so the book is a pleasure to read . But it is simplistic , relies on assumptions , and over-uses analogies .
 For some reason Harper Collins specifically arranges for Canadians who buy ebooks via the Amazon.com website to get higher pricing and exclude them from sale pricing . I ca n't imagine why , it takes no more to deliver to us wirelessly and I 'd have to assume our converted US funds are just as good .
 I thought this was going to be much better than it was . I had high expectations because of the good things I 've heard about CS Lewis but I was very disappointed .
 Reading this book one is struck by the author 's style , so much a product of his time and place . Lewis had a good intellect and a good command of his subject . But this is not a textbook , nor is it even an examination of the fundamental beliefs underpinning Christianity . It 's a pep rally intended to persuade the uncertain that Christianity is the one true religion and correct in all its basic assumptions . As such it must fail because this can only be determined by faith.What is so fascinating is how Lewis develops his mild-mannered sweet style , a voice so unassuming you would forgive him anything . He is always refined , logical , and methodical , sometimes painfully so . Thus , when in the middle of a rational sentence you find a phrase like , `` Every time an English child sticks a fork into an electrical outlet , ten Chinese men laugh uproariously , '' one simply nods one 's head in agreement.Sadly , this charm does not qualify as intellectual honesty , what Lewis is passing off as rigorous logic would get him thrown out of a freshman year philosophy class . He uses misdirection regularly , sometimes flat denial , other times simply skirts by issues , and even defines things by their opposite!When I watch an unctuous televangilist banging on the bible and asking for money , I know I 've got a huckster who , in another life would have been a used car salesman . What makes this book so incredibly dangerous is that its lunatic message is delivered with grace , dignity , and erudition . The man with the briefcase steals more than the man with the gun .
 A friend recommended this book as something that would encourage `` logical '' belief in God . I doubt he read it himself , first.Most of the claims he makes are based on assumptions , which makes for very frustrating reading .
 Author 's argument for belief in God apparently is derived from what he sees is our innate knowledge of the law of right and wrong . I 'm confused as to why christian apologists often assert this as something obvious , when it seems to me to be anything but obvious . Ants behave for the good of the colony rather than for their own benefit . Does that mean that ants know right and wrong ? Or are some socially co-operative behaviors simply instinctual ? Of course much of our moral behavior has been taught to us as well , which helps to explain why there are such vigorous disagreements as to what is right and what is wrong . But what I DO N'T see about morality is what the author asserts , i.e. that we all agree on the same morality and that the existence of this morality is spooky and mysterious.Of course christians will claim that this is a wonderful book and the fact that non-christians do n't `` get it '' only goes to show that they must be non-christians . But is n't the point of the presentation to persuade ? On that score a can not rate this book very highly .
 This book builds up chapter by chapter as sort of an argument for Christianity . The first chapter tries to argue that all people , for all time in all cultures , all have an inante sense of Moral Law , and despite minor differences , everyone has the same Moral Law , and that therefore , there must be a God.I find it incomprehensibly narrow minded that Lewis feels the only explanation for humans having common , cross cultural behavior , is a God . I was hoping for this book to keep me interested for quite a while , but instead I 'm getting a rehashing of Descartes , and no credit is even given !
 C.S. Lewis does a diservice to Christianity in this book . His views are narrow and his explanations both condescending and banal . The statement that Jesus can be only the son of God , or one of a demon is ridiculous and serves only to keep himself feeling safe . He ignores scripture by stating this . `` All things I have done , you can do also and more ... '' He ignores what does not fit his preconceived notions and speaks primarily to and for old women wanting the assertions that they have always believed in validated by an intellectual . He takes no risks in this . He does not stretch his mind , or the reader 's imagination . It 's old dogma spoken in a modern and rational language . It 's dull in the extreme .
 I do n't want to appear as an ally of Satan -LRB- God forbid ! -RRB- , but I do n't think this is the impeccably argued treatise so many people think it is.It appears to be a work of propaganda more than a work of philosophy . I have in mind , particularly , the giant switcheroo pulled on the reader between Book I and Book II.Book I is a reasonable discussion of the `` moral sense '' or `` moral law '' in human beings , something which made a great impression on Kant and , more recently , on Anthony Flew . From this , Lewis argues himself to a position which he himself calls `` theism , '' and at one point warns the reader that any discussion of Christianity is `` a hundred miles off . `` Well , it 's not.Flip the pages to Book II , and suddenly you are plunged into the thick of organized religions -- how some of them are pantheistic , etc. etc. . And then we go right into the question of Jesus Christ . Lewis famously insists that Jesus was -LRB- a -RRB- God himself in human form -LRB- b -RRB- a loonie or -LRB- c -RRB- something much worse , such as an emanation from Satan.In my opinion , he ignores the gospel record . If you pick up Mark and read it dispassionately , you will discover that Jesus was a faith-healer , an exorcist , and a miracle-worker . According to Schweitzer , he predicted his second coming within the lifetime of his disciples . I do n't need to pick one of the cards which C. S. Lewis tries to force on me ; I simply note that he was wrong . -LRB- Lewis does not even mention this problem , technically known as the `` delayed parousia . '' -RRB- This is not a convincing book , and I will continue to regard Lewis as a second-rate author .
 Although technically well written , Lewis ' argument stumbles from one questionable assumption to the next . The result is a sad parody of logical thought.For a Christian this book is a gift , it reinforces faith that already exists . For those on the edge of faith , Lewis might be the push they are searching for . Other than that , it is unlikely to have any lasting effect on the reader .
 C.S. Lewis is without doubt the finest Christian apologetic who ever lived . While reading `` Mere Christianity , '' I could not help being impressed with his persuasive writing style and heart-felt conviction . Upon closer inspection , however , subtle ambiguities come to light . Though they are too numerous to mention here , suffice it to say that Lewis relies on emotion rather than logic and empiricism to reach his `` logical '' conclusions . On the positive side is his irreproachabe sincerity
 This is just more of the same explanations people have been making to justify the existence of god for centuries . There is nothing new in it . It offers no new light on the question of god . I find it interesting that so many people are converted to Christianity by this book . Lewis just drove me that much further from believing in a god , whether Christian or otherwise .
 We read this book for my bible study group . There were mixed views on it ... I myself was n't a huge fan of the book for a few reasons . This book is based on radio broadcasts by Lewis a long time ago , and as a result a lot of the things Lewis discusses do n't account for recent developments and modern day things that affect Christianity . Also , I felt like Lewis was a bit closed minded in his scenarios and theories about Christianity . However , I have heard people say that they converted to Christians after reading this book so maybe there is something I am missing . It is n't the best book for a discussion , its probably better for reading for yourself . The book does discuss interesting topics and like Christianity and Marriage , Faith , Hope , etc. . Overall , although I did n't like it too much , i do n't regret reading it either , so maybe that says something for the book .
 I `` read '' this with my Sunday School Class -LRB- all over 30 -RRB- to gain insight into our beliefs and found that I strongly disliked it . The man talks in circles , argues his case for atheism , attempts to sell Christianty but fails misberably . I would never recommend this book to a believer or non-believer . It is nothing short of jibberish .
 C.S. Lewis was a theistic old earth evolutionist . The last known writing of Lewis he still had not renounced evolution . This evidence is in contradiction to the Bible.Mere Christianity 's main premise is logically false . Natural Law . It can only be Designed law a Biblical perspective or Natural law an evolutionary concept . It can not be both and was not intended to be both . Mere Christianity was written from an evolutionary worldview . . Take the blinders off . C.S. Lewis struggled with the same logical fallacies that today 's Christians do . In his lifetime he never believed the Bible was the infallible divine word of God.Let his own words prove what is true . `` If ... you mean simply that man is physically descended from animals , I have no objection '' -LRB- The Problem of Pain , p. 72 -RRB- `` I have therefore no difficulty accepting , say , the view of those scholars who tell us that the account of Creation in Genesis is derived from earlier Semitic stories which were Pagan and mythical . '' -LRB- Reflections On The Psalms , p. 110 -RRB- .
 The problem I 've always had with Christianity -LRB- among other religions -RRB- is that it tells you what 's wrong with you without asking for any feedback from you -LRB- unless your feedback agrees with Christian theology -RRB- , then offers the `` only possible way '' to fix you . And should you feel that `` the way '' honestly does n't make sense to you , you 're told that 's part of your problem . And further , that if you do n't come around to `` the truth , '' the worst tortures await you.Does that tactic sound familiar ? Think fascism , communism and every other flavor of totalitarianism . The tragedy of Christianity -LRB- and , again , of quite a few other religions -RRB- is that it turns the Source of Life and Love into just another dictator , and turns us into that dictator 's eternally cringing underlings . That may be Christianity 's idea of God , but it certainly is n't mine . And somehow I suspect it is n't God 's idea of God either.I found `` Mere Christianity '' to be an excellent representation of Christianity . Other Amazon reviewers have already given examples of Mr. Lewis 's convuluted logic in presenting his case . So I 'll just add two more.Mr . Lewis says the one thing we must never do is see Jesus as merely a highly enlightened teacher . According to Mr. Lewis , we have only three choices , based on Jesus 's life
 In this `` Classic '' defense of religion -LRB- Christianity in particular -RRB- , Apologist-in-Chief C.S. Lewis offers a stunning smorgasbord of flawed premises , tortured logic , and non-stop non sequiturs . From a master wordsmith , jabberwockey .
 I have been surprised just how little CS Lewis bases his theology on the Bible . He has some interesting ideas , but often writes things that are confusing or just plain untrue . He writes as though evolution is a substantiated fact , but really it is just people 's ideas and it contradicts the Bible . He bases a lot of his ideas about our behavior on what seems like a good idea , with no reference to the Bible . He does n't give the impression that he was very familiar with the Bible . He appears to have been heavily influenced by human philosophies and tries to incorporate them into a religious framework .
 The kindle edition is more expensive than the amazon.com-sold paperback ! This a wonderful text , but I ca n't justify getting it in the kindle format if it 's even cheaper in the more-worthwhile paperback format . Go buy the actual , physical text !
 I am a former Christian who no longer believes in the concept of souls , god , hell , etc. , and I readily revel in the wonders science uncovers everyday . Yet , I 've had quite a few people recommend this book to me -LRB- to sway me , I suppose -RRB- -- so I finally read it . -LRB- Although religious folks never read the stuff I suggest for them
 Some friends who found out that I was an atheist suggested this book . Being so highly praised in the Christian community , I decided to give it a try . It was soon apparent that the author had no deep understanding of religion , science , or logic . Mr. Lewis gives little or no justification for his beliefs . I did come away with greater understanding of how emotions can cloud one 's better judgement . The only book I 've read worse than this is I DO N'T HAVE ENOUGH FAITH TO BE AN ATHEIST .
 I read this book on the recommendation of a Christian friend . I also read it because I 've read and heard that C. S. Lewis is a great author . One more reason is that I was struggling with the concept of God . I am a Catholic.I guess I 'm trying to say that I read it with an open mind , expecting to find insights and maybe some genuine knowledge.All I can say is my actual experience
 I have no doubt that C.S. Lewis was a fine man and he certainly set out to achieve a noble goal here . Making the spiritual more understandable through the application of logic has an undeniable appeal . Unfortunately , his assumptions about some of the basic concepts of human nature look positively naive by modern standards . He comes off sounding like , as one of my psych professors was fond of saying , a `` park-bench philosopher '' . Behavioral science just had not developed to the point it has today , so he had no way of knowing that his basic assumptions about some things he viewed as givens were , in fact , not given at all . In the end , trying to make the subject of religion something that one can put to the test of `` logic '' is an exercise in futility . That 's why it 's called faith .
 This book does little to persuade anyone , much less a firm atheist , to become a Christian . I have read good Christian apologetic books -LRB- The Case for Christ , for example -RRB- and in comparison this book fails miserably . Lewis uses silly arguments -LRB- Moral Law ? Please -RRB- to try and convince his audience , but it merely solidifies the atheist 's viewpoint that ninety percent of Christian arguments are far-fetched and preposterous . Most of the book is about how a Christian should live , but what good is talking about a Christian life if he ca n't convince the reader that Christianity is true ?
 not because it contains any profound insight but because somebody 's going to eventually quote it and you might as well have read it . Just grit your teeth and bear with it .
 I wish people , eager to pronounce their faith in a god , would follow through with the necessary implications if it were true.Christopher Hitchens tellingly criticizes Lewis for being unable to complete a syllogism , and he is right on the mark . `` Obvious '' that the possibly fictional character of Jesus is not a madman , hence , the claims of the New Testament must be true ? -LRB- Not much help in deciding between the competing claims . -RRB- If you accept that as logical , you can love this book without bothering to read it.Reading this book will waste precious hours of your life that you will never get back . If you had to choose between sitting through one of the atrocious movies based on his inane books , or reading this tripe , it would quite literally be a toss up.You will be more intellectually stimulated by thinking about this gem , from the late great Kurt Vonnegut : `` I was the victim of a series of accidents , as are we all . ''
 After 40 pages , I stopped the misery of reading the works of an idiot . C.S. Lewis has never read the Bible . Jesus said in John 14:12 `` Most assuredly , I say to you , he who believes in Me , the works that I do he will do also ; and greater works than these he will do , because I go to My Father . `` The words of Jesus are falsifiable . He said if you believed in him , you could do greater works than he did . Well , Jesus allegedly walked on water ; multiplied loaves and fishes ; cured leprosy and blindness , and raised people from the dead . Now , can you believers do those things and do even greater things as Jesus said in John ? No you ca n't . Therefore , the Bible and the words of Jesus can be tested , and Jesus was either a lunatic or a liar . Prove it to yourself . Remember , without the Bible , there is no Christianity . The Bible is fraught with errors , contradictions , impossibilities , misquotes and lies.Jesus lied when he said he would return while some of his audience were still alive . Another lie!Additionally , C.S. Lewis writes 700-800 word paragraphs . The guy is no Shakespeare , but he could n't pass high School English.Fortunately , I did n't buy the book . It was given to me by a friend who is grasping for something that lies only in the imagination of religious hucksters , pimps and sky-jockeys . Do n't buy this book , give your money to help the disabled , poor and sick .
 This is a great work out book if you are in to logic . Take this for example : '' ... Athiesm turns out to be too simple . If the whole universe has no meaning , we should never have found out that it has no meaning ... `` It made me think for a while . At first , it made sense . As did the typical comparison Lewis made immediately afterward about if there was no light , `` dark '' would be meaningless.But then , I actually thought about it , and realized
 I recieved this book as a gift from someone I thought to be an open-minded , good person . This book has nothing new in it . It is worthless . It is just another example of a poor deluded SOB trying to convince himself that he really likes the cage he was tricked into entering.This book is prosylazation . Prosylatizers , I have found , try to convert people because they are insecure about their faith , and think that by converting the world they will be secure in their faith . The truly faithful person does not prosylatize , for if one is secure in one 's faith , why preach ? If I could give this book a NEGATIVE FIVE , I would .
 Buy this book if you want to believe ; skip it if you seek truth .
 I am Christian , and this book was borrowed to me in the hopes that I may gain a `` better '' understanding of what Christianity is about . Guess what ? It worked ! I now more fully support Christian principles and have a clearer understanding of the power and vast applicability of this great religion . Only I did n't learn this from Lewis . His personal definitions of Christianity and interpretations of how Christianity should be lived may have adverse effects on society . Following are some of the highlights in his book that serve to reduce Christianity into something static and simplistic :1 -RRB- Lewis states that God is seperate from the world . In fact , God is PART of the world he created , among each of us and in each of us .2 -RRB- Lewis states that where Christianity differs from other religions , Christianity is right and they are wrong . This is unprecedented . And this is arrogance . There are many roads leading to the same end and each is valuable to its own traveller .3 -RRB- Lewis states that the male in a marriage is the superior and has final say in making decisions . Perhaps this old fashioned thinking is due to the era in which the book was written , but unfortunately many Christians today still live by this.And there are many more examples like this . None of these are defining characteristics of Christianity . They rather serve to distort and undermine Christianity 's true profoundness . Looking at many of the other reviews , it may be that the favorable reactions are mere affirmations of existing beliefs . In the interest of converting non-Christians -LRB- and from a philosophical standpoint -RRB- , the logic in this book is poor and incomplete . In the attempt to define Christianity , I can not judge Lewis ' personal interpretation . Mine is just much different , and I can only hope that other Christians see the same .
 Despite the fact that CS Lewis is presumably writing abt Christianity , readers should realize that he is also author of The Chronicles of Narnia and other demonic fantasies . And they should consider the following : Lewis was an unwilling convert . Lewis believed in the power and use of spells.Lewis says sincere unbelievers may go to Heaven . We 're saved by works according to Lewis . Theistic evolution is taking place . Lewis believed man is an animal . He said descriptions of heaven found in the Bible are all symbolism . He said worthiness of heaven is based on `` the beginnings '' of inner `` qualities , '' not salvation . Lewis did not consider himself a `` new man . '' He believed there is a purgatory after death in which we will be purified . Lewis was a humanist , seeing man as being potentially good . He considered
 When I read MC in college , I remember being impressed with it , and felt for the first time my agnosticism being challenged . Imagine my surprise years later when I picked it up and found it sorely lacking . Trained eyes revealed that Lewis simply does not logically connect his conclusions to his premises . Oh , he makes gestures to that effect , but form alone does not a logical argument make . He avoids obvious objections to his arguments usually involving a POV beyond the immediate moment , so his arguments seem forced towards a predetermined end.To illustrate , consider this exchange from the section entitled `` The Reality of the Law '' : `` If we ask ` why ought I to be unselfish ? ' , and you reply ` because it is good for society ' , we may then ask ` why should I care what is good for society except when it happens to pay ME personally ? ' , and then you will have to say ` Because you ought to be unselfish - which simply brings us back to where we started . ` But I am not forced to such a self-serving answer because the obvious response is that I care what is good for society because that tends to result in lots of things that pay me personally in the future , irrespective of whether it happens to pay me at the moment . Lewis ' only response to this is to say that `` as an explanation of why we feel as we do about right ad wrong it just misses the point '' . This is typical of what one finds in the book - any counterexample to Lewis ' theory is either ignored entirely , or dismissed out of hand as off point.I give Lewis credit for his effort , and to the ill-informed it might pose a challenge . But to the well-read and logically versed , it falls very flat , revealed as one long unsupported assertion . One can be forgiven for writing in almost every margin `` How does Lewis know that ? '' . Just do n't expect any answers .
 Having spent nine years of my life as a Christian minister , I understand how Christians think . I read this book as a Christian in the early 1990 's . I was never that impressed with it . Lewis makes what Christians consider to be good points . I once thought so too , but the more I matured in life , the more I grew away from faith and away from the silliness of this work.Lewis 's `` conversion story '' is a complete joke . He was just another downhearted , unchurched atheist who got tired of materialism and decided Christianity 's take on things was good enough for him . He was not what most materialists would consider to have been an enlightened atheist , just a smart guy who came to believe in Christianity . This is not at all uncommon . There are plenty of conversions and de-conversions every which way - into and out of all religions and philosophies.This is the type of book where if you are a believer , it sounds good because it 's what you want to hear . But if you 're not a believer , it is utterly laughable and ridiculous.Lewis just does n't deal with apologetics . He does n't define this god of his , just asserts him , and then tries to psychoanalyze why people reject him . He talks about Christians sinning and falling short of God , pride , and other human pitfalls , most of them unrelated to the existence of God altogether , but ca n't appeal to a knowledgeable atheist who understands that these things are natural characteristics , not divine.Lewis is content to believe that mankind is a sinful race , conceived in sin and headed to Hell . I repudiate this doctrine with all of my being . It is wrong altogether in this writer 's opinion.The book is boring and essentially says nothing about why we should believe in the existence of some god , only why he thinks people do n't . Like all god-believers , Lewis starts with an assumption and works backwards to prove it . I only gave this book 2 stars because thinking like a minister , some of the points once sounded good to me . In all honesty , it is barely worth that ! -LRB- JH -RRB- www.ministerturnsatheist.org
 I bought this book hoping to find an intelligent defense of faith , given that the author is such a well respected fiction writer . Unfortunately , what I found were the kinds of arguments that I used while in grade school and discarded soon thereafter . If you 've thought critically about anything at any point in your life , you 're not going to get anything out of this book .
 I reviewed this book earlier , and I must tell you that 16 months of maturity do a lot to alter a view . Mere Christianity is a book for the average believer who is just beginning his/her inquiry into why he or she adheres to Christianity , but it is by no means a sophisticated , well-developed argument in favor of Christianity . For example , the first part of the book deals with , among other things , an argument for God 's existence from morality . Lewis claims that there is a moral law within each one of us that we feel bound to . This is not a moral law that we just `` decide '' to have , says Lewis , but rather it eminates from a source outside of our conscious self . Since we are not the source of this law and this does n't come as some natural byproduct of evolution , therefore there must be a Lawgiver . Somehow , Lewis thinks that this amounts to a convincing argument for the existence of God . But any moral philosopher of significant caliber can pick apart this argument . Sure , someone could believe that there is a moral law and that God is the lawgiver , but from reading Mere Christianity , we can go no further than this . Not only does this not amount to a rock-solid argument for the existence of God but it is n't even a decent argument . Reading the passage over and over again , I kept looking for the A = B , B = C , therefore A = C syllogism that one usually expects with an argument using formal logic . Its almost as if Lewis speculates for a while about a divine moral law and proceeds on with his book as if he 's proved that such a thing exists -LRB- and such a Lawgiver for the thing -RRB- . If a theist wants a philosphically compelling argument for an objective morality , they must investigate the Thomist tradition of philosophy . If a theist wants to show that only this view of morality works , his/her best outlet is Alasdair MacIntyre 's `` After Virtue '' which skewers the entire Enlightenment Project of justifying morality on `` reason '' alone from Kant to Kierkegard . He then shows how Nietzsche exposes the project for what it is , and why we must return to a Neo-Aristotelian version of a system of morality -LRB- and eventually a Thomistic account of morality -RRB- since this is the only real option we have unless we want chaos -LRB- e.g. Nietzsche -RRB- . Another annoying tendency with this book is Lewis ' overreliance on arguments from analogy . For instance , in his exhortation on the Trinity , he compares the relations between the different persons of the Trinity to three books stacked on top of a table . One depends on the other , and that one on the bottom one . But one of the dangers with arguing from analogy is making sure that the analogy is a good one . Oddly enough , the best argument for the Trinity I 've ever come across is from Conversations with God
 I believe Lewis is a hugely overrated theologian ; even a hugely overrated commentator . Here 's one example : In Mere Christianity -LRB- Book 4 , Chapter 10 ` Nice People or Good Men ' -RRB- Lewis writes , `` There are people -LRB- a great many of them -RRB- who are slowly ceasing to be Christians but who still call themselves by that name
 I found myself fearful of the Christian religion . After I read this I felt like saying to myself , `` Thanks Jesus , since I do n't believe in you I suppose I am going to Hell - thanks for being such a great sport ! `` A Christian friend reccommended this book to me and at times the book was threatining and downright scary . I suppose if I were a fundamentalist I would be applauding his prose , but as a non-Christian I find it frightening that people believe this stuff
 Since several Christians I know had raved about this book as so insightful and a good ` response ' to agnostics , I was expecting something that would challenge my beliefs , which I was looking forward to . Instead I read very weak arguments easily refuted by any 1st year philosophy major . This book is convincing only if you already believe , in which case there may not be much point . Several times I literally shook my head in disbelief at the extreme leaps of logic -LRB- or more precisely , illogic -RRB- that he used to state his case . In spite of my hopes , I was not in the least bit challenged in my own belief -LRB- I left Catholicism for agnostic Buddhism about a decade ago -RRB- . Anyone who has left Christianity and critically thought about that decision will probably already have figured out the points where CS Lewis goes astray . All in all , because of the way this book is hyped by Christians , I was expecting something much more convincing , or at least logic that was better constructed . Highly disappointing experience .
 I placed an order for a book that I could have picked up in any popular bookstore but wanted the convenience of online ordering . I placed my order online December 6th , 2011 and have discovered my order will probably not arrive until after Christmas . I would not recommend this site to anyone !!!!
 I tried repeatedly to place a book order with amazon . The system kept trying to charge me for what was supposed to be free freight . I kept canceling the orders and never did actually place one . One order somehow went through due to some kind of `` glitch '' . I actually saw it go before I gave any such command.I had not sent the order . In the future I will shop with Barnes & Noble where I hope such things do n't happen . Gary Hatfield.C . S. Lewis Signature Classics
 Book was supposed to be gently used . Came in with pieces tornof the front and back covers .
 I read this book after having a theological discussion with a friend of mine . He had said that his views were best expounded by this book , and so I picked it up to be fair . Unfortunately , Mr. Lewis hits the brick wall of logic pretty early on.The version I had was an older , used paperback that I have since given away , so my quotes are not exact . However , my memory of the errors is pretty sharp , and the issues I raise are actually in the book.Problem # 1
 This is not a work for the those uninitiated into Christian dogma . Within about 50 pages , Lewis establishes the existence of the Christian God from the premise that the human being enters this world with a priori knowledge of right and wrong . Wow ! The argument is weak , and proceeds through a sort of process of elimination of alternative explanations rather than through a demonstration of the necessity of the Christian God . People had told me that CS Lewis was an intelligent Christian apologist . However , it seem to me that this book is not meant to bring anyone into the Christian fold , but simply to keep them in . I suggest taking a look at Kreeft 's book , `` Christianity for Modern Pagans '' , a commentary on Pascal 's Pensees . Or read Pascal 's pensees directly .
 Lewis states that he wrote this book with the idea of convincing atheists . As an atheist myself , I had heard Lewis was the best Christian apologist there is . If these arguments are the best Christianity can come up with , atheism does n't have much to worry about.Lewis takes the approach in this book of focusing on all the doctrines the largest branches of Christianity have in common , deliberately ignoring controversial issues . The problem with this is that the endless proliferation of Christian sects is one of the strongest arguments against Christianity . If Christians themselves ca n't agree on what Christ really taught or what God wants from us , what chance is there of convincing atheists -- or for that matter Muslims or Hindus ? Lewis says that as far as people who have never heard of Christ , we just do n't know what God has arranged for them , so we should leave it up to God . This strikes me as an intellectual cop-out . Part of the reason atheism makes sense to me is that atheism has intellectual coherence . Atheism does n't have to twist itself into knots over the problem of how God can love all his children but leave most of them without knowledge of him , or how God can be good when the world around us often seems filled with evil and injustice.Lewis claims that our ideas of goodness and justice , which are common to all cultures , mean there must be a God . I disagree . I do n't see any reason why evolution could not produce human beings having a sense of right and wrong . To some extent , a sense of right and wrong is a necessity for social animals . Chimpanzees complain when something they have worked to get is stolen from them . Wolves reject another wolf from the pack if he does n't behave as a wolf should . Why would human beings be different?Lewis also argues that the fact that humans hunger to find meaning in life means that there must be a God . I agree that humans have a tendency to be discontented and hunger for more . But what evidence is there such discontent could not evolve in human beings ? A certain amount of discontent could have benefitted our ancestors by keeping them always trying to better their circumstances , instead of getting complacent . As a former Christian myself , I also know that Christianity does n't necessarily bring contentedness . Some atheists are indeed miserable people , but many are happy . As far as my own life , I would call it generally pretty good . The Christians of my acquaintance do n't seem to have more meaningful or happy lives on average than the atheists.Lewis has a reputation for being a logician . In my opinion , much of his `` logic '' is absurd . For example , Lewis spends a lot of time on the Trinity and how the three persons are connected . He talks about the Son streaming forth from the Father , and that this has always been so , etc. . This just makes me laugh . And Lewis thinks that atheism makes no sense?If Christianity really worked to make bad people good and good people better , I would be the first to sign up . If Christianity was an effective way to relieve poverty and bring peace , I would definitely consider it . If Christianity were just a silly hobby that made people feel good and harmed no one , it would n't bother me . Unfortunately , that is n't what I see . Even when in power , Christianity has made little or no progress in solving the social problems that it deals with , such as poverty and violence . Christianity systematically ignores the most serious problems of our times
 We all share a common morality.Therefore , God.Mostly a waste of time . If the contents of this book are an example of what Lewis considers a cogent argument , then it 's no wonder that he believes what he believes . Basically for believers who need reaffirming .
 It is impossible to support a subjective , mystical experience through logical reasoning , as Lewis claims . He begins by attempting to prove God 's existence as an explanation of observed moral behavior . He blithely dismisses the `` herd instinct , '' however , much of human cooperative behavior is explained by natural selection . As social animals , humans are expected to relinquish part of their autonomy in return for membership in the group . The desire to cooperate with others , i.e. behave morally , and the feeling of guilt for failure to do so , evolved to promote this cooperation . Thus , the argument that morality originates with a benevolent diety falls apart , leading to the question as to where God gets his own morality . If we say that one of God 's properties is that he is moral , that does n't answer anything - it 's a circular argument of `` God is moral because he is moral . '' You could just as correctly state , `` morality exists because it exists , '' without the need for God.Lewis claims to have arrived at his religious faith reluctantly , through inescapable deductive reasoning . I suspect he is being disingenuous here . The remarkably flawed `` proof '' suggests that he arrived at it through an emotional conversion , then , to paraphrase B.F. Skinner , like a child who thinks he sees the outline of an animal in the pattern of pebbles on the beach , he rearranges a few here and there until there is no doubt . The entire work smacks of someone who came to a conclusion in advance , later producing observations and analysis to support it . Lewis is careful not to offer the Bible as `` proof '' of his conclusions . Are we to believe that he came to them independently of the Bible?The specific gravity of aluminum is 2.8 . We do not believe this because `` it is written '' in a mechanical engineering textbook ; the book merely records the result of experimental observation . We consult the book because it is easier than performing a time-consuming analysis of our own every time we need this information . But we could verify this figure anytime we wanted . No one would claim that the `` facts '' in the Bible could be verified the same way . But we are to believe that Lewis came all the way from atheism to the Church of England -LRB- to the consternation of his friend , J.R.R. Tolkien , who had hoped Lewis would embrace Catholicism -RRB- , purely through deductive logic . This is preposterous . He had a private -LRB- albeit popular -RRB- mystical experience , then built up an elaborate philosophy -LRB- again , a shared one -RRB- to explain it . His explanation contradicting this is entirely inauthentic and dishonest . If he had instead admitted that he had undergone an ineffable , mystical experience of the living God , then explored the various evidence supporting this being a valid sensation and not a convincing illusion , I would at least have respected his experience while disagreeing with his conclusions . As it is , I can neither credit the former any more than I can accept the latter .
 This book is a fine example of how beautiful prose can mask otherwise muddled thinking . Those who are desperate for some validation of their religious beliefs will undoubtedly praise this diminutive tome . Those with sharper wit will easily see past the eloquent facade and discover why this emporer has no clothes .
 by Yahya Sulaiman , The Logic Hammer . -LRB- I am not Richard Livingston but his son , despite what it may say above . -RRB- When I was a Christian I was much inspired by C.S. Lewis 's theology . I tore into it greedily , and the book `` Mere Christianity '' in particular helped me when I had lapses of faith . This is not unusual
 Note that this book began life as a series of radio broadcasts , and it may have been all very well for radio -LRB- if you assume that it 's okay to insult the intelligence of radio listeners -RRB- . But it is now a book , and ought to be judged as such.The first section is a defense of Christianity , although most of it is spent defending Mere Theism - a much weaker doctine , needless to say , but Lewis seems to think that once he has established theism most of the hard work has been done . His central argument for theism is the moral argument
 I 'd read on a website about an atheist who 'd converted to Christianity after reading this book , and C.S. Lewis tells readers that he was once an atheist himself . Since I 'd love to believe that some Big Grand-Daddy in the Sky is going to make atrocities like George W. 's presidency all right in the end , I gave it a shot . I really did go into it with an open mind , but I was sorely disappointed.In essence , C.S. Lewis 's argument is that since humans know right from wrong , we must be getting that notion from somewhere ; hence , there must be a god who gives it to us . He dismisses the idea that right and wrong could be hardwired into the human brain by millions of years of evolution by saying the following
 This book seems to be extremely popular in Christian circles , and it 's easy to see why , since it makes a pseudo-intellectual defense of the faith that must be appealing to believers who want to read something to strengthen their faith . But if you really examine it , it is extremely flawed . I could write an essay on the flawed reasoning and false conclusions in `` Mere Christianity '' , but I 'll just mention a few.First , Lewis concludes that morality must come from something other than man himself . For this to be true you must assume that men needs to be told what is right and wrong . In reality , the moral rules exist because they are convenient and if you break them - by for example stealing or murdering - it 's wrong , not because God says so , but because it 's disruptive for society and therefore ultimately for yourself , because you 're making the world a worse place to live.After establishing , by the previous false reasoning , that there must be a force higher than mankind , he somehow concludes that it must be the Christian God . It 's a bit unclear how he reached that conclusion , but it was something about Christianity being too complex to have been made up by men , which is a rather strange and very weak argument . He also says that since Jesus Christ says he would forgive all sins , to make such a claim he must either be a madman or be God , and decides that therefore he must be God because otherwise he would be `` a lunatic on the level of the man who says he 's a poached egg '' and `` a devil of hell '' . Again , completely flawed reasoning . Jesus is assumed to be God simply because he says he is . But so have many others throughout history.He also makes oversimplified assumptions about why people are atheists , and claims that there can be no happiness without religion . `` Mere Christianity '' offers no great wisdom . It does offer insight to a believer 's mindset and reasoning and is slightly interesting in that regard . But overall , it is a badly thought out piece of deluded philosophy and a very boring read .
 For the last week I have been like a little child waiting for a birthday present to come in the mail . I have joyfully anticipated receiving this boxed set of C.S. Lewis treasures . At last , it came today . What a disappointment ! If the covers of these books last through more than one reading , I will be surprised . The covers are beautiful , but the quality is poor , and certainly not worth the $ 47.90 I paid for this set . I was looking forward to something that would last for years to come . Oh well , I wo n't be sending the set back , because I 'm anxious to read these incredible works -LRB- the first books I will have read in several years -RRB- . If this review was about C.S. Lewis , it would be five stars . But , this review is about the shoddy quality of this set , and hence the single star review . Buyer beware .
 It is better if one does not begin the argument if he can not to the core . Mere Christianity gave me a feeling of a fast paced thriller . Was it because I read it -LRB- just two chapters -RRB- when my head was swinging ? No doubt he is a master apologist , but how masterful ! If you are not watchful , he can trick you to a dreadful thing . It is all fine if god wished to create a world full of freewill beings rather than automatas . He tells me that god created the world full of creatures and let it go wrong because he saw it was worth the risk , because in the end he will have a world of creatures that loves him out of its own choice , save the rebels that he had to destroy that he himself made . God is omniscient and could see through the future the burning furnace and the joyful creatures at two ends choosing to create the world , despite the burning furnace , for the joyful creatures at the cost of burning souls . If there is god , Mr. Lewis and his disciples , if he has given me freewill to think , he is doomed by his own weapon . It is like a nightmarish fairy tale in which fathers reproduce children to sacrifice when came to puberty . They do not sacrifice all the children , only those chosen many , and to voice against their bestiality is blasphemy-after all they do not slaughter themselves given a big share to Luciferens.Lets not believe in a superstitiously maniac religion just because it can give us peace and pride . Let there be logic even in the worst crime.I am 26 turning 27 morrow . I am reading the rest of the book if only some one answered as to why god had to create the world , being omniscient , when he could see through time the burning furnace .
 Guess what the biggest sin is according to C.S. Lewis in hisself-aggrandizing book , Mere Christianity ? No , silly , not murder , child molestation , starting wars , or rape . It 's PRIDE . Oh yes , and here is another chunk of wisdom for those who find deep meaning in blather
 It is better if one does not begin the argument if he can not to the core . Mere Christianity gave me a feeling of a fast paced thriller . Was it because I read it -LRB- just two chapters -RRB- when my head was swinging ? No doubt he is a master apologist , but how masterful ! If you are not watchful , he can trick you to a dreadful thing . It is all fine if god wished to create a world full of freewill beings rather than automatas . He tells me that god created the world full of creatures and let it go wrong because he saw it was worth the risk , because in the end he will have a world of creatures that loves him out of its own choice , save the rebels that he had to destroy that he himself made . God is omniscient and could see through the future the burning furnace and the joyful creatures at two ends choosing to create the world , despite the burning furnace , for the joyful creatures at the cost of burning souls . If there is god , Mr. Lewis and his disciples , if he has given me freewill to think , he is doomed by his own weapon . It is like a nightmarish fairy tale in which fathers reproduce children to sacrifice when came to puberty . They do not sacrifice all the children , only those chosen many , and to voice against their bestiality is blasphemy-after all they do not slaughter themselves given a big share to Luciferens.Lets not believe in a superstitiously maniac religion just because it can give us peace and pride . Let there be logic even in the worst crime.I am 26 turning 27 morrow . I am reading the rest of the book if only some one answered as to why god had to create the world , being omniscient , when he could see through time the burning furnace . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 The book took a while to get here , and when it did , it was in rough shape for supposedly being brand new . I also discovered I could have bought it for $ 5 cheaper from another online retailer . Not too impressed with this purchase .
 There is no way I can rate this trite negatively enough.I was forced to read this book . Even if I had n't been , had I seen it in a book store , just that would have been enough to eliminate previous like of the Narnia series . I once thought of them as fiction , now I know they are Christian allegory.Anyone who believes this already believed anyway , because Lewis hops to conclusions without any links to his premises . Besides which , he begs the question .
 I was looking forward to diving into this collection after reading so many positive reviews . Sunday Times writes
 i never received that book even though my cc was charged . it might have been sent in august but i wonder if they are still printing the book for me ?? and walking it to maryland.i do not recommedn this source and had i known this would happen i never would have used amazon.com
 I 'm sorry but Mr.Lewis ' writing struck me as pedantic and boring . I was initially interested in his works because of my readings in grief literature . I could n't get into any of his stories . They seemed dry to me . I like the idea behind his `` Screwtape Letters '' but it didnt hold my attention . I am glad he is well read but personally I am just not into his books .
 i could only read half an hour of this critically aclaimed outline . its too wordy/complicated for even the very seasoned christian .
 I read this book thinking that it would be an argument for Christianity . Instead , the book assumes that you have already accepted Christianity and want to know where to go from there.Some of the arguments are VERY weak -LRB- ex . The universe must have meaning because we have a concept of meaning . It 's like if we lived in a world of all darkness we would not have a concept of light -RRB- The light and dark part are true because we can only see things as light and dark . But we have a concept of meaning in almost everything that we do . Not just the universe.Also some of the thoughts are a bit dated -LRB- Couples should stay together because the woman must have sacrificed her career for raising children -RRB- . For someone looking for a book that will `` prove '' or `` convince '' him or her that there is a god , this book is not for you . It presents too many theories as fact and uses them as a basis for all its arguments . The non-believer should look else where for a compelling argument of the other side .
 IMPORTANT
 I am a believer who loves the Lewis of the Narnia books , but his more argumentative books , including this one , Mere Christianity , are often rather lacking in basic coherence . The gaps in logic are often dumbfounding.My favorite example is Lewis 's argument that you can not accept Jesus as a wise man unless you accept that he is God , because anyone who claims to be God , and is n't God , is barking mad . Putting aside the issue of whether `` the hisorical Jesus '' actually made such a claim , alas , anyone who has ever taken a even a cursory look at the great writers and sages throughout history knows that one minute they can be the fount of wisdom and the next can be absolutely off their rocker . Dostoevsky springs most immediately to mind.And thats not the worst gap in logic in the book.So , those looking for a reasoned defense of Christianity are strongly advised to go straight to G.K. Chesterton 's The Everlasting Man and skip this one .
 After hearing great reviews on this book from many of my friends , I decided to give it a try . I was quite disappointed with the `` wordiness '' of the text . The author will make a loose and far from concise statement and then follow it up with an example that is completely disconnected from the scattered statement at the beginning . And to make matters worse the author will use another example to describe the first example and the secondary example will be even more disconnected and irrelevant than that of the first . This sequence is very repetitive on almost every page . It may have been one of the most frustrating readings I have ever encountered . I believe if I ran into a man on the street with schizophrenia and decided to jot down some notes on what he had to say about religion it may be a similar read.I do understand that this was originally a radio address and then was converted into a book , but the author should have shaved off some of the original text and changed the format for presenting his information . I am not discouraging anyone not to read this book ; it has impacted thousands of people positively . But if you are looking for an on point , concise , descriptive book about Christianity you may want to look elsewhere .
 Assertions followed by analogies and metaphors does not even begin to make something true . Neither does it make for good or entertaining reading . Lewis is an acrobat like any other apologist - he uses flips and contortions in his presentation , but unlike a real acrobat , only the feeble-minded will be impressed . What 's that ? My analogy is dumb and does little to advance what I 'm actually trying to say ? Good , then I 'm glad you get my point.As a brief example , he tries to equate a sexual appetite with an appetite for food . '' . . when people say , ` Sex is nothing to be ashamed of , ' they may mean ` the state into which the sexual instinct has now got is nothing to be ashamed of ' . If they mean that , I think they are wrong . I think it is everything to be ashamed of . There is nothing to be ashamed of in enjoying your food
 Lewis begins his argument for Christianity by pointing out the grammatical oddity -LRB- in English -RRB- that we often speak of things that we ought , or ought not , do . He then makes the dramatic leap that the origin of such ideas must come from some SUPERNATURAL realm , and thus opens a doorway for the arbitrary and historically contingent Judeo-Christian ideas about `` god . `` Now , really . When you buy a new auto , and you read in the owner 's manual something like , `` You ought to change the oil every 3,000 miles , '' are you to conclude that you 've just received a `` supernatural '' revelation?Of course not . Some human invented that ought-statement as a way of expressing the relationship between a means and an end , in this case , maintaining one 's auto properly . Moral ought statements are no different , though their origins have been lost in the passage of time . They express relationships relating to the maintenance of a workable society , with the `` supernatural '' sanctions associated with them acting as a kind of psychological scarecrow to improve compliance.Moreover , since Lewis argues elsewhere -LRB- _ The Abolition of Man _ -RRB- , following David Hume , that you ca n't derive ought from is , this effectively destroys the argument that the postulated existence of a god means that we ought to act in certain ways . `` We ought '' can not follow in any way from `` God is , '' so Lewis 's case is dead on arrival.Moreover , even if the origin of moral ideas is genuinely mysterious -LRB- though I do n't see them that way -RRB- , you ca n't explain a mystery by invoking an even bigger mystery -LRB- `` god '' -RRB- . And to top off my critique , I might add that modern cognitive psychotherapy -LRB- exemplified by the popular writings of Albert Ellis and David Burns , many of them still in print -RRB- has discovered that a lot of unnecessary emotional distress results from irrational adherence to ought , must and have-to ideas . Ellis coined the term `` musturbation '' to describe the kind of crooked thinking responsible for so much human suffering . We can use ought statements as guidance when they serve human flourishing , but the kind of unthinking ought-idolatry promoted by Lewis and other Christian moral absolutists causes nothing but misery .
 CS Lewis managed in the Chronicles of Narnia to prove his mastery of the clumsy religious allegory . And , with Mere Christianity , he tries to approach the thorny topic of God 's existence and the divinity of Jesus using `` logic '' and `` reason . '' It 's as subtle a piece of elegant design and craftsmanship as any tractor factory in Rostok.Facile arguments are bolted together using bold assumptions and the Krazee-Glue of faith . It 's amazing that anyone could send such a clunky contraption to plough furrows in logic and reason and sow the seeds of unconditional belief . I read that book and I think think the only thing he got right was the title , which is bang-on .
 C.S. Lewis was the chairman of Medieval and Renassiance English literature at Cambridge , making him the foremost authority in his field . Thus , one would anticipate a quality book on any topic he chose to write on , even as an avowed amateur in a particular topic . This simply is not the case in `` Mere Christianity '' . As an amateur theologian , Lewis attempts to explain simple Christian docrtines to non-believers . Yet , the only readers who gain something from Mere Christianity are avowed Christians.The arguments within the text are not well developed , and in most cases merely stated . His understanding of doctrine runs afoul by the influence of long ago dismissed heresies and the inclusion of Mormon doctrine and Eastern thought.The text is poorly written , using inappropriate allusions , such as a machine for man -LRB- one being totally deterministic and inanimate , while the other is fully living and dominated by Schopenhauerian will . Since most Christian readers are not aquantainted with Schopenhauer or been immersed in Mormon or Eastern thought , none of this matters to followers and admirers of the popular Christian icon.Lewis ' constant use of the word `` thing '' to mean attribute , attitude , manner , or in fact any descriptive noun , is very amateurish , and unfit for an author of such high scholarly esteem.His ridiculously popular statement that Jesus must have been either a con-man , a lunatic , or the Christ may influence and soothe Churchians , but ignores so many other possibilities . Even standard Judaism declares Jesus as someone else , namely , a failed Messiah candidate , not a con-man , nor a lunatic , not the Hebrew Messiah , but Lewis is utterly ignorant of the prevaling view of a major religion.Lewis ' constant misuse of the word , Christ , signals his misunderstanding of his topic . The term , Christ , means a god who is incarnated into humanity , suffers and dies for his followers , that they may be reunited with the chief god . In most cultures in the middle east , there was always a Christ figure . In Eqypt there was Osiris , in Persia Mithra , in Greece Dionysius . All of the mystery cults of that period had a Christ figure . Paul claimed that Jesus was the Hebrew Christ , in comparison with the Christs from other cults.Instead of using the word , Jesus , Lewis , almost always uses the more generic word , Christ . Sophisticated laymen of the 21st century will dismiss the author for his sloppiness in this regard.Lewis ' dismissive attitude toward Islam and Muslims , using the insulting term Mohammedism , marks Mere Christianity as obsolete , particularly in an age when understanding Islam is an essential for political , social , and economic currency.His obsession against atheism allows the author to make outlandish claims against the personal purity and inner harmony of non-Christians -LRB- that is non-Jesusians -RRB- . The book , therefore , suffers from the ignorant arrogance of his time and place , when England ruled the seven seas and sought as its goal to make the whole world England.Why Mere Christianity remains a Christian -LRB- Jesusian -RRB- classic is beyond me . I found so many inconsistencies in final viewpoints from chapter to chapter that the most charitable opinion to give of the book is that it has in its time influenced Jesusians in some sort of pretentious defense of their faith , so long as the antagonist was ill-informed . I give the book a charitable 2-stars , on the basis of the book being considered a classic . If the book were a 21st century work by a relatively unknown writer , I would have given a minus rating .
 This book has its origins in a series of wartime lectures that the author gave over BBC in 1943 which were later collated into three booklets and finally rendered into the present volume . The author , who says he was once an atheist , fancies that he can convert others into Christianity with his pop talk about the `` Moral Law '' or `` The Law of Right and Wrong '' he pulls out of himself . God embedded a knowledge of it into human nature he says and to him it is as real as the laws of physics except that we can disobey it . The first five chapters are devoted to this Moral Law and then he goes on to some basic Christian ethics . Included are the four cardinal virtues -- Prudence , Temperance , Justice and Fortitude -- as well as the three theological virtues -- Faith , Hope and Charity . His defense of God for allowing much evil in the world is that God gave us free will and we ourselves messed up our lives . That is a real copout for a supposedly all-good , omnipotent being . If the Nazi and Communist mass murders leave him unmoved , what chance is there that he will interfere about the woes of an individual human being ? Although not married Lewis lived with an older woman -LRB- mother of his fallen comrade -RRB- for more than a decade . In discussing Christian marriage , however , he speaks of `` the monstrosity of intercourse outside the marriage . '' and goes on to suggest that `` divorce is something like cutting up a living body . '' Also , in marriage , `` Christian wives promise to obey their husband '' and '' ... the man is said to be the ` head ' . '' For those already converted or on the verge of being converted all that sermonizing does have a morale-boosting quality , for it tells them just what they want to hear . And what does conversion do for you ? `` Those who put themselves in His hands will become perfect , as He is perfect - perfect in love , wisdom , joy , beauty , and immortality.The change will not be completed in this life , for death is an important part of the treatment . '' In plain language , you have to die first in order to collect your just rewards as a Christian . Or , like it says in `` The Preacher and the Slave , '' '' ... you get pie in the sky when you die . '' However , Francis Collins , the director of the Human Genome Project , read the book when a preacher whose advice he sought handed it to him and became a famous convert . You really have to want to believe badly and close your eyes to all that unreality which is part of the package to accept such delusions but Collins manages to do it . He in particular should know that modern science has found the physical basis for that moral instinct upon which Lewis builds his case . Quite simply , we are a social species and evolution has provided us with social instincts necessary to hold society together . In `` The Science of Good and Evil '' Michael Shermer has worked out some consequences of evolutionary ethics . Michael Gazzaniga , speaking of brain scans in `` The Ethical Brain , '' points out that whenever a person is willing to act on a moral belief the emotional part of his brain has become active while considering the moral question at hand . In `` Moral Minds '' Marc D. Hauser introduces the idea of an evolved moral grammar , analogous to that which we possess for language and of which we are not aware of but which is capable of rapid ethical decision making . Physical damage to some parts of the forebrain , as happened to Phineas Gage in 1848 and to others since , will destroy all moral inhibitions we have . The latter fact is proof that it is a properly functioning brain , not some spiritual essence that is responsible for moral behavior . Further proof comes from the observation that autists lack emotions , including any sort of moral sense as a result of their brain defects . All this of course is knowledge Lewis could not have had but which Collins should have been aware of . Atheism is quickly dismissed by Lewis as being `` too simple '' -LRB- which says nothing about its validity -RRB- . And his treatment of evolution is equally cavalier
 Mere Assumptions is a more appropriate title . I have never seen such an array of circular reasoning and assuming in my life . Hardly one fact is referred too.My ex-pastor gave me this book to straighten my thinking out . What a confusing bunch of bologna . I was glad I read it , it confirmed my doubts .
 A friend lent me this book while I was reading Bible for my class at UC Berkeley . I told him that I did not understand Christianity so he thought this book may help me . However , this book really makes me feel that Christianity is not an intellegent religion . It insults my intellegence by presenting arguments as a matter of fact . Although the book itself is not philisophical , it tries to convince readers that conservative Christian belief is the only possible explanation of the world . To achieve this goal , it showcases other philosophies and beliefs in a simplified and biased way and mocks them as nonsense while his whole viewpoint just sound stupid . The only value I see from this book is that it shows you what conservative Christians are thinking . You can get a sense of where they are coming from . However , if you are interested in Christianity with some depth , you should check out books like St Augustine 's Confessions .
 Though Lewis is often described as one of Christianity 's best thinkers and writers , this book -LRB- actually three books combined -RRB- does not support any such description . While easy to read , this book contains nothing but overly simple reasoning , faulty logic , double-speak , and unsupported -- and unsupportable -- conclusions . This is a book to avoid unless you want a lesson in how to write an easy to read , but intellectually dishonest , book on religion .
 C.S. Lewis wrote some great children 's books , but his non-fiction works -- the ones where he takes his mythology seriously -- leave a lot to be desired . Lewis is said to be one of the great thinkers in recent times , but I found his arguments in favor of Christianity less than compelling and rather easy to refute . At the beginning of this book , he makes a case for the existence of God , based on psychology rather than pure reason . We all `` just know '' right from wrong , he argues . We all feel that tug of conscience , he says . Well , no , we do not all feel that . There are plenty of sociopaths out there who have no empathy or sense of guilt whatsoever . They may be aware of society 's rules , because they are often chillingly bright people , but that is not the same as saying that they `` hear God 's voice . '' For full and open disclosure , I am an atheist . I bought this book because someone said that he found the arguments irrefutable . He must really want to believe ... Christians who are already in a state of denial about their beliefs may enjoy this book.UPDATE : It has been a while since I reviewed this book . I am a bit surprised at how personally Christians take any criticism of it . Even when my review was several pages down , many months old and very hard to find , people were still commenting on it.I did not mean to offend people , if I have . I almost get the feeling that people feel as if I told them their children were terrible in the school play . -LRB- Which of , course , I would never do ! -RRB- :-RRB- I want to be clear that my review was not a personal attack on Christians or C.S. Lewis . If I were rating Mr. Lewis , even I would give him five stars . He seemed to me to have been a kind , thoughtful gentleman who would have made a great neighbor . I also was not criticizing his writing . Lewis was an excellent writer . I read the entire Narnia series when I was younger and I enjoyed them very much . I am just not a fan of Christian apologetics . I think it is only fair to be up front about that.Amazon 's ratings system has a clear response bias . Most of the hundreds of reviews of this book are by Christians who found what they wanted to hear and responded glowingly . A few reviews are from atheists who did not find the book as interesting or meaningful . In other words , that vast majority of reviews are either five stars or one star . My one star review does n't mean that it is a worthless book . As I said before , Christians will probably like it . I was reviewing what it did FOR ME . -LRB- By the way , I tempered my original title of this review from `` I 'm not impressed '' to `` Disappointed , '' which is probably more accurate . `` Mere Christianity '' is well-written for what it is . In that sense , it is impressive . But , as I said , Lewis ' writing skills were never in doubt.I am amused that so many people take the time to say that they did not -LRB- or , in a few cases , did -RRB- find my review helpful while positive reviews around mine go without much comment or feedback of any kind . Perhaps they protest a bit too much.There are clearly many thoughtful Christians out there . I did not intend to imply that because they are , in my opinion , in denial about their beliefs , that they are stupid . They are not stupid . I do think , however , that many religious people are attracted to their beliefs as much , or more , for emotional reasons than for intellectual ones . This book fills those emotional needs . If you do buy it , I hope you enjoy it .
 I just received the set . I pulled out one book out of the box . It was a piece of junk.Harper One should buy a nice paper cutter . The edge of the books are not cut properly.I 'm returning it and never buy Harper One publication .
 I was pretty happy and satisfy with all my past purchases with Amazon.All the used books I bought were pretty decent and in good condition.Until , Bellwether Books shipped me the C.S. Lewis Classics
 `` One of the most popular and beloved introductions to Christian faith ever written , '' as the back cover proclaims , was that of C. S. Lewis 's Mere Christianity . A culmination of radio speeches given during World War II , the pieces were intended to reintroduce Christian teachings to the British public , as well as to justify them . This influential book , in fact , does do a fine job at explaining Christian theology and concepts in layman 's terms , so to speak . In his work , Lewis gives some terrific insight into certain practical elements of life . For instance , his distinction of love being the adhesive of marriage as opposed to being `` in love '' can shed some valuable light on current divorce rates , explaining , perhaps , why it is that so many marriages today end early on in disaster . His casual and personal style make the book pleasurable to read and easy to understand , and so this review will be done in much the same way . And since I am what could be called a secular humanist , much focus will be laid on related issues.C . S. Lewis falls short on a few of his arguments . The first of these shortcomings , although he does not present them in this order , is his so-called revelation from atheist to Christian . This seems to imply that he may somehow have special understanding of the `` heathen '' arguments , which he obviously does not . As an atheist , he claimed that his `` argument against God was that the universe seemed so cruel and unjust '' -LRB- Lewis 38 -RRB- . But this sounds more like a disgruntled believer than a true non-believer . It brings to mind people that have proclaimed atheism because their grandmother died of cancer and they could n't conceive of a loving God who would take away such a sweet woman , etc. . Lewis reminds me of one of these angry , pseudo-atheists . These are hardly motivations for disbelief . Just because the world is `` unjust '' is not grounds for atheism , although it may stray from Christian teachings , for why would one not consider the option of an unjust God ? From where did this concept of a just and loving God come ? Obviously his perception of the world has some strong Christian foundation . By seeing the universe through such a filter , it seems that such claims are more that of a Christian who is having a crisis of faith , but not an absence of one . His claim for atheism was weak , and therefore collapsed . His transition back to Christianity would then have been quite easy , for he probably never truly disbelieved in the first place . This would also bring one to question his rash conclusion that `` atheism turns out to be too simple , '' -LRB- Lewis 39 -RRB- for he appears to not fully understand the potential complexities of such a qualifier . He seems to never really have stepped out from Christianity in the first place.The second of his flawed claims is his proof of God 's existence . In his claiming that the universe was unjust , he felt that he had to have had an idea of what justice was . He concluded that this sense of morality was higher than the learned Rules of Decent Behavior because `` we all do believe that some moralities are better than others '' -LRB- Lewis 13 -RRB- . He felt that by judging the strength of different moralities we must have some standard with which to compare , one that is not of our creation , and that ultimately a supreme being must be responsible . However , I feel that he leaves out the very simple possibility . Individuals begin to see both advantages and disadvantages in the world early on in life , and they then imagine ways that could make the disadvantages less so . This does not mean that these ideas are somehow separate and originate from the Heavens , like in some Platonian sense of Beauty , but that they are brought about with sheer reason and experience . A toddler who steals from another child or beats him does not necessarily have an embedded sense of morality , however , when he learns that there are consequences to such actions or that it may be more advantageous to cooperate with the other , he will be inclined to do so . The previous generations , likewise , would have learned the same way . This is not an example of external morality , but mere adaptability . Also , people feel pain , desire , hunger , etc. .
 I feel out of my league critiquing Mr. Lewis . I certainly recognize he is a gifted writer . All I am trying to do is say why , at least for me , he did n't prove his case.The book is divided into four books , and at this time I 'm only intending on commenting on the first two . The reason being that the latter two books are for Christians . The first two are for those that are contemplating Christianity.Lewis starts out his argument for the existence of God by first attempting to prove the existence of what he calls `` The Moral Law '' . It seems that a reader 's perception of the strength of Lewis ' argument for the existence of God completely stands or falls based on whether said reader is convinced by the argument of the existence of this purported Law . Lewis argues that it seems that everybody has some innate understanding of a proper , moral behavior . He says that if we did n't , it would make no sense to say that Nazi 's behaved `` badly '' . Saying they behaved `` badly '' only makes sense if you have a fundamental understanding of what it would mean to behave well.My first complaint is that I feel he trivializes the differences of morality amongst different cultures . He agrees that there are differences but says `` these have never amounted to anything of a total difference ... Men have differed as to whether you should have one wife or four . But they have always agreed that you should not simply have any woman you liked . '' Considering how much to do Christians -LRB- including Lewis himself -RRB- usually make of the properness of the biblical `` one man , one woman '' concept , it seems odd to have him say that is n't a real difference . Lewis neglects to mention that some cultures have found it acceptable for men to kill their wives if they find them displeasing . This is n't a real difference?However , I do agree that at least most cultures have had some form of `` The Golden Rule '' . In fact , Lewis himself later refers to `` The Golden Rule of the New Testament -LRB- do as you would be done by -RRB- '' . So , if I accept that at least most cultures have had some form of this , the question then becomes , where did it come from ? Lewis discusses two naturalistic possibilities , instinct and learned behavior . Lewis dismisses these . To dismiss instinct , Lewis discusses the scenario where somebody sees someone in trouble . They may have the instinct to run away to protect themselves . And he says they may have the instinct to help the other person . Yet somehow the person must make a choice between the two instincts , and the means that one employs to make that choice must be The Moral Law . It seems to me that it is more likely to be learned behavior even though Lewis dismisses that possibility.I should n't say that Lewis completely dismisses that The Moral Law as being learned behavior . In fact , he agree that it is , much like the multiplication tables are something that you learn . But we could n't have arbitrarily made up the multiplication tables . Nor , he argues , could we have arbitrarily decided The Moral Law . For evidence of this , he again reiterates his claim that all cultures have had similar morality ; and if morality were arbitrary then that would n't be so . As I 've said , I 'm not convinced this is the case . But I have agreed that most cultures have had some form of The Golden Rule . So Lewis would say that I 'm agreeing with him . Well , not really . Is there any other possible explanation for the universitality of The Golden Rule ? I think there is . For my own self preservation , it seems obvious that I would want other people to not to decide to arbitrarily kill me . It also seems obvious that I would have no reason to have such expectation of other people , if I wo n't likewise arbitrarily go kill them . It does n't seem to me that it requires a God to have told me this . Granted , in today 's society , the concept of treating others as you would have them treat you sometimes seems to be in amazingly short supply . Yet I 'd still say that it really should n't take a rocket scientist , let alone God , to figure this out.Lewis accepts some desire to help others is instinct . He calls it the `` herd instinct '' . I 'd prefer to call it `` empathy '' . Many Christians ask why would this evolve ? If we evolved , would n't we evolve primarily the instinct to save ourselves ? However , Lewis does n't ask this question and accepts that we do in fact have such an instinct . But he believes that the self-preservation is a stronger instinct and that therefore if someone chooses to help someone instead of saving themselves , it must be because of The Moral Law . However , he does n't seem to offer any proof that the self-preservation instinct would be stronger than empathy . But even if he is correct and self-preservation is the stronger instinct , the combination of learned behavior plus the `` herd instinct '' seems to me to be quite capable of being stronger than the self-preservation instinct , at least in some individuals in some situations . Maybe I ca n't prove that my explanation is correct . But I assert that Lewis has not proven it to be wrong .
 IMPORTANT
 C.S. Lewis presents a disappointing defense of Christianity and Christian Ethics . The primary advantage of this work is that it is clearly written , and uses many analogies to help illustrate its points to the reader . The major disadvantage , however , is that these analogies and analysis are far too simplistic . By introducing an analogy Lewis merely assumes it as proof of the very thing he is trying to argue . Page after page is filled with analogy and reasoning which seems to rest on an undefended assumption . His argument that Christ was either `` Divine or a Madman '' for calling himself the Son of God , and that therefore we must believe the former is really ludicrous . Any number of persons have been false prophets and made false claims , but because the claims are outrageous does n't mean we must accept them . If Christ is any different , he has not shown how Christ 's ideas were different , which is where he should have gone . I write this from the perspective of one friendly to the Christian religion and its ethics , and simply do n't think Lewis has done a very good job in arguing for the Christian religion . Too many of his arguments are really thinly veiled theological assumptions that are uncritically presented in two-dimensional depth .
 This is not a review of Mere Christianity , C.S. Lewis was a genius.This is on the quality or better yet the lack of quality of the manufacture of this book ; the paper is the cheapest grade imagineable , the binding is also very low grade , and to top it off the publisher did n't cut the pages evenly.I thought for the price they were charging the paper and binding would be of good quality , needless to say I was greatly mistaken.Buy a paperpack edition from another publisher , you 'll get a much better made book and save money at the same time .
 As an atheist , I thought that maybe reading `` Mere Christianity '' would give me some insight into why intelligent Christians can believe what they do . Unfortunately , it did not . The book 's logic is often -LRB- usually ! -RRB- shoddy and I learned more by visiting a church one day and speaking to the pastor for 15 minutes than from reading this entire book.I do n't know , I did n't care for this book . It is well written in an easy to read fashion , but do n't let that fool you
 I 'm an agnostic , which pretty much means that the only thing I know for certain is that I know nothing for certain . Hence , in reading this title , I naturally had a tendency to question the arguments presented.Overall I found that C.S. Lewis ' work , while smartly written , was an exercise in fallacies . I 'm not criticizing his belief or his talent for writing -LRB- I thoroughly enjoyed his Narnia stories growing up -RRB- , but I think his arguments for those beliefs does have what most would call holes in them . And yes , his views are a bit unconventional by today 's standards , -LRB- but then again he did write some time ago , so that 's an understandable trait . -RRB- I can see why so many Christians would enjoy the book . What 's not to enjoy for them , it reinforces their beliefs . If you 're already skeptical of the religion 's arguments for being the one and only truth , this will most likely deepen the seed of distrust in your head . If you are a believer , then hey , here 's some christian soup for the soul.What I find most discouraging is that with the previous reviews , there is a tendency for reviews that praise the book to receive larger amounts of votes towards the review itself being helpful . Those that criticized the book tend to get lower votes . Why is that ? A review is generally a descriptive opinion of something . Whether or not the review speaks highly of the product should n't prove if it 's helpful or not . In my opinion any review that provides details is helpful.It really looks like those religious souls that believe in what C.S. Lewis did are offended that someone would criticize their views , and therefore have chosen to vote against the review being helpful . Seriously , look at the reviews and you should see the trend.That 's very sad that so many folks ca n't get past the fact that everyone 's entitled to different opinions and I think it speaks volumes for why religion has divided so many in the world.I know , I digressed from the original topic of the book , but I could n't help it . Pick up the book and read it , you 'll most likely either embrace it or discard it , there 's rarely an in between . The one star is for the style and talent of writing.So was this review helpful , or merely offensive to Christians ? Let 's see what the votes say ... -LRB- I 'm guessing 2 out of 20 will find this helpful . -RRB-
 While this is often held up as a paragon of clear , concise , and convincing apologetics , Mere Christianity is logically weak , filled with antiquated views , and ignorant of some basic social science.To begin with , Lewis likes to raise objections to his arguments , imaging that these are the very things a non-believer might say in response to his claims . However , most of these objections are petty and insignificant , easily refuted and not anything a serious non-Christian would raise as an objection.For example , he likes to use the Lord/Lunatic/Liar argument for the divinity of Jesus -LRB- see Book 2 Chapter 3 -RRB- . It goes as follows
 I was referred to this book by a Christian acquaintance . She labeled it as `` masterfully logical . '' There were countless times while reading the book that I would literally laugh out loud at the contrast between that description and what Lewis was actually saying.Apparently this book is considered to be one of the most influential and best works ever written in defense of Christianity . If that is the case , then the defense of Christianity is in a sad state . Of course , as an unbeliever I 'm unlikely to affirm the conclusions of a book like this , but I have seen intelligent arguments for theism such as Plantinga 's `` analogous mind '' argument . Even though I disagree that the argument is ultimately persuasive , I 'll concede it is well-made and thought-provoking . I ca n't offer the same praise for any of the arguments in C. S. Lewis 's Mere Christianity.The famous trilemma -LRB- liar , lunatic , or lord -RRB- found here is astonishingly stupid -LRB- or possibly just intentionally misleading -RRB- because it assumes that the Gospels are indeed `` gospel '' and ignores the best explanation of a liberal mixing of mythologizing and embellishment that almost undoubtedly occurred in the numerous decades from the life of `` Jesus '' to the time the gospels were written . A reasonably intelligent first grader could point out this glaring problem.The discussions centering on ethics and morality are very nave and show a lack of awareness of large areas of philosophy , not to even mention moral psychology and basic social psychology . To be fair though , the latter two were n't very well-developed fields in Lewis 's day , but it is nevertheless inexcusable that someone who thinks they have something interesting to say on ethics does n't even display awareness of basic things like the Euthyphro dilemma . One can get 95 % of the substance of Lewis ' system of morality by stopping and listening to the next street-corner preacher you come across.The remainder of Lewis 's arguments are not very noteworthy . They essentially boil down to reifying intuition in a nave form of anthropomorphism . This is actually quite understandable since this is exactly what the cognitive science of religion claims religion is -LRB- seeSupernatural Agents
 Lewis fails to support any of this major claims and fails to take seriously any argument other than his own . I was very disappointed as many have spoken well of this book.His `` argument '' would only appeal to someone who is already a Christian ; non-Christians who are looking for a good logical argument supporting Christianity will be disappointed.The book 's version of a water-down version of Plato 's theory of forms -- spiced up with a touch of Aristotle -- represents , at best , middle-brow religious theorizing .
 C.S. Lewis builds foundations of logic based on faulty black or white situations , and then expounds his theories upon the trembling base beneath . The further an objective human being gets , the less steady the footing becomes . It is inconceivable to me that such a book can occupy a revered position to otherwise objective people . Of course , objective individuals are not the target audience . If you are a Christian , then this book will most likely confirm that you are indeed the best , the smartest , and the only truly righteous in the only way such a thing can be confirmed
 Metaphors preferred over definitions , equivocations , unsupported premises , logical fallacies ... And this is only in chapter one .
 I 'm atheist and read this based on a friend 's recommendation . I had just finished ` Godless ' by Dan Barker , a former evangelist turned atheist and I was told to read this from a former atheist turned Christian . It was presented as ` here 's some facts that led this atheist to believe in God ' when in fact it 's just a feel-good book with no real relevant facts or revelation . Certainly it is n't on par with the arguments made by Barker in his book . I wasted my money .
 I had high expectations for this book , but it seems that C.S. Lewis is just saying the same things over and over again to justify his own transformation from an atheist into a Christian . Interesting historically , as a Christian response to WWII , but not very useful in a modern quest for Answers .
 This book is a collection of absolutely subjective platitudes that serves nothing more then to lead impressionable -LRB- to put it lightly -RRB- ... dare I say ... hungry seekers of an explanation and reconciliation of their own mortality and the ever after.And for the obvious `` fan '' base . It 's just a little more brick 'n mortar to fortify their own -LRB- ________ -RRB- ... insert your own .
 I 'm not a Neitsche fan , but I paraphrase him above since it certainly applies here . C.S. Lewis gives a prosaic overview of why he chose to be a Christian . In lieu of honest inquiry he proffers flowery postulates with barely a hint of evidence . This is not a bad book if you 're looking for a plausible excuse to be religious ; but if you 're not afraid to take a closer look at Christianity , read something like Dan Barker 's `` Losing Faith in Faith '' . Or , for a closer look at religion in general , read Campbell 's four-book series entitled `` The Masks of God '' .
 The title shoud be changed to `` I 'm now a Christian and here 's why ... '' I wo n't even bother to discuss the silly analogies and ridiculous attempts at logic to be found in this `` masterpeice '' of his . This book is great to Christians merely because it is a written example of one who has `` chosen the light '' and had a PhD , hooray ! Also , the mere idea that there 's still a war between science and religion in 2001 should baffle everyone and those responsible should find better , more constructive things to do with their life . If you are seeking the Truth , look to those whom you trust and ask them . Or look inside yourself for the answers , most are already there . Good luck to everyone and may God have mercy on your souls .
 Perhaps I 'm confused , but by Book II
 Timeless erotic awakening ? YAWN . The painfully self-conscious , self-induced angst of Isadora Wing set my teeth on edge . Her overwrought self-indulgence made me want to reach deep into the book and strangle the pabulum right out of her . This is one of a genre of thinly-veiled self-aggrandizing narratives of How The Writer Came To Find Her Voice Against All Odds . Only thing is , there really are very few odds opposing her , so she had to make stuff up out of whole cloth.The narrator is a daughter of a charmingly eccentric New York family with access to the founts of power a West Coaster could only dream of . Histrionic diatribes against the corruption of an Ivy League education fall flat on readers who would trade life and limb for access to that very thing . Lengthy relationships with Freudian analysts and Isadora 's acceptance of their imaginary explanations for made-up neuroses are beyond tiresome . Finally - and perhaps most offensively - Isadora finds her voice only after being treated abominably by her lover and in turn treating her husband just as badly . This sort of selfishness can only be understood by a baby boomer , I humbly submit , and those of us who 've come after the Most Self-Indulgent Generation will have no truck with it.Having said all of the above , at least I hated Isadora enough to read the entire book .
 The novel contains some unkosher stereotypes that detract from the sincerity of Isadora Zelda 's enlightenment . Isadora seeks to create an unmolded definition of herself -- a non-suicidal , female artist free of male obsession . However , she mocks her African-American brother-in-law for being white because he is a wealthy doctor who enjoys golf -LRB- as if he is not allowed to define himself outside of typical views -RRB- . Isadora wants others to value her poetry but mocks all greasy -LRB- her words -RRB- Arabs for writing poems . She wants a lover who will understand her complexity . Nonetheless , she takes the close-minded attitude that all Germans loved Hitler . Stereotypes and racial bias litter the novel -LRB- even her second husband is an inscrutable - her words again - Chinese man -RRB- . I could not enjoy Isadora 's rise to empowerment because her accent seemed dependent upon the lowering and dismissing of other people .
 A very trippy novel filled with Freudian imagery ! The explicit erotic fantasies and `` bitchiness '' of the main character , Isadora Wing , were entertaining . However , I found it to be very depressing in general . Although it is refreshing to see a female author write with such sexual inhibition ... the plot seems to be lacking realism . Isadora actually made me nauseous at times with her bad selection of boy toys ! I think a visit from the personal hygeine fairy would have been nice . She was definitely a woman who was playing with a few cards short of a full deck ! In my opinion the first few chapters were the best ... and the conclusion was disappointing and left me wanting more closure between Isadora & her husband !
 A friend who generally has great taste in literature recently gave me this book . My problem with it has nothing to do with the language . I actually found it refreshing to read a female author speak like a man . I think anyone who finds it offensive needs to wake up . My problem is that I do n't think it is an empowering tool for anyone , specifically women . I ca n't stand these self-deprecating intellects who have an impressive ability to grasp a situation but then fall flat on their face when it comes to acting on it.About halfway through , I found myself despising the main character , which is weird because I tend to be sympathetic to even the most unlikable protagonists . I could n't relate to any of her decisions . I could n't understand why she was attracted to Adrian and surrounding herself with men who clearly wanted to control her . She seemed like your classic example of a woman too smart for her own good . Maybe that 's the literary genius behind the book , but I found it frustrating . It seemed like for all her feminist thoughts and ideals , she could never act on any of them . It made her seem weak . I only finished it because of my obsessive nature when it comes to reading . Personally , I found it uninspiring , tedious at times , and self-indulgent .
 I was searching for the words to review this book for you , so I was scanning through other reviews to see if anyone else had the same feel for it I did . Then I read this
 In all fairness , I was n't able to finish this novel . The author seems to have a singular obsession with things sexual to the exclusion of most of the important characteristics of a good story.If you like the theme of a woman 's sexual liberation , read Chopin 's _ The Awakening _ or Lawrence 's _ Lady Chatterley 's Lover _ instead . -LRB- Besides , the sex is much better in _ LCL _ . -RRB- In addition to tackling this controversial subject , these books are masterfully written and classics for all time .
 I picked this book as it was a big hit . It is a little tough to read and I have n't finished it yet . It is not like me . Ca n't say it 's the best thing I ever read .
 Perhaps this was `` on the edge '' years ago - now it is just a very slow read . The main character needs to grow up .
 I read the first several pages at the bookstore and could not wait to bring the book home . What a disappointment it turned out to be ! A 100 pages into it , I was so disqusted with histrionic Isadora , the book sailed across the room into the trash can . While the story did offer insight into the `` female condition '' that was certainly applicable to our time , the main character , with her narcissism , immaturity , and complete lack of appreciation for the lifestyle that her `` neurotic '' family provided for her , was simply too unpalatable . Why or why all the psychoanalysis ? Was she a victim of childhood sexual abuse ? Was she violently beaten and emotionally neglected ? Did she encounter terrible trauma as a child or adolescent ? If not , then what explains the incessant therapy?I am not usually offended by profanity , but ongoing references to c -- t made me wince . Perhaps , Ms. Jong felt that throwing these around was a sign of psychic liberation ; to me , it felt like a constant stream of vulgarity that detracted from the story . And what is with the obnoxious name dropping ? Ms. Jong is clearly a well educated woman but she goes to such lengths with her never ending references to authors and literary characters that it all becomes supremely annoying , especially because it brings little or nothing to the story . Also , I do not understand what drew Isadora to Adrian Goodlove except for his smart turtlenecks and cussing , or how she could flit from one European country to another , constantly complaining of this inferiority or that while being completely useless herself.Overall , I failed to grasp what made Fear of Flying a `` seminal feminist classic '' . There are books that are infinitely more informative and insightful that have withstood the test of time . This work , in my humble opinion , was a waste of time .
 I could n't stand the protagonist . Of course , I 'm not sure she was MEANT to be likable in the first place , but still , she turned me off . Plus , I had the constant thought running through my head throughout the book , `` So just go get laid already , who really cares ? '' I suppose it was a big deal when it was originally written , but nowadays ? Totally irrelevant .
 As someone who has a genuine phobia of flying I thought that this book might provide some useful insights . After about a hundred pages I realized that it was just a lot of lurid filth . It is a total con . I ended up throwing it off the train somewhere in the middle of Manitoba . Probably the biggest rip since the Neverending Story .
 Fear of Flying -LRB- FOF -RRB- upset me , a male reader . Protagonist Isidora likes to sleep around , and since ` effing ' was so critical to her , she should have become a hooker . My sympathies lie with the poor husband -LRB- s -RRB- who are apparently clueless and/or insane . Women 's lib as depicted in this book is a phony exercise where women attempt ` equal ' status with men ` plus ' their usual treachery and guile . BTW , this is a redone review after PC amazon censors blocked the first .
 Here we have a woman who did n't know if she loves or not her husband and want an affair , if you tell me that that is the way that all the women think I really do n't agree with that , I do n't really think that this book could save any marriage or even any relation , having an affair is against all the laws , but many people do that -LRB- I said many not all -RRB- and I think that if one is having an affair he or she will not tell the New York Times , this things are secretes always or almost always.This book has to many pages that does n't say anything or what it says is out of range of any book , but why she has to returned to her husband ? I thing that Isadora really needs help .
 The heroine is a bloody racist -LRB- which is taken for wit , I guess -RRB- . What a turn-off .
 OK . I 'll admit that since I was born in 1967 , I missed the sexual revolution . After reading FEAR OF FLYING , I am almost glad I did miss it ! This book , to me , seemed nothing more than self-serving name-dropping references to supposed cultural ideas and icons who incidentally did not stand the test of time . I think that Jong must have meant this book for people who were alive during this time . A lot of the references seemed to me to be awfully obscure . A real classic work can handle cultural references without making the reader feel as if the author is being condescending and only showing off her education . This book seems to me to just be a showcase for Jong 's own insecurity . I expected more emphasis on fantasy and sexuality and less on pseudointellectualism and shallowness . This book has been compared to PORTNOY 's COMPLAINT . I find PORTNOY to be a much better character , much more developed and more honest . At least I did not need Who 's Who nor Facts on File to read Roth 's work ! DO N'T BUY FEAR OF FLYING . It is a waste of time and money . If you want mental masturbation , simply get a dictionary and a vibrator .
 I tried giving it a shot but the book is -LRB- 1 -RRB- not sexy , as it is marketed , -LRB- 2 -RRB- about a lurid main character/narrator whom I ca n't follow , -LRB- 3 -RRB- filled with 1970s-style Freudian psycho-bull that attempts , amateurishly , to explain gender roles and relations , and -LRB- 4 -RRB- very solipsistic . It does n't seem at all like fiction but the bickerings of a sexually frustrated woman who thinks too much about herself and who does n't seem to be all that bright but manages to parade under some kind of feministic pseudo-intellectual banner . I just found the narrator despicable and did n't finish the book . I ca n't believe it has such a high review on Amazon , which means , I guess , that the majority of people reading it in 2011 are people who are already sympathetic to the book or author.Don ' t bother . If you want sex pick up Anais Nin or Zane or Philip Roth -- anything else that has a story or good prose style , just not this .
 This author 's lack of mastery of the English language is apparent by the number of times she feels compelled to use the &#34; F &#34; word . For some reason , I had never read this popular book when it came out -- now I know why !
 Seemed to be an experiment in stream of consciousness with a storyline . The constant thoughts of the character seem to interfere with the book . There is odd sexual situations and thoughts which I assume was very provocative at the time but now are just like amateur literotica . Not recommended .
 Bancroft and Zumpt did a great job with the content . Nabu Press 's print job is blurry , but the free Google ebook also has blurry printing . Maybe no clearly-printed exemplars exist . Nabu Press says on an end-paper
 I really did n't find any new information that I had n't read before about Troy . It lacked something of value and certainly not worth the money unless you are really a huge Troy Aikman fan . The book went immediatly in my garage sale and of course I had to continue marking down the price to get it bought . 2.00 . Pictures were also boring and seemed to be written by a 10 year old .
 I am dissappointed by the projects in this book . In many cases , the instructions indicate that parts should be glued together when sewing them together would be simple enough and would increase the longevity of the finished work -LRB- important considering the end user -RRB- . The pictures are nice and make the projects look good , but time and again I have picked up this book thinking I will make something for my kids and put it down in frustration realizing that there is n't a project in the book that I want to do .
 This book reads more like a college term paper than a book . Perhaps it was based on the listing that it was also published in the Journal of Housing for the Elderly . The tables are very poorly formatted -LRB- sideways , what is that about ? -RRB- and mostly not very informative . I am researching to open a Residential Care Service and I would say of the 106 short pages in this book I found maybe 10 of them useful or interesting . Also note that the book was written in 1991 so all of the demographic and pricing information is 18 years out of date .
 It took countless attempts and a few really long flights to finish this drivel . There is nothing in this book that should save it from recycling . Pity , a good tree was killed to print it . I wondered how on Earth it could get the Nobel Prize ... And then I saw that Wole Soyinka was the first African author to receive it . And it was his first novel . That explains ! The old f.rts from the Novel Committee chose an unknown author , made sure he is black and from Africa , and gave him the prize . You say it ca n't be ? Why not ? Obama got nominated for the Nobel after only 20 days in the office . What 's the difference?As for the novel itself
 Nothing in this book that has n't already been said elsewhere . And said better . The author presents the obvious and provides little or no flavoring from personal experience . The quality of the prose is worthy of a high school student . A few pictures might have helped a bit , but even that 's doubtful .
 I have been through most of the test preperation books in the market , but this I was very optimistic upon coming to this book . The book itself is not written in a `` user-friendly '' manner , and the best parts of this book are the 3,500 word vocab list . The math section is very comprehensive , however , the questions are a lot harder than those found on the SAT , which eventually starts to discourage you . I verbal review sections are practically useless , and the strategies do not work . Once again , buy this book only for the vocabulary list , and then move on to some other book -LRB- such as kaplan , etc. . . -RRB- . This list will give you the foundation to answer analogies and sentencecompletions but nothing more ... The practice tests are quite useless , and are much harder than that found on the real SAT ... Good luck on you test preperation
 There are SO many typos in the answer keys of some of the exercises -LSB- I feel that it -RSB- render almost all the sample tests useless -LRB- unless one goes back question by question to find all the errors , and since one is unlikely to go back to look at a question believed to have been answered correctly , one does n't actually know how well one has done . -RRB- Worse , in the section meant to analyze capabilities , -LSB- I feel -RSB- it is often assumed that one does n't know how to do a question -- and hence the only correct answer is to say that one has guessed!As a result , one may be misled to work on a course of study that is unnecessary , and miss the one that is!A shocking piece of work .
 Having tested many books that deal with the SAT I was positively surprised by the depth this book provided . The problem is the fact that the sample questions in it do not really reflect the real SAT-test and can only be used to study the math or the critical thinking skills.Also , dont plan to use this book to brush up your vocabulary - the included word-list provides you with only the meanings of the words and not with a sample sentence.This book might be suitable for usage in combination with 10 Real SATs or some other book that features more realistic SAT questions .
 Way too many names , Way too much detail.There is a story hidden in this book , but it is hard to dig it out . It could have been a good read .
 This dictionary only translates from English into Russian so it is likely to be nearly worthless for native English speakers .
 For the life of me , I do n't see what people get out of Kathleen Norris ' writing ! Her thoughts are jumbled , scattered , rambling , disjointed , and highly self-absorbed to boot!If you want to read a REAL book about monastic life , I recommend The Genessee Diary . Pass on this one . I feel that I 've completely wasted the few hours I spent trudging through this tome .
 Beneath its beautiful cover this book started well then rapidly became a modernist exercise in denunciation of matters , beliefs , situations that find Kathleen Norris ' disfavor . She hides her complaints well at first with her pretense of praise for the ancient Benedictine traditions , but like M. Scott Peck 's In Search of Stones , which this work reminds me of so much , it soon becomes clear the topics within have varying degrees of subject matter in common with what this misleadingly marketed book is about . I wanted a book about modern Benedictines and the experience of residing among them and instead got a bellicose , self-obsessed , self-congratulatory account of times selectively spent brushing up against a semi-monastic existence . A boring , frustrating , sometimes almost unfathomable letdown because in description The Cloister Walk sounded so good .
 As someone who is familiar with monastic life and customs , this book really did n't do much for me . Most of it is wide-eyed wonderment at the way these people live which , at least for me , does not inspire deep spiritual thinking and reflection although the other reviewers seem to have gotten something from it , so that 's good for them . The fact that this book appeals to so many people shows the lack of depth America has in its religion . Her `` golly gee '' attitude and continual repetition of stories showing how `` normal '' monastics are is very tiresome and is no different from how the media and Hollywood portray religious life . A big problem with the book is her writing style . She has to constantly remind us she is a writer and the techniques she uses are very obvious . The better writers use writing technique and style in an unobtrusive way , getting their points across without calling attention to themselves . Another annoying facet of this book is her constant mention of women and their contributions to religion and life . I am among that group of people who is very tired of having `` inclusivity '' shoved down our throats . Perhaps her next book will display some depth and reach out to a larger audience . She could also use a good editor .
 Norris ' book was so highly praised that some disappointment was inevitable . There are some good insights , but they 're mixed in with pompous , snobblish , quirky , cranky , and deliberately obtuse comments . Her language is frequently adolescent , with pointless vulgarity or slang . She is remarkably self-centered . Her model for this is Thomas Merton , but it 's a pity she imitates all his worst habits !
 If you 're expecting a book that details the authors in-depth experiences with Benedictine spirituality or a how-to book on retreats . Then this is not the book for you . This book should have been called `` The Cloister-Lite Walk '' . And as a Catholic I found this book to be very offensive.This book centers on the happenings of the author 's daily life with a sprinkling of her `` not-so much about '' experiences with Benedictine spirituality where all of the chapters are laid out according to the Liturgical year -LRB- Saints days / feasts days -RRB- . For Catholic 's looking for some insight on Benedictine spirituality and retreats ... be forewarned . This book is written by an author who claims to have returned to her Protestant roots and wants to share how Benedictine spirituality has had an influence on her life.But if you scratch past the surface of this , you will find that contained in the book are stories of Benedictine religious who are not in the least faithful to the teachings of the Catholic church.For example , on page 12 she speaks of a monk named David ... `` he purchased an amulet of a whale 's fluke ... The woman who sold it to him said it had been blessed by a Methodist bishop , but he could also take it to a priest of the old religion . `` I did '' , he said . `` It cost me a six-pack of beer and a carton of cigarettes `` You will also find ALOT of ANTI-CATHOLIC BIAS in this book . The author states that the writings of Saint Jerome cause modern women to think that `` women must be either virgins or whores , either blessed or cursed , while men are simply sexual athletes , slaves of lust '' . -LRB- page 24 -RRB- Assumes that in the hospital where she was born that the nuns being who they are `` one of them may have baptized me in secret '' -LRB- page 88 -RRB- That celibacy in the Catholic church should show us how `` we need only look at newspaper accounts of sex abuse by priests to see that celibacy is n't working '' -LRB- page 116 -RRB- . The author shows her true ignorance as to the origins of the sex abuse scandal . I recommend that readers get ahold of the book `` Goodbye , Good Men '' by Michael S. Rose which shows that celibacy is far from being the reason why the horrors of the abuse of children by priests occurred.The author then takes a much-loved Catholic saint `` Maria Goretti '' and reduces her to nothing more than a virgin-patsy used by the Catholic Church just like Marilyn Monroe was by those she knew in her life and states that Maria Goretti `` in a curious way she reminds me of Marilyn Monroe '' -LRB- page 223 -RRB- . On top of this she agrees with what was said in article on Maria Goretti that states `` that a woman was better dead than raped '' ... . And by canonizing her , the church has seemed to many to agree . '' -LRB- page 224 -RRB- The author appears to think that it would have been better if Maria Gorretti allowed herself to be raped and should n't have defended her virginity . This kind of liberalism trying to pass as a book showing her respect towards Benedictine spirituality whilst at the same time throwing out her little anti-Catholic jabs is reason enough for any devoted Catholic to pass on this book.A final example of her anti-Catholicism is the chapter entitled `` Women and the Habit
 This was not at all what I expected . It was just nostalgic rhetoric , did n't have any real depth to it . I stopped reading it after maybe 30 pages .
 I was pretty disappointed with this book . I tried to stay with it , thinking it might get better but ended up putting it down after about half way.The author focuses more on her personal , anecdotal stories then her actual time spent in the monastery living among the vowed . Absent was any insights or conversion gained by her experiences with the religious , which was more what I was looking for.Anyone wanting to understand more about the depths of faith gained from religious life should spend their time and money reading some of the saints instead .
 I was expecting this to be a book about the monastic experience , but instead , it is a book mostly about Kathleen Norris , her life , and her social theories . There are a few nuggets of wisdom sprinkled here and there , but not enough to justify reading all the surrounding dross . Worse , there is no humility in the book at all.Instead of being a seeker of wisdom who went into religion and then wrote about her experience , Norris seems to be merely a writer with a gimmick of hanging out with monks and nuns to get a good book idea . If you like that sort of thing , you may like this book , but you should know what you 're getting before you buy it.There is a hard edge to Norris 's writing , an underlying anger and vulgarity . For example
 After reading this book , a very supernatural thing happened to me ... I started praying non-stop ! And this pray basically went , `` Lord , forget all about that other crap I asked for , just help me get my money back from buying that aweful book , `` The Cloister Walk '' . It was a rambling , uninsightful book which talked at great length about being a poet and surprisingly little about the process involved in choosing the cloistered walk , which was more of what I was expecting . I love writing and poetry , but it should not dominate the discussion in such a book . I almost cried as I forced myself to finish the book , with my Grandma 's words `` Waste not , want not '' at the forefront of my mind .
 Although Ms. Norris book describes much of the beauty of the Catholic faith , it ultimately is spoiled by conceit and self-promotion . I was dismayed that someone who does not embrace the Catholic faith would have no qualms receiving the Holy Eucharist . Kathleen Norris should stick with describing the Protestant Faith she espouses .
 This book was one of the most boring books I 've had to read in a long time . I found the writing to be unimaginative and felt like the book had no direction . I was very disappointed and had forgotten it before it was even finished .
 pls note that the author is not a psychiatrist or neorologist , the book is a big promotion for his own consulting business , you read about how good he is rather than how you could have a good night , ` no more sleepless night ' , though a bit dated , is better by far
 If anyone is actually looking for a true tale of the plight of California Indians , do n't bother to look at Jackson 's novel.It is inherently racist , written by a woman who does n't deserve to be mentioned in the same likes as Upton Sinclair or Harriet Beecher Stowe.On one of her visits to California , Jackson called the Native Americans she saw `` loathsome , abject and hideous . '' In her novel , she does n't stray far from this inherent indignation of another race . In fact , she most likely had no idea she was being racist , another reason entirely why this book should be burned . ALternately thorughout the book , Jackson refers to the indians Ramona and ALlesandro encounter as `` patient creatures '' -LRB- 16 -RRB- , `` poor creatures '' -LRB- 20 -RRB- , `` wild creatures '' -LRB- 47 -RRB- , `` faithful creatures '' -LRB- 353 -RRB- , `` miserable creatures '' -LRB- 324 -RRB- , `` vagabond bands '' -LRB- 286 -RRB- `` like beasts '' without the Christianizing presence of the Missions -LRB- 231 -RRB- . are they human ? possibly . are they equal to the pastoral spanish who enslaved them that Jackson venerates so much ? most definitely not.Secondly , ALlesandro could be the most anglicized Indian ever . He is most assurredly an abberation , physically looked like a mexican , was the most devout catholic , lives in a house that is like any mexican villa . INdeed , Jackson remarks that `` There were not many such Indians as Allesandro and his Father . If there had been , it would have been better for their people , '' -LRB- 327 -RRB- and that he `` almost makes one forget he is an Indian . '' -LRB- 101 -RRB- . also , she refuses to create an interracial love story . the whole crappy book is predicated on the fact that Ramona is half indian . only when she is indian can she fulfill Jackson 's debased notion of racial determinism.Besides the myriad moral reasons why this book is so terrible , it could be the most groandiose , verbose , and pooorly written romance book EVER . the characters lack any moral ambiguity which would make for interesting characterization and are constantly marked by sweeping romantic gestures that could better be classified as trash fiction than a literary classic.You 'd find more entertainment from reading the yellow pages than wasting your time . The world would be a better place if the trees from which the paper for this book came from were still planted .
 This book is an excellent story . Lots of California history . . or better . . Alta California as it was known in the era.BEWARE OF THE PHYSICAL BOOK !!!!! It is about 10 `` x11 '' ... printing of the story is VERY !!!! pale.I will keep this ... but have ordered an older , normal paperback version ... similar to the one I left accidentally at the San Diego airport.Terrible size and print itself . Find another book of Ramona , by Helen Hunt Jackson ... and be ready to want to go to Old Town San Diego.Michaelene Gon .
 Worst book ever , this is a rip off ! It 's not at all what is described ...
 I was very disappointed in the quality and supposed insight in this book ! All it is a collection of some poems from Mt. Berkowitz . Although the poems are good , there is no good reason to pay -LSB- amt -RSB- for them . It seems there is a definite attempt to discredit all that Mr. Berkowitz is doing now to make up for all the pain he has caused . It has been almost 25 years since this crime took place and if I am going to spend my money on a book about Mr. Berkowitz I would expect it to be more worthwhile . It seems the writer has a vendetta or something against Mr. Berkowitz . I found much better info on Mr. Berkowitz on his own personal website ... . They have there his daily journal which is much more interesting to read than this book ! I would give it ZERO STARS if possible !
 This book has to be the worst book I have ever purchased ! I was so disappointed in it ! I found nothing in it that was new and it seemed like the people who wrote it never graduated from elementary school ! They are ex-cons who have a vendetta against David Berkowitz . I really ca n't recommend it to anyone . Save your money !
 I wont buy your book ! Are you floating in money now ? He didnt fool anyone . The Christian grows over time . Good Try though . : -RRB-
 MY LATE FATHER WAS A MEDICAL DOCTOR IN THE 9TH CAVALRY REGIMENT , SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION . THERE WAS N'T MUCH SAID ABOUT THE 2ND CAVALRY DIVISION . PERHAPS COLONELTRUSCOTT DID N'T KNOW THAT THE 2ND CAV DIVISION WAS THE LAST HORSE CAVALRY IN THE US ARMY . THEY WERE PROUD MEN WHO REALIZED THAT THEY WERE THE LAST LINK TO THE WILD WEST . BRACKETTVILLE AND FORT CLARK WERE A REMOTE POST AND LOCATION . MY FATHER LEARNED TO RIDE A HORSE AT FORT CLARK . THE MEN HAD FUN IN A DIFFICULT SITUATION . IT HAS BEEN SAID THAT THE 2ND CAV DIV NEVER SAW COMBAT ; LET ME CORRECT THIS ... ELEMENTS OF THE 2ND CAVALRY DIVISION FERRIED MEN AND EQUIPMENT IN BURMA AND CHINA VIA HORSE AND MULE . THEY DID FIGHT THE JAPANESE . GIVE THESE PROUD MEN THE CREDIT THEY ARE LONG OVERDUE TO GET .
 Not well organized , and ... Very simple things are complicated by using so many words in this book.Why not use some math ? It would be way much clearer than chattering interminably.it 's waste of time
 I guess I need to look a little closer at what I 'm looking to check out in the future when it comes to non-fiction , as this was aimed just a LITTLE bit below my comprehension.The biggest issue with the book is that rather than presenting the facts of the various matters in a strictly historical context the author makes sure to point out how each of the individuals that had been involved in the various hoaxes - unwittingly or not - was either 1 -RRB- a Snidely Whiplash-esque villain , twisting his or her mustache as the marks fell for the con , or 2 -RRB- a grade a moron.In theory it would n't be a bad primer for this sort of thing , but you could easily glean more information from Wikipedia about each of the cases in question .
 This edition of the book is absolutely awful . The type is small and printed in a grayish fuzzy font that is hard to read . The margins are almost nonexistent . There is no space to write notes , not even at the bottom of the page . You will notice that this book is only 194 pages , whereas I recently found a very good used copy that is 378 pages . Both are unabridged , but in this edition the text is crammed onto the pages . Also , just scanning through the book today I quickly found two typos . Avoid this cheaply constructed edition . I sincerely hope Amazon stops selling it .
 Hello all.First off , this work is an important work of Dewey , someone I deeply respect ; HOWEVER ... Whatever you do , do not buy this hardcover edition of Democracy and Education . It is a cheap ebook / online edition of the book in a cheap hardcover binding . The text literally looks like it was printed off of a website . The font is horrible , the text is small , and there is no space between the lines . It is honestly disgusting to look at especially for the price of nearly 30 dollars . Buy another edition or a paperback copy if you really want to feel like you have a REAL book .
 Clearly , this is one of the most important books in the realm of education . This edition , however , is simply a bound set of photocopies from an earlier edition THAT WAS MARKED UP ! I figured there would be some imperfections , but this is worse than borrowing a handed-down used copy .
 This print has many pages in which the first letter -LRB- s -RRB- or last letter -LRB- s -RRB- are missing from the page . It also has the sloppy markings of a previous reader as part of the reprint . I did verified this was not a used copy by comparing the notes on the pages with a fellow student , and it is part of the book . I recomend this book , just buy a print from a different source/company . There are many prints , I beleive many other students had a simple looking version with a plain white cover .
 A great book for proposing social engineering in education but otherwise nothing new except mis-application of the scientific method to non-science areas . His concept of education is socialization . If there is something great is his theories it is well hidden and not supported by scientific or non scientific studies . .
 This edition of the book is unreadable . Do n't buy it . The font is about a 9 or maybe smaller . You would really hurt your eyes trying to get through this book .
 hey , Dewey is obviously great . But dont buy this edition . it is poorly laid out and has misspellings in a few places .
 I was forced to buy this for a grad class and it was absolutely boring . I was happy with the price and that 's about it .
 I liked Tess of the D'Urbervilles a lot . I could not finish Jude the Obscure -- not just because it was sad and tragic . I mean after awhile I got tired of reading about and feeling sorry for Jude and Sue who make most of their problems for themselves and then whine about them . I would describe this book as `` agonizing . '' And not nearly as good as Hardy 's other books that I have read . It is true that I was not able to finish the book -LRB- I got about half way through -RRB- so this may discredit my evaluation .
 This book was ok . I would n't recommend it unless a person was really into Victorian literature . The story is depressing and morbid .
 I first encountered Thomas Hardy through `` The Mayor of Casterbridge '' where I found his determinism to yield excellent themes , plot and character . From there I went to `` Return of the Native '' and enjoyed it as well . Then I thought that I might tackle `` Jude '' . This was some 40 years ago while a senior in college . I had remembered it as being sad and grim , but still worthwhile . Ostensibly I read an abridgement for , while depressing in the extreme , it did seem to move right along . Having forgotten a great deal of the narrative and story , I decided to read it again to see what new lessons I could glean.Unfortunately , this time I read the unabridged version . This tome is not only depressing , it is overly long , preachy , and boring . Hardy had decided to cover the entire Victorian world with this one . His themes take on religion , higher education , class structure of the day and , to some extent , feminism . To squeeze all these into his story and still make his convictions known to the public , he had his three protagonists -- Jude , Arabella , and Sue Bridehead spew forth every mundane , arcane , and pontificating thought that he could place into their mouths -- sometimes repeating the stultifying notions and concepts three of four times throughout the novel.This is a sorry threesome . They can never seem to make up their mind about anything , or if they do , they soon turn in another direction . Jude -- tender hearted and learned , but weak willed and a doormat ; Sue -- stong and scholarly initially , she soon turns into a wretched conformist ; and Arabella who , one must say knows that she is ignorant and a strumpet , is conniving and manipulative . -LRB- These three reminded me of the threesome in `` Sophie 's Choice '' and perhaps `` Jude the Obscure '' is where Styron conjured them , for they are every bit as boring , long winded and tragic . -RRB- This novel , as well as `` Sophie '' , could have ended with about a third of the ink that was finally laid to paper . Having gotten through the first three major chapters , one wishes that all three would die and that this book could be placed back on the shelf , never to be opened again . Unfortunately one must endure another four chapters and 250 more pages to be rid of it .
 Jude the Obscure was a very interesting novel , but I would not call it enjoyable . Hardy illustrates many different ambivalent characters , none of whom carry any heroic or acclaimed traits . The characters consist of Jude who has great potential , and aspirations but most of them are largely crushed by the way he handles his life and decisions . He lets the two female characters of the novel twist him and turn him in any , and every direction . He carries no stability and does not resemble any type of human being that has nobility . He has so many dreams and he works so hard to achieve them , but often he lets outside forces influence him and sway his priorities . This is the character that Hardy bases the book around , a man who has goals but they are continually cut down throughout the book . It also irritates me that the two characters who have this great amount of influence on him actually have no honor themselves . Arabella , his first wife is a woman who gets her way through life by dishonesty . She lies about anything and everything that will get her what she wants . In the beginning she gets Jude 's attention by throwing pig lard at him showing from the start her lack of refinement . She is the first character that sways Jude from his long time dream of becoming a scholar , doing this through her many lies and deceptions . The second character that contributes to the degradation of Jude 's character is Sue . This woman who is in actuality his cousin not only contributes in the detour of Jude 's many dreams , but she also ruins the small reputation that he has . By teasing him , and refusing to marry him she creates a relationship that causes a great deal of controversy in their society . She continues to drag Jude 's emotions until the very end never coming up with any achievements , and helping Jude do the same.Although I did n't particularly enjoy any of the characters that the novel consisted of , there were some major issues that are important especially looking at the time period that the novel was written . Having been published in a time period where sensitive issues were rarely spoken about such as the ones that are addressed made the book very unique . At that time period rarely topics were addressed like they are in Jude the Obscure . The book ventures into a great deal on the issue of society and it 's constrictions . Having society be one of the main topics was not what caused the most uproar at the time . The references of the church and education probably did not attain a pleasant reaction preventing many of the readers from observing the more major theme of the novel . No I did not enjoy the book , but I do not thoroughly understand the time period that the first publication occurred at , or the type of society that it was released to . Knowing that such information would probably make the book a little more appealing to me , but overall I can not say that it was an uplifting read .
 I have read four of Hardy 's novels and loved them but I did n't like this one and did n't even finish it . For one it is not an engaging novel . Usually I ca n't put Hardy 's novels down but I was reluctant to pick this one up . Second Hardy seems to blame `` society '' for everything that goes wrong in Jude 's life . This is a huge departure for Hardy who normally writes about flawed characters that create their own misery and troubles . Blaming social pressure not Jude 's personal acts is a departure from his other books such as The Mayor of Casterbridge.I personally had no sympathy for Jude or the other characters in the book . I also found the anti-marriage theme troubling . Jude chose to enter a relationship with Arabella who was completely wrong for him . People who knowingly enter relationships and then marriages with inappropriate people are completely responsible for the misery that results . Saying that social conformity is a bad thing because it asks men to take responsibility for the offspring they produce is troubling . Yes Arabella tricked him into marriage with a false pregnancy but he chose to become intimate with someone knowing pregnancy was a possibility . Hardy 's theme of victimization is so annoying I do n't plan to read anymore of his books .
 I read this book in high school because my demented English teacher wanted all of us at 16 to share her pain from a lifetime of mistakes . The book horrified me then , and it horrifies me now . As I approach 30 I deal with many of the issues that Jude had . Women , you ca n't life with them , you ca n't fit them in a blender . I do n't want the resposibility of a family , but do n't want to die alone . I think that a lot of my fear of marriage and commitment have to do with this book . Women can and will ruin your life , and getting married is the first day of the end of your life . It is crazy how my life has progressed so far to mirror this book , and I can only imagine that I will marry my current girlfriend that I know is wrong for me , and have a terribly unhappy life where my kids will kill themselves in a closet . Oh , did I put spoilers in ? It 's an old freaking book Jack so shut your pie hole . Did I manifest this book to become my life story ? I do n't know , but if I had n't read it I truly belive that I might have had a chance of being happy in this life .
 -LRB- This is a response to Ms. Kate Wiggin 's review of JUDE THE OBSCURE in the form of a review of that same book . -RRB- Ms. Wiggin , While I firmly believe that your review of HAMLET improved upon my own and deeply appreciate the courage you displayed in directly praising me , I can offer no commendation for your critique-or should I say , exaltation-of JUDE . After reading your review for the ninth time , I have come to the conclusion that it is some strange species of bilge that could easily be classified as unscrupulous toxic waste . You , Ms. Wiggin , strike me as a very dull-witted little girl whose only whetstone probably exists as a rather blockheaded father . I am about to begin my own discussion of JUDE and thus will no longer linger over your writing . Your entire review is comprised of nonsensical cant that both contradicts itself and makes ridiculous , irrelevant references . It deserves no further attention.JUDE THE OBSCUREThis , Hardy 's final novel , is in no respect a masterpiece . I can not imagine a novel in the entire Western Canon that is any worse . All of Hardy 's other 13 novels , though exceedingly melancholy , seem to have been written by another person
 Being an English AP student , I was given this book to read over the summer . I was hoping for a book with at least something enlightening or interesting in it , but I found this book to be nothing more than useless . Nothing can save this book from being what it is
 The edition of `` Jude the Obscure '' that I believe you 're seeing on this page -- the Signet paperback , with the two horses on the cover -- first came out in '61 and has n't been touched since then -LRB- except to add a bibliography in 1980 -RRB- . There is a helpful 11-page afterword by Al Alvarez , but that 's it . Signet has just been reissuing and reissuing the same thing for over four decades.With the Signet , though , there are no footnotes ; you 're just getting the bare text . That means that you 'll have zero help with Hardy 's rustic or ecclesiastical terms , not to mention the abundant Latin.In short , get this one : Jude the Obscure -LRB- Oxford World 's Classic -RRB- , in which said defect is remedied . And unlike the Signet , in which the text has adjusted to reflect modern spelling and pronunciation , the Oxford 's World 's Classics is Hardy 's original text as he saw it published .
 Jude the Obscure is a depressing book . Thomas Hardy portrays the main character , Jude , as a man with no morals and no backbone . The novel is full of immorality , beginning when Arabella reveals she is pregnant just to get Jude to marry her . Later in the book , Jude and Sue live together and have children , but they do not marry . These instances highlight the immorality and wickedness portrayed in the novel . Another quality Jude possesses is the lack of a backbone . He lets women run over him and tell him what to do . They also trick him and lie to him.Another thing I do not like about this book are the characters in general . None of them seem to have any redeeming qualities . There is no character that I liked . Each character has many evil things about him or her , and they lack positive traits . Arabella can be described as a `` woman of the world '' without feelings and sympathy . Sue appears at first to be a good , moral person , but she turns out to play with Jude 's thoughts . Jude is just a miserable man who lacks courage.This book is full of tragedy and misery . It is inevitable the reader will feel sorry for Jude . I caught myself saying `` Awww , poor Jude '' many times throughout the novel . Then at times I would remember he brought much of the tragedy on by his own actions.Hardy 's attitude to his novel is unclear . When reading the book , we are taken through Jude 's life , and we witness many things that seem to only affect Jude . Even though we are allowed to enter into the consciousness of the other characters , their motivation seems based on selfishness . The book is full of lies and deceptions . There is no serenity , peace , or understanding in the novel . It seems like the world is moving so fast , and when Jude attempts to comprehend what is going on , he is left behind.Love has the power to create suffering or happiness . In this book , the tension of the love relationship is increased when a third party comes into the picture . Without the presence of Phillotson , Jude and Sue 's relationship may have been quite simpler . She may have seen marrying Jude as the right thing to do . They could have gotten married and could have been a happy couple . Hardy did not let this happen ; he chose to leave the reader with the dark view of love.The only thing that redeems this book in any way is one of the themes it contains . This is the marriage theme , which is ambiguous in the novel . One could suppose Hardy 's view of marriage is one of abhorrence . This may be because of Jude 's cynical view of the issue . On the other hand , marriage can also be seen as a good thing because if Jude would have gotten married for the right reasons and if he really wanted to , he would not have married Arabella in the first place . Plus , great tragedy comes from the decision not to marry Sue , but to live with her and pretend they were married . I agree with the second view of marriage . I like how Hardy leaves it up to the reader to decide which view he has of marriage . This is probably the only thing I like about the book .
 Probably a book best read in the depths of a deep and dark winter - I found it way too depressing . Although I can enjoy ` bleak ' as much as the next man , this book just does not do ` bleak ' well -LRB- try Patrick White for that -RRB- . It is simply dull and depressing . By way of example , the character development is poor , surprising for quite a long book - the major characters never emerge much beyond cardboard cut-outs , set in variations of their unconventional ways . Honestly , I found myself wanting to slap them with a `` get over yourselves ! '' Hardy 's prose does take you to the time and place , however many other authors `` do the nineteenth century '' better -LRB- Dickens , Eliot , Gaskell -RRB- . And far too much of the dialogue in this book was tedious and unrealistic.In terms of themes , Hardy has a bit of a rant over the hypocrisy of established religion , the inaccessible ivory towers of tertiary education and the stigma of non-conforming - but really , most of the troubles experienced by the characters seem self-inflicted or exacerbated by their shallow , self-destructive natures , which detracts from the points Hardy was presumably trying to make . Unfortunately , for me , this book does not resonate . I will try another Hardy , as I expect this book may not have been one of his better efforts - certainly not in the realms of great literature as claimed by some reviewers . I suggest readers try Silas Marner as a much more effective piece in the ` self-effacing man ' genre.For Kindle users - the book format was fine , presumably the problems noted by previous reviewers have been fixed .
 Jude the Obscure is a novel typical of those written in its time period in England . When I had read fifteen pages into the first chapter , I turned to the title page to see the date-1895 . That 's correct , this is the time period of The Scarlet Letter fame . For those who are unfamiliar with The Scarlet Letter , it was written in the mid-1850s . The Scarlet Letter would have made an excellent short story of about twenty-five to thirty pages . It made for an extremely dry , slow novel . Jude the Obscure impressed me immediately as following after the same tradition . The difference
 thomas harding 's overly descriptive writing style backfired in this would be entertaining novel . hardy should 've realized that the harsh reception of the novel by the public was probably more because it 's boring than because of the controversial text . hardy ruined a perfectly good plot with excessive description and annoying detail .
 I did n't enjoy reading this one . I know Hardy is n't the most cheery writer , but this was beyond just depressing -- it was boring . About halfway through , I was tempted to just skip the rest but I trudged on to the bitter end.This may have been scandalous when it was published , but why could n't Hardy have done a better job with the ending ? The almost Dickensian sequence of hard-to-swallow tragedies was too contrived for my taste . Was Hardy afraid of writing a happy ending for this unconventional pair , or did he want to display the worst-case effects of a rigid social code of behavior ? Either way , it all became pretty unbelievable.From a historical point of view , as a jumping-off point for a discussion of the social constraints and morals of the period , Jude is a success ; it certainly seems to have set off some fireworks when it was first published . As casual reading , I ca n't recommend it .
 Jude the Obscure , written by Thomas Hardy , is the story of Jude Fawley and Sue Bridehead . It follows the development of their love for each other and then their demise as lovers . I did not enjoy this book . I found its characters to be feeble and its theme twisted.Jude Fawley is a penniless orphan raised by his aunt in a small English village . He is inspired by his schoolmaster Mr. Phillotson to pursue a goal of attending one of the great universities in the town of Christminster . His dream is crushed when the universities reject him because he was not properly educated , and more importantly because he is not of the upper class . While in Christminster Jude falls in love with his cousin Sue Bridehead who is a rogue in society . Sue is well read and opinionated . Before becoming acquainted with Jude , She had lived with a young scholar that loved her . The two were never married because Sue desired to live as comrades and not sweethearts because she did not love him . The entire novel follows the love affair of these two outcasts of society.I found that I could not become emotionally attached to these characters . Jude and Sue constantly assumed the role of victim . For example , Sue promises to marry Jude 's old school master Mr. Phillotson . She tells Jude that it is Mr. Phillotson 's plan that Sue will complete a teacher training school , and then the two , as a married couple , will take a position at a double school -LRB- a school for both boys and girls -RRB- . Sue acts like the victim of Mr. Phillotson 's planning ; she does not even consider that she could reject the plan just like she rejected the young scholar of her early days . After several of these incidents , I became desensitized to the suffering of the characters . Hardy lost his ability to manipulate my emotions by creating weak characters that never reacted to their surroundings , but were only acted upon by society.Thomas Hardy must be given credit for building consistent characters . Both Jude and Sue remain predictable throughout the novel . This quality leant credibility to the characters , because everything they did fit with their personality . I could believe that the characters were truly spineless human beings . They never surprised me by doing anything bold or courageous.I also found this novel to be distasteful due to the fact that I was left in a quandary as to the theme of the book after I had completed my reading . It appears Hardy was writing a criticism of the institution of marriage , but that can be debated . For example , Hardy pens the following statement by Sue as she and Jude attempt to marry in the Superintendent Registrar 's office
 This is free but also impossible to read the way it is formatted . The first few pages -LRB- that was as far as i got -RRB- were all centered text and I assume the rest of the book is like that too . It is very distracting and for me it is unreadable . Off to find a different version ...
 The digi reads edition does n't even have a table of contents making it completely useless in the classroom . There is no way to navigate by book sections , chapters or anything of the like . If you are reading straight through for fun , this might be fine , but if you are reading critically and need to quickly navigate sections it 's pretty much impossible .
 Not a great book . A required reading for a class and I could barely keep on reading it . Good luck .
 As a Hardy fan , I turned to `` Jude '' with high expectations -- and was very disappointed . I saw in his work the same recylcing of elements in other works -LRB- particularly `` Tess '' and `` Return of the Native '' -RRB- . If Hardy wanted to come out and condemn religion , he should have done so , instead of his little forays and hasty retreats . So read `` Jude '' if you must , but to see Hardy at his best I recommend `` Mayor of Castorbridge '' instead .
 This text contains the most often anthologized poems that Shelley wrote , not the complete poems and none of his prose . This book would be a good gift for a person who is just becoming interested in Shelley -LRB- who , by the way , is NOT by any means an obscure author -RRB- but is not comprehensive enough for even an undergraduate student . I recommend the Modern Library Complete Poems of Percy Bysshe Shelley instead of this for anyone who enjoys Shelley already . As for the prose , the Norton Critical volume is decent .
 This reprint is so ugly in its typography and layout that I sent it back and bought a used copy of the 1970 edition . The reprint is smaller than the original , and to compensate , the publishers have not only cut the margins down to almost nothing , but have compressed the text horizontally so that the character glyphs are unpleasantly out of proportion . Do not buy this edition unless you are completely indifferent to typography and graphic design .
 This review has Dr. Piper 's `` Desiring God '' book in mind , but I am spreading this post around for those who , like me , feel uneasy with Dr. Piper 's main point . I am restricting my review to that because -- from what I can tell -- it has become central to his whole outlook on God and life . It appears to have metastasized into almost all his writings . He spoke at a plenary session of our denomination and if I remember correctly he said something like , `` this is my theology . '' Here it is : `` What is the chief end of man ? To glorify God BY enjoying Him forever . '' And , `` God is most glorified in us when we are most satisfied in Him . `` Dr. Piper teaches that this is the supreme testimony of Scripture regarding glorifying God . He would have us adopt it as the highest priority in our lives . He is saying , in effect , God being glorified in us ultimately rests on whether or not this is happening.I read this years ago and the more I have thought about it in the light of the life of Christ the more uneasy I have become . But it has taken me years to find words for my uneasiness . Here is my best attempt so far.My question has been , What does Jesus Himself have to say about glorifying God ? Or , more specifically , did He say anything about HOW He personally glorified God ? If Dr. Piper 's theme is , in truth , at the heart of glorifying God on earth , then we can be sure Jesus certainly would have spoken to it . I can not believe that He would have left the question open on a matter of such transcendent importance.What did Jesus say about how He brought glory to God on earth ? One reference emerged in my study . He said , in His High Priestly prayer
 If I wanted a hack job commentary on Johnathan Edwards and CS Lewis , next time I will try to find someone who is a little more insightful than Mr Piper . Format
 Read the Library Journal review above . They 've got it right . This is junk , pure and simple - a hack job designed to let Mike Appel , one of the vilest men in the music business , whine about Bruce . There is no substance here , no real thought , certainly no real biography . I wish I could give it zero stars - even that is more than it deserves .
 Silone 's communist message is outdated.More , he makes the cardinal error to believe that solidarity is a basic human characteristic
 I HAVE JUST READ THE SILVERSWORD BY IAN ASTRAILIA PUBLISHED BY GOOGLE I LIKED IT BECAUSE THE MONKEY WAS SMOKING AND MY LEAST FAVOURITE PART WAS WHEN THEY WAS ON THE ROAD THE BOOK GOT PRETY BOARING AT THE END BECAUSE THE NOT A LOT OF PEOPLE WERE KILLED IT WAS GOOD AT THE AT
 This book was good apart from the fact that it skimmed over the surface of the storie too much , there were also too many coinsidences that happened in it .
 We bought this map thinking it would help us navigate around town -LRB- Cusco -RRB- and Machu Picchu , since it is pictured on the cover . Not so much . It seems ok for long distance stuff and maybe if you are driving on your own , not so much for walking . For our needs , it was almost worthless .
 FUN to read and some sage wisdom , but really a pitch for Tellington TTouch method of training a dog . A sweet story but shoul have been 150 pages instead of 231 , cut out all the fluff/filler . If it had concentrated on the main GREAT character , JAVA now that would have been a five star rating !
 It took a while to realize where this book was headed , but as soon as the author went to a gathering where she met her &#34; soulmate &#34; and everyone was getting into new-age talk , visualization , channeling , etc. , I knew I 'd bought the wrong book . I was uncomfortable with way the author seemed to assume that she had hit on some &#34; spiritualization &#34; we all could follow to enlightenment , if only we would adopt her thinking processes . In addition , the writing was poor , especially the way the author continuously miss-used the word &#34; I &#34; whenl grammatically , &#34; me &#34; was called for . This is a curse of today , in that so many people have decided that &#34; me &#34; is a bad word and that &#34; I &#34; is a more sophisticated and correct word . Example
 What garbage ! If you are going to have customer reviews such as the one posted above then make sure that is what they are instead of allowing biased political statements .
 This book was required for my university-level elementary japanese class . I really disliked it . I found it extremely unclear . The explanations for grammar were minimal and not nearly as extensive as they should have been for an english speaker trying to learn a language as unfamiliar as japanese . The book is n't engaging at all and actually made me lose my excitement for the language . It makes Japanese more of a struggle than it actually is . Do n't but it if you do n't have to .
 I 'm serious . I 'm a student of Japanese at University , for 2 years I used the Genki system and then when I came to Japan to study they make us use Japanese for Everyone . This book is awful in comparison . The grammer is scattered all over the place , they 've crammed so much onto the pages that they are hard to navigate when you want to go back and review something , the workbook & kanji workbook are only loosely related
 The book reviews do n't tell you , or at least do n't make it clear , so I will . I am fairly new to Japanese and know nothing of the writen language and that is what this book is for . If you can not read Japanese this book will do you no good , and I 'm not talking about the romanized version , that I can read , I 'm talking the Japanese alphabet and kanji . Other than that I can make no review , I think it should just be made clear what this book offers and it offers almost no English readable Japanese .
 The story is sweet and has a nice message . However the joy of reading it was difficult . This was a brand new book , but the quality of paper and book binding was the worst I have ever experienced . The pages immediately broke away from the binding just by opening the book gently by me -LRB- an adult -RRB- to read . My son has never even seen the book and would be frustrated to read it ... since its all just brittle pages ready to crumble and the pages are all loose and separate . I paid $ 5.95 for this paperback book NEW and feel that cost is substantial enough to provide a good paperback book .
 Book is good but the binding is falling apart . Never bought a book before where the pages fell off . Pity .
 This book , set in Paris in late December follows a hobo named Armand , who 's gruff on the outside , but reveals his inner warmth when he finds a newly homeless family living under `` his '' bridge . While this book does have many good points , this is n't a book I would recommend . The story would be very entertaining to a fifth grader but the vocabulary skills and difficulty understanding Paris or gypsies would frustrate a reader in this age group . A sixth grader , however , would more easily comprehend the vocabulary -LRB- I admit that I did n't know many of the words and had to guess at their meaning in context -- and I do n't consider my vocabulary skills poor by any means -RRB- and cultural situations but they would be bored by the simplistic story . In all , I would not recommend it not because it is a bad book , but because I think there are better choices out there .
 A Paris hobo named Armand prizes both his ragtag existence and the hardness of his heart . But he falls victim to the charms of three redheaded waifs -- newly on the streets -LRB- or in this case , under the bridge of the River Seine -RRB- whom he discovers camping out in His spot , no less ! This is more than any gentleman of the road should have to endure ! Then too , the children 's prideful , bitter mother is no prize . But with the aid of friendly gypsies and their generous cart , plus a pal who recreates Father Christmas , Armand struggles to keep the children warm , fed and sheltered . But how can he deliver the real house which he boasted about for them to live in ? This short tale of human kindness in adversity reminds jaded adults of the simple trust of children . A Good read-aloud for the elementary level .
 Armand is a hobo and hates children . One day , he arrives back under the bridge -LRB- his home -RRB- only to find kids and their mother . He becomes attached to them and gives them life experiences but can he give them there Christmas wish?I thought this book had a great meaning but it was n't that good . The book was n't an addicting story , and the story was n't well written . Also it seemed to change course throughout the story . It was a rocky book and the author did n't do a good job of keeping the story in one style . I would n't recommend this book even if it sounds intresting .
 Armand -LRB- a hobo -RRB- is trying to find a way to give three kids a home . I do not find that interesting at all . If you do , then go ahead and read it !
 Plodding , disappointing writing that lacks the character development and depth of the earlier books .
 Preachy , preachy , preachy !! Although I am not religious , I have cherished Jan Karon 's Mitford series . When I 'm feeling a bit overwhelmed with everything life entails , I tell myself that I need a little Fr . Tim . I pick up a Mitford novel and feel better . Because of my love for this series , I pre-ordered `` Light From Heaven '' in the summer . When it arrived , I sat down to devour it . A week later , I was still trying to get through this preachy , hymn and scripture laden tome . I started to skim through the novel , bypassing all the seeming attempts to convert the non-christian . I also found I really did not care about the multitude of new and uninteresting characters Karon introduced . If the series had to end , I wanted to visit with my `` Mitford family '' one last time . If you are expecting the same , you 'll be sorely disappointed.All my copies of the previous Mitford books are well-worn and dog-eared , this looks brand new , and since I do n't have any desire to read it again - it will stay that way .
 This is the way the book condition was described
 Like many of the reviewers here , I was sorely disappointed by this final visit to Mitford , first and foremost because it did n't feel like a visit to Mitford at all ! We hardly see any of our beloved characters , although they are mentioned in passing quite frequently . It seems to me that Karon got a little overexcited about her new Father Tim series and wrote the first book for that , instead of truly concluding the Mitford series . For those of us who have come to feel like residents of Mitford ourselves , there was very little closure provided for several of the major storylines that have been carried throughout the series , most notably those dealing with Dooley and his siblings . What you do get is something that feels like a marketing ploy to get us hooked on new characters and storylines with the hopes that we will hear more about them in the Father Tim novels . There are so many of us who have been devoted readers ; this was n't necessary and is , in fact , somewhat of a deterrant . A very disappointing book , overall .
 I join others who said this book left them wanting . It was quite disappointing . I had hoped with this last book , all the `` ends tied up '' would be with the characters we have known for the whole series . I could n't keep all the new people straight . I was hoping for more of Dooley as a young man . Nope . Puny has a new set of twins , and it was barely mentioned . Edith Mallory found God ? Why ? We do n't know . BIG SPOILER AHEAD !!!!!!! And after searching all over for Kenny , he just happens to show up at Fr Tim 's door !?! I just shook my head at that . It seems Ms. Karon wanted to get this book out of the way , so she could get on with the new Father Tim novels . I hope they will be like the first 5 books of the Mitford series .
 Nine may be an unlucky number for Jan Karon . The first eight Mitford novels were delightful . Somehow in writing the ninth , she forgot to put in a plot . The book jumps from vignette to vignette , some only a few sentences long . The repetition of pet words and phrases , from `` buddyroe '' to `` consider it done , '' are wearing in this book . She should have stopped at book number eight .
 I was very disappointed in this book . She seems to have gotten bored with her characters . I have loved all the previous books , but it seems like someone forced her to write this one . Very disappointing . Very disjointed .
 Jan Karon 's writings are among the best I 've read - that 's why this last book I found disappointing - very slow and I could n't identify/relate to Agnes or with Father Tim 's relationship with her . Maybe the author was trying to replace or reinvent Miss Sadie .
 I had so looked forward to this book and did n't wait for the paperback or take it out of the library . I should have . Why introduce new characters to the end of a series ? I found the book confusing and it did n't hold my interest at all . It was just so very disappointing after the first books in the series were so very good . I hope that the Father Tim stories coming in 2007 are much better .
 Like the other reviewers who were disappointed in this final Mitford book , I was looking for a final visit with the Mitford characters we have come to know and love . Introducing a whole new list of characters was not appropriate for this final book of the series . I found it hard to keep my interest engaged .
 The first few books of the Mitford series were wonderful , but the last two have been such disappointments . I love the Mitford story line , but Light from Heaven was so dis-jointed , it felt like JK got tired of writing and just haphazardly jotted down some disconnected thoughts . I really expected more - a gread deal more - from an author who clearly can touch the hearts of her readers , but really missed the mark this time .
 This last book in the series was so boring and dull I could cry because I had looked forward with such anticipation to it . I think Ms. Karon was bored with this series and it showed . It appeared this book was just an obligation to her contract .
 I have loved the Mitford series and read all the books over and over . It 's really sad to see the series end with such a whimper . The book is so boring , I had to force myself to keep reading . The only reason to keep reading is to see how long running story lines are resolved . Disappointingly , they really are n't . The most annoying thing about this book is the introduction of at least twenty new characters with many and varied problems . Since we know this is the last book , it 's really difficult to make yourself care about these people . Puny , Percy , Lace , Harley , Emma and other old favorites barely appear in this book.As the series has evolved , Ms. Karon has increasingly used prayers to fill the pages . She 's outdone herself in that regard in this book . You can hardly read a page without getting a prayer . It really slows down the story telling . Not appreciated by this reader who read the series for the stories and not the religion.I 'll always love Mitford but ca n't recommend this book .
 For someone who is reading the whole series at one time , this book might be great . But when I read this book , it had been over two years since I 'd read the one before it , and I could not even finish it . I tried to stick with it , but I eventually put it down and could not pick it up again . Is this not the conclusion to the MITFORD series ? So why ca n't a poor reader read about MITFORD instead about a bunch of characters we know nothing about , who we wo n't get to know very well seeing as this is the last book . I am a big fan of the whole series , but this book was simply painful .
 I was very disappointed in this final book in the Mitford series and believe that the author owes us another one that truly does what it says this one will do -- answer the questions readers have and tie up the loose ends . Jan Karon 's readers have been loyal and made her famous . I feel cheated that she wrote such a hurried ending to her series . Some others are upset that she peopled this book with new characters . I think her writing of the new characters was up to her usual outstanding ability . I liked her new characters . But as for Mitford characters -- she seemed bored and tired of Mitford and just wanted to get it over with . In the process , she left us wondering about many in Mitford , has Gene Bolick dying throughout without ever having Fr . Tim speak with Gene or Esther , gives us little glimpses of Sammy and leaves us longing to know more about Kenny . This is the first time I 've ever written a review , but I felt compelled to do so because both my daughter and I were so deeply disappointed . I think Jan Karon misjudged the keen interest her readers had in knowing what happened to their `` extended family '' .
 I , too , have read all the books in the series , and this one was a big disappointment . I decided to come here to read the other reviews to see if I was missing something . I still do n't get it . Do n't care about the new characters . Do enjoy Tim and his wife - especially finding each other so `` late '' in life . But generally , the book was a disappointment . I do n't think I `` got '' the last chapter.One more thing - does it bug anyone else that Jan Karon 's favorite word seems to be `` thumped '' as in , he `` thumped '' onto the chair . I found myself cringing each time I read that . She also used it constantly in previous books.If you have the whole series , buy it , but otherwise , do n't bother . Does n't live up to expectations .
 Like others , I had to force myself to read this book to the end as it was about characters I did n't really care about . The constant use of hymns , prayers and poetry was boring and perhaps a way to stretch the book to fufill a publishing contract . It would have been far better to address readers ' questions about Dooley , Kenny and Lace in the previous book and ended the series at that point . This was a hugely disappointing book as the characters loved in Mitford made essentially brief and shallow appearances . Jan Karon herself appears to have been bored with Mitford and this lazy effort cheats the loyal reader of a satisfying end to the series . I will not be reading the Father Tim novels and believe Jan Karon 's reputation is lessened by her milking the series this way . Do n't waste your money . Check this one out of the library .
 The author herself describes this book 's characters far better than I could , on p. 39
 I was so disappointed . Too many characters , big print , no resolution , just ... disappointing . Good thing she is on to another series , but this one deserved better .
 If this book was all the author had to offer faithful readers as a finale for the Mitford stories , she should have left us wondering . Poorly written , with confusing and unfinished storylines , this book was a great disappointment . After all the build up about telling Dooley about his inheritance , one page with nothing to offer ended the suspense . If you have enjoyed this series , I suggest you imagine your own endings and take a pass on the book .
 I agree with all of the reviewers who were disappointed in this book . What I had hoped for was a final visit to Mitford with stories about all my favorite characters and a nice tying up of loose ends . Instead we are introduced to a myriad of new characters who are n't very interesting especially as this is the final book in the series and their stories will go no further . What was Ms. Karon thinking ? I wanted so much for the final book in the Mitford series to be about Mitford ! Definitely wait and get this book from the library - its not worth adding to your Mitford collection .
 ... too much of a good thing . As much as I loved each of the Mitford books , and as much as I wanted to love this one , I just could n't . I think maybe Jan Karon overreached . Instead of sticking to Mitford as one might expect in the series closer , Father Tim and Cynthia go off to a new/old church that happens to be just close enough to Mitford for the old characters we 've grown so familiar with to pop up regularly . She introduced a score of new characters to go with the new church , and it all became too much to keep straight and , quite frankly , too much to swallow . Too many country-isms , too many perfect endings , too many ... you name it . It was just overstuffed . And for all that , there were too many things left unfinished ! What happened to Miss Rose , for instance ? Did Father Tim and Cynthia make it to Ireland ? Did Dooley and Lace marry?I would much rather have ended in Mitford .
 Like everyone else , I am very disappointed with the last book ... Way too many characters , poorly developed plot lines , what happens to Ms. Rose ? What happens to Esther Bolick ? Kenny just shows up on the doorstep miraculously ??? What a cop out of a novel , I 'm sorry ! Fthr . Tim and Cynthia could not be any more nauseating , I loved them so much more when they had a fight or two ! One thing I need to say , is that Karon did write a very fabulous series with very lovable characters . I wonder if she was on a deadline and was forced to send it in to the publishers ? I just ca n't understand what happened .
 I have been a real fan of Jan Karon and Father Tim , even reading both Father Tim novels , although this is not the place to review them.Mitford is a comforting place to visit , and I have been forced to be immobile , so I re-read the Mitford books for escape.I remembered Light from Heaven as being Light-weight and disappointing , and upon reading it again suffered the same disappointment . It was not really a Mitford book - although some of the people from the earlier books were mentioned but not really part of the story.Just too many neat coincidences . I agree with some of the earlier reviewers that it seemed like the author just strung together some episodes and then just gave up . Sigh!Ps
 I 've been a big fan of this series all along , although admittedly less so after the first few . I was looking forward to this one because my mom told me there would be a deaf character -LRB- I 'm an interpreter -RRB- . There was , but ... even that did n't hold my interest . Clarence lived a solitary life in the woods with his mother , never marrying or having any interaction with anyone outside his family who could speak more than a few words of his language , and none of this is ever addressed . I guess we were meant to feel all teary-eyed because the congregation was learning one sign per week . Yeah , that 'll make for some satisfying conversation.I do n't know if all the books have been this way and I did n't notice or if the device has been overused , but the way the story jumped around , never fully allowing me to feel that I 'd experienced the full impact of a scene before racing off to something else , left me perplexed . Early on , this technique made the pages turn and kept me interested in the story but by the time I reached this book , it all just seemed lazy and haphazard.I have a religious background but have never cared for Christian literature . I was surprised that I liked the earlier Mitford books as much as I did , but it was probably because they were n't all that preachy and yet they were very sweet and brought home points without making the reader feel that an anvil was being dropped on her head . This book was plain insufferable . Every character either had to become a Christian or , if that was not to be , at the very least , provide an opportunity for Father Tim to preach a mini sermon for them -LRB- so we know they 'll become a Christian later -RRB- . I was n't a fan of the constant praying . It irked me more than anything else -- and I 'm a Christian ! The only reason I finished the book -LRB- and yes , it was extremely dull -RRB- was because 1 -RRB- my mom gave it to me and 2 -RRB- I wanted to find out what Dooley was going to do with his fortune . Well , I 'll be able to tell Mom I finished it , but what happened with Dooley ? This book fell flat on almost every level.I can sum up the plot
 This book was a real disappointment . It just quits and does not tie up the story . The reader is left hanging . I was reading it on the airplane and thought that I had misplaced my bookmark and missed the completion of the story , but no I had n't - it is n't completed . I felt the author just became tired of writing the book and quit . The previous book was also not as well written as the others and I wo n't buy another by this author .
 I waited until the book came out in paperback to finish my collection for my bookshelf and purchased the Bedside Companion at the same time . I have been a Mitford Missionary since I read the first book . Clean , charming , engrossing , enlightening , encouraging , blessing were the adjectives I used . I was grossly disappointed in the last book , like so many others . It seemed as though the characters we all knew and loved were an afterthought . Having read the Bedside Companion , it seems that Ms. Karon felt the need to defend this sad finale by telling us that without it , we never would have met Agnes , Clarence , blah , blah , blah . Did anyone really CARE to meet these people ? Did anyone even care about them much AFTER you 'd met them ? I certainly did n't , based on how many of their names I actually remembered . It all seemed so aimless and rambling . How many pages can it possibly take to tell Father Tim you 'd had a child out of wedlock ? The language even seemed either stilted or so over-the-top colloquial that it was difficult to digest at times . All the other books were something to look forward to in the evening . This one was a relief to put down .
 So disappointing ! Karon ends a wonderful series with a book introducing about a hundreds new characters and spends little or no time on the characters I have come to love . The resolution of many story lines that spanned several -LRB- if not all -RRB- the books were flat and felt like an after thought - like the obligitory endings were only included so that readers could n't claim we were let down . Well it did n't work . I feel very let down by this conclusion to what was an amazing series .
 The poltergiest
 Ok - I actually threw this book away after 3 weeks - I just did not like it ! It was set up to track her caloric guidelines and her eating program - which may I add - SHE DID FOR 3 WEEKS BEFORE WRITING THIS BOOK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! This book was not written by someone who lost weight using this system and kept it off for ages - she used this system for 3 WEEKS before writing this book!Not that I bought it to follow her program - I use Weight Watchers , and I wanted to use it to track my food and exercise ... Well - I found the room to write under the food layout to be very small - then there was no space to log your cardio work or weight for stregnth workouts ... Now - there is a blank page opposite every daily page - but the lines are so small that you have to use a few for each real sentence ! AND - It has 6 months worth of pages - when I ordered it to begin with , I thought , Oh - this is great ! -LRB- my last one only lasted 3 months -RRB- Little did I realize that this thing would be HUGE ! It weighs almost 5 pounds - which is fine if you are going to keep it at home the whole time , but I like to take my journal to and from work with me ... Overall , I consider this journal to be a complete waste of -LSB- price -RSB- .
 In short
 Pararescue has all the elements of a great true-life rescue adventure
 Book was advertised to help with any type of writing . It is not . It is only useful for improving the writing of articles , ie . newspaper , mag . etc. .
 The characters were n't one-dimensional . They were less than that - maybe 1/2 dimensional . For what the plot lacked in focus , it made up in predictability . The dialogue does n't ring true . I suspect strongly that the author was drunk when he wrote it . To call Jack Higgins a hack is an insult to hard-working hacks everywhere
 It is true that Jack Higgins write adventures and that Sean Dillon is one of the contradicting heroes ever created . In a book series with the same hero , Higgins falls into a trap he should not have to . But let 's start in the opposite way . The book is good , but not as good as Higgins himself . It is an adventure of the Bond likes , with agen - cies , conspiracies , international terrorism and very much updated -LRB- the IRA peace thing -RRB- , that flows well enough , speeding at times , with a straightforward plot that is not striving for complexity , nor to great mysteries . Yes , the rhythm is good , but the story passes as the expected and the action or pre action justifications are too simple , while the heroes pass through it in an easy or non-sweat manner . Enough super hero like - ness is attributed and the psychology behind any action is of non-existence or minimal . The chara - cters themselves are fairly focused , even if they are recurring or firstly introduced . What is left though is an almost picturous like speech , that is straightforward and to the point , narrating bigger pictures in fewer words and being very good to that . With three interesting twists and a sweat and sour taste at the end , the attention of the reader is kept and the book has the ability to be read fast although the reader is not so much keen to explore the next chapter for seeing `` what 's going to happen '' . Knowing the potentials of Hig - gins , I would n't mind he wrote less books , but I mind that he writes a lot that are fair or medium . Even if he wants to present a Bond like hero , or if he had met us with him -LRB- or them -RRB- previously , he should have bothered for more psychology -LRB- like Kellerman does -RRB- , more originality in story -LRB- like Flemming , or Ludlum , or Savarin - same hero trilo - gies -RRB- and more real adventure -LRB- like Morell , Clancy , Wilbur Smith , a.o -RRB- . That 's the trap he fells into
 Introduction
 Higgins in his prime was a master of plot , character and dialogue . Drink With the Devil is a perfect example of formula rubbish , typical of his later books . Actually , the book might indeed be the work of a writing team , ala Jack London
 No thrill in this thriller , I was surprised to see other `` good '' reviews . I basically felt it was boring without any `` bang '' at the end .
 Maybe if this book was wriiten by another author it would have been acceptable , but it certainly is n't up to Jakc Higgin 's usual standards . The story seems to drag on with character 's plucked straight out of his last book . It almost seems as though this book was written simply to fill the hands of his readers until he could come up with something good .
 Higgins does n't break a sweat with this one . If you have read Higgins ' other books with Sean Dillon as the protagonist there 's is no need to read this one . Same story elements , same set piece action scenes and so on . Maybe I have read one too many of his books but they are all very much blending together now . Even the name of the book is unoriginal , note his earlier `` Touch the Devil . '' Harmless enough few hours of reading but not much is new .
 I read the first book in the trilogy and picked up A Place Called Sweet Shrub just because the author had killed off so many characters in the first and left much unanswered that I naively thought resolution would come in the sequel . I was wrong . Lucinda had so much going for her in the West Texas hardened by encounters with Christobel and Mrs. Sully that I thought her character would continue to grow . Instead , the book was a grandiose setup for the time displaced rehash of a race riot . The ribald humor was misplaced and characters are killed off haphazardly . I knew not to expect plot resolution , but some motivation would have been appreciated .
 This is , indeed , a wonderful novel . But this reprint does NOT contain the entire novel . It only contains part one , `` Children of the Ghetto '' and does NOT contain part two , `` Grandchildren of the Ghetto . '' These are two halves of one text , so do n't be misled by the product review -LRB- which is a review of a different edition -RRB- into thinking that this particular book actually contains both halves .
 I bought this title along with several others in earnest , seeking to better my relationship with my cat , & then honestly could not wait to finish the book ... There was a small handful of nuggets of helpful information , mostly concerning a cats ' body language & basic needs , that was useful . The most important concept I came away with is the advice to speak to your cat intelligently , & to treat him as a sentient being who bears personhood & with respect . I agree with the author that this is crucial . Even if your cat does not fully pick up on all of your complex human vocabulary , as Ms. Moyes elaborately fantasizes that hers do - your cat * will * pick up on your intent , the tone of your feelings towards him , & the spirit in which you speak to him . Her method of developing a call signal to find a lost cat is also of practical value . If you come away with these points , you 've got the basics.That said ... This author 's narcissistic `` snitty british '' arrogant writing tone propelled by almost purely emotional reasoning drove me up a wall ... . The author struck me as overly self-involved & almost completely lost in her own personal fantasies about what is going on with her cats to the point of living in a dream world , made for one . After page 20 this slowly became nauseating , & a stifling urge to scream settled in & stayed.In this book , the author haughtily purports herself to be everyone 's Conscience concerning their pet . She makes striking statements that anyone who would ever opt to declaw a cat - or to solely house them indoors - is better off not having one at all . Apparently , this individual would rather see stray animals piled up dead on the floors of kill shelters , than to be adopted to live by apartment pet regulations concerning declawing , or kept safely indoors . My thought was , `` How dare you ... '' The author needs to reach beyond a myopic , single-minded love of Siamese cats & an upper class lifestyle to develop some concept of how many hundreds of thousands of cats are left unclaimed & unadopted to die in shelters every single day , claws intact . This is reality.But then ... she imagines that in spite of the plethora of feline breeds & mixes available , every person would * only * want to keep a Siamese cat , if they only knew their nature , as a matter of course . After reading her descriptions of her cats ' behavior , I 've never been more glad to have a DSH in my care . However , if you do keep a Siamese - get the book . It may help you realize you 're not alone in your Siamese 's unique antics . Most of the information here pertains only to them & does not generalize out well at all to other breeds . I could not relate at least 60 % of the content to my own cat 's personality , habits , feelings , & behavior . Or any other cat I 've known , for that matter . Or , if you are interested in a purely anecdotal personal `` case study '' account of one person 's experience of Siamese behavior - you may find this book 's giddy ramblings entertaining . Be prepared to wade through mounds of ego & narrow subjectivity to get to the informational content you seek.However - if you are looking for a truly resourceful book on how to communicate with your cat ... look elsewhere . Do n't let one woman 's endless egocentric carrying on bend your mind concerning your cat . Some far better suggestions for books on this topic would be : * `` The Language of Animals
 If you have a Siamese cat , this might be interesting , but only one chapter applies to the title claim of `` how to talk to your cat , '' and I suspect Siamese must speak a different language than other cats . This was written in 1978 and sounds old-fashioned in the style of writing .
 The book itself is typically entertaining except for a horrendous glitch with the recording meaning that the last CD repeats the first few tracks ad nauseum and the book never ends . ARRRRGH . Basically it should be withdrawn from sale and rectified . Do n't buy it !!!
 There were funny parts in this story , but they were few and far between , and the plot was intersting on those few occasions when it actually made any sense . The plot is very confusing and takes more than one read-through to understand , but I found the book too boring to re-read , so while reading the book my thoughts were , `` When am I going to get to another funny part ? '' and upon finishing it , `` Oh . Okay . '' To summarize , the plot is too convoluted and boring to be a good mystery , and not funny enough to be good humor .
 If a book is defined as merely a bound set of pages with words upon them , then this garbage could be considered a book . By any other definition , this is merely a rectangle . A worthless , pointless , patently unfunny , string of sentences that have little to do with story telling and nothing to do with entertainment.Two whole pages on which bath salts to use ? Long descriptions on how the light skitters across a room ? Ten pages about how horrible Dirk 's refrigerator is ? Most pages are filled with pointless words about some random item that has no purpose toward the almost non-existent storyline.Calling the characters two dimensional would be a stretch . They have no dimensions . They do n't even resemble human beings . A pizza obsessed New Yorker ? A teenager who punches anyone who turns off the TV ? A horribly bad PI with no money and no client who falls into a series of random events that happen to be connected then solves it by practically tripping over the conclusion ? That 's not a plot , it 's nonsense.It shocks me that there are any , let alone mostly , 4 & 5 star ratings for this book . If you 're over the age of 14 and have an IQ larger than your shoe size , you should stay far away from this rectangle and go read a book .
 Two things must be said : -LRB- 1 -RRB- Douglas Adams should n't write sequels . `` The Hitch-Hiker 's Guide to the Galaxy '' and `` The Resteraunt at the End of the Universe '' are equal in quality because they really comprise one book ; later books in the series , the true sequels , rapidly go downhill . `` Dirk Gently 's Holistic Detective Agency '' was genuinely fresh and funny ; the first sequel has gone downhill already . The book is NOT about Dirk Gently 's holistic detective agency . At any rate , it ought n't be . Strange things happen but no holistic explanation is to be found . Try Dirk Gently 's Ad Hoc Detective Agency instead . -LRB- PS
 Douglas Adams ' reading of The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul is truly engaging . The problem with this audio book is two-fold :1 . None of the tracks has any text-encoding . This means that devices that read this information can not use or display the CD names or track names . So , an iTunes wo n't read any CD names or track names , nor will any CD player that can show CD names or track names .2 . CD # 6 of the set repeats the same scene over and over , without ever reaching the ending.New Millenium Audio destroyed a perfectly enjoyable performance with its poor mastering of the CD .
 As a long-time Douglas Adams fanatic -LRB- read all 5 of the trilogy , at least a dozen time , even wrote down every noun in all 5 for a database , -RRB- I read both Last Chance to See and DGHDA and loved them . Then I read this sequel and had to admit that it was likely the worst book I 'd ever encountered . I did n't laugh once and literally had to force myself through it with several lapses between readings . Odin and Thor bored me senseless . I can now understand why there 's been no third addition to the series . Time wasted on this could have been much better spent working on yet another HHG novel .
 I am very disappointed with my purchase . The last CD was defective in manufacture and never should have been sold . I am looking into filing a complaint with Amazon contesting the purchase .
 After the appalling `` Dirk Gentlys Holistic Detective Agency '' , -LRB- mostly recycled from an unfinished Dr. Who script Adams wrote -RRB- , we have the Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul . Possibly the worst novel Adams has written , -LRB- although the last two HitchHikers books are pretty bad -RRB- , it has no redeemming features whatsoever . Duff , duff , duff .
 Sixty-four out of the 66 reviews currently up talk about THE BOOK . The product listed is THE AUDIO CD of the book . I ordered the CD set for Christmas , and it was good - up until the final , 6th CD . There , one section repeats over and over , over all 18 tracks . It 's the part of Chapter 26 where Thor and Kate meet Tsuliwaensis . Each track is not identical , but the part of the book that is read , is . Needless to say , you never get to the thrilling conclusion of the book.Amazon quickly replaced the CD set -LRB- thank you ! -RRB- , but the replacement set has THE IDENTICAL PROBLEM . -LRB- I apologize for appearing to shout here . -RRB- Has anyone reviewing this product actually listened to the CD from beginning to end ? Are they all this way , or have I gotten two clinkers in a row?Thank you .
 It pains me to write it , but this book was bad . I thoroughly enjoy most of Douglas Adams ' work especially the Hitchhiker 's series . Unfortunately , he missed the mark with this book . I personally believe Adams wanted this book to be very funny , ala , the Hitchhiker books -LRB- others disagree -RRB- , since it was
 I love Douglas Adams , and I love to hear his recordings of his books.I like The Long Dark Tea Time of the Soul well enough to have worn out my audio tapes.I bought the CD version , but disk 6 is a messed up recording . It starts repeating parts and pieces of the same chapter over and over and never gets to the end of the book . The end of the story is not included on the last disk . I am not the only one to have found it so . You will be left hanging .
 This is a great book by Douglas Adam 's - a work of certifiable genius . My one star review is not for the book itself - which is excellent - but for the poor release of this CD set . Read on for an explanation ... Beware when ordering this 6-CD edition by New Millenium Audio . There is a problem with CD 6 - something went wrong with the mastering process and some of the passages are repeated 2 or 3 times -LRB- the bit where Thor & Kate meet the old lady in a shack -RRB- - which means that you end up missing the last couple of chapters of the original book!This is a terrible mistake by the publisher and ruins the ending , because the whole of it is missing thanks to an error which should have been spotted.I have 2 copies of this set , and they both have the same mastering problem , which leads me to assume that it is not an isolated case.Buyer beware!Hopefully , a new version will appear eventually which sorts this out .
 Douglas Adams ' reading of The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul is truly engaging . The problem with this audio book is two-fold :1 . None of the tracks has any text-encoding . This means that devices that read this information can not use or display the CD names or track names . So , an iTunes wo n't read any CD or track names . Nor will any CD player that can show track names .2 . CD # 6 of the set repeats the same scene over and over , without ever reaching the ending.New Millenium Audio destroyed a perfectly enjoyable performance with its poor mastering of the CD .
 I am absolutely appalled and saddened to see a book with this title.I 've been lost in the ` Alzheimer ' labyrinth for the past decade.I have no need for a condescending book of this ilk.The title alone makes me want to vomit.Shame on the authors and anyone associated with it.Alzheimer 's Disease is too complex a disease for a ` Dummies ' manual.This deeply disturbs me . ~ m
 This book may have excellent and easy-to-understand contents about Alzheimer 's . However , the title is somewhat belittling and insensitive to the patient and to the family . Yes , having worked with Alzheimer patients and families , I would say so . I would NOT recommend this book to them . Perhaps to the general public is okay ... but then , should they not also go to Alzheimer 's Association -LRB- www.alz.org -RRB- and their local chapters throughout the country for general information and resources ??
 I did not like this book . It seemed like something a high school student would have written . Several other reviewers mentioned that they like the characters . I found them boring . I much prefer the characters in Elizabeth Peters series of Amelia Peabody mysteries about Egypt , or the Rumpole series by John Mortimer .
 The third book -LRB- chronologically -RRB- in the Leatherstocking series was , like ` The Deerslayer , ' written late in Cooper 's career . Timewise , ` The Pathfinder ' appears to take place only a few years after ` The Last of the Mohicans , ' although Cooper 's overt chronology does n't quite add up.Although ` The Pathfinder ' has a promising premise , Cooper 's plotting is seriously off-track . After rescuing this novel 's ` heroine ' -LRB- Mabel -RRB- from the Mingos , Chingachgook vanishes and Natty is stuck playing a rather awkward suitor to Mabel . In fact , one can hardly call ` The Pathfinder ' a frontier adventure at all . It verges on a romance novel , which instantly makes it much less interesting than the other Leatherstocking Tales.The book is also hurt by slow pacing . Cooper always takes his sweet ` ole time spinning a yarn , but ` The Pathfinder ' is a painfully slow read . Not much happens , and what does happen is pretty irrelevant to the plot . For example , the long sequence where the ` Scud ' sails around Lake Ontario contributes nothing to the story . Even worse , I always knew exactly where the story was going dozens of pages before Cooper got there . One hundred pages could easily have been chopped from this book without losing a thing.Even when the action finally picks up late in the book , Natty and Chingachgook do next to nothing . Instead , the heroism is handled by the underdrawn character of Jasper Western . It does n't help that Cooper sets up the final battle by having Mabel 's father leave her alone in a fort with an unscupulous suitor and practically no soldiers for protections . It 's so unbelieveable that the rest of the novel seems forced.Least palatable is Cooper 's unfortunate weakness for melodrama . Sometimes his plots are strong enough to render this only an annoying flaw , but the plot of ` The Patherfinder ' is too thin to manage this . Cooper really lays on some dreadful schlock.As a result , ` The Pathfinder ' is without question the weakest of the Leatherstocking Tales , and is definitely NOT the place to start . In fact , I 'm hard pressed to come up with anything the novel contributes to the series . As a result , it should be read last -LRB- if at all -RRB- unless you are determined to read all five books .
 This book was as boring as clipping my dog 's toenails . It has no invention , no creativity , and it 's crass stupidities are passed on as `` the delicate art of the forest . '' Delicate art of the forest my Aunt Fanny ! The book 's style is set forth in an implausible way . For example , when the males are all shooting at a stupid tree-more specifically , a nail head in the tree-Cooper sets the nail about a 100 yards away ! And yet everyone seems to see this nail and shoot at it . That 's about the size of a house fly . Now this pathfinder-natty bumpo-deerslayer person is able to shoot at a hundred yards and hit the thing dead on ! This man is able to see a housefly at a hundred hards and confidently say that he did so . Can YOU do it?The style of the writer is tremedously tedious . It seems to add things not needed and omit things that are necessary.I would recommend this book to those who do not value time .
 this book goes on and on and its very lon
 I found this book as disappointing as The Prayer of Jabez book . I also felt I was re-reading sections from her husband 's book in her book ; his words were just changed around a bit . There was nothing new nor were any original ideas presented in the book.She makes reference on why God loves to answer such a prayer as the Jabez prayer . Does that mean that God does not answer other kinds of prayers , and only chooses `` prayers such as ... ? '' I think not . She talks of women being very fearful and giving up on miracles in their lives . Well , thoughts have energy and if one constantly thinks fearful thoughts , then fear shows up in our lives . If one does not believe in miracles happening , then they wo n't . Ernest Holmes , in his ministry , stated , `` Change your thoughts , change your life . '' Jesus was able to do what he did , not only because of his faith , but also because of the power of his thoughts . Faith is a huge concept.The feeling I get after reading this book is that if one says this prayer then the miracles unfold . If one does n't believe , or is skeptical , or has negative thoughts , their lives will not change . The author also talks about supporting one 's husband . How about the husband supporting his wife 's career ? It works both ways and spousal support is not just `` one '' way . Have I stepped back into the 50 's here ? Satan is also mentioned in her book , which , in my review of the Prayer of Jabez , is getting old . We have free will , which God has given us . Our choices need to be held accountable by the person who made them and not blamed on someone else.She also makes reference that we have to realize that Jesus died for payment our sins and once we accept that we are saved . I think not . God 's Spirit is with us always and if one does or does not accept the above statement , it does not mean that God will not bless us . We are God 's expression on earth . We are already whole and complete and we are loved always . I am really tired of reading `` Christian '' books where the guilt it constantly laid on . This book also does not talk about a forgiving and loving God , which is very disappointing.She also talks ad nauseum on fear , on women 's fears . Sure we all have fears , but again we either give into them or change them . It makes me wonder that as a minister 's wife , she is so filled with fear , where is her supportative husband ? Does she feel that insecure ? Has her husband not helped to boost her self-confidence or has she been put down and made to feel insecure . Makes one wonder.This book was just as bad as the original , if not worse . Another disappointment .
 It 's widely reported that the religious right makes up a little less than 40 % of the Republican party ... not exactly a controlling majority . To imply that they are driving all policy towards a theocracy is intellectually dishonest , but works as a great scare tactic.Please , look at some of the sources used in the research . To say that they lack credibility would be an understatement -LRB- Air America , etc ? -RRB- . But , books that are preaching to the choir are a dime-a-dozen these days . The author has his select audience and he 's trying to give him what they want to hear and shaping the research to support his conclusions . There 's nothing wrong with that , it sells books , just do n't expect many of the arguments to hold water .
 There are many fine reviews about this book . I recommend reading several to get a balanced opinion . Having recently read this book , I have a few more observations to add : Author Kevin Phillips , described as a former Republican strategist -LRB- for Nixon , of all political luminaries ! -RRB- , offers another poorly researched tome that predicts America is destined for collapse because of three primary factors
 By using a narrow view of historical religious expansionism , Phillips almost acts as an apologist for the religious right . It would be better if it had been written from a non-biased political view point .
 Whenever the Bush said the word God liberals freaked and said that the GOP was turning the country into a theocracy . But now that Obama is President God is back , and he is using God to sell his programs in the name of social justice . Obama refers to God and Jesus more than Bush did . Obama has declared that we can have the kingdom of God here on earth . But if the GOP said something like that it would have echoed from hear to tibet , when Obama says stuff like that they are suspiciously silent .
 I found the book to simply be a bunch of rehashed Leftist Fear and Loathing regarding the Moral Majority -LRB- which does n't even exist anymore -RRB- left over from the Reagan Administration . Whenever people like the Author need a strawman to knock down or an object to ridicule out they trot Jerry Falwell and Pat Robertson who are looked at as buffoons even by members of the so called religious right.Most of the book seems lifted directly from the web pages of Left Wing Blogs . There is not a single new idea about Bush nor the religious right as far as I can see that has n't already appeared on `` The Daily Show '' . Phillips would have done better had he concentrated on the New Energy Crisis and how a temporary glut of oil in the 90 's lead politicians in both parties to relax energy savings standards that had been in place since the 70 's on the false assumption that Happy Days are Here Again Forever .
 First of all , I have read the book . I try -LRB- paraphrasing another reviewer -RRB- to `` keep tabs '' on books that single out conservative Christians and attempt to smear them in the public square . It is interesting to me that the fans of this book take Phillips ' arguments much further than Phillips actually does.It seems that anyone who does n't love this book is a `` radical , right wing , illiterate , rabid , toxic , hateful , narrow-minded , lying , ambitious , proselytizing , power-mad zealot '' with tendencies that are scarily reminiscent of Hitler , Hussein , and the Islamist terrorist militants.My goodness , how the voices of `` tolerance '' and `` reason '' screech to drown out the voices of dissent . And how intensely bigoted these voices are ; who then , has more reason to fear ? If anyone is in danger of having their rights stripped , it would seem to be the conservative Christian minority in America.Reading this book , I found myself agreeing with some of Phillips ' points concerning our voracious appetites for oil and our inconsistencies in Mid-Eastern politics . I also strongly agree with him on our out-of-control spending as a nation . I will say , it is disingenuous to ascribe these behaviors to just one political party . There is plenty of blame for Republicans and Democrats alike.However , it is extremely unfortunate that Phillips chose to attack America 's Christians , who are not , it should be noted , out rioting in the street whenever they are mocked or their faith is slandered . They are not chopping off the heads of their detractors or sentencing Muslim converts to death . They are not imposing `` Sharia '' law nor are they blowing up rival houses of worship.A little balance and perspective would have helped , in both Phillips ' book , and in some of the more vitriolic reviews posted here . Attention forces of `` tolerance ''
 The author gets right to the point in the beginning and shows his bias . His entire attack on America 's alleged theocracy is based on the usual mistakes of simpletons who do n't bother to do solid in depth research . Here are examples of his mistakes :1 -RRB- He takes Bush at his word when he claims to be a Christian or hearing from God . Lying is the oldest trick in the book , how can the author be so gullible ? 2 -RRB- He lumps Christianity and all religions together , as if there are n't much differences between them , and lumps all Christians together as if they all believe the same things as well .3 -RRB- He blames the sins for one person on everyone else , for example if George Bush , claiming to be a Christian , says God told him to blow up Iraq , that therefore it 's the fault of all Christians and the Bible.Ironically , he preaches against terrorism using the above reasons , yet his above reasons are the same type that terrorists use , right ? For example how many Muslims think all Christians are bad because of the crusades , which the Catholic denomination engaged ? At the very least THE EXTREMISTS . So what does that make the author ? Guess.Besides showing how he lumps all Christians together as being evil , he , on page viii , shows his historical ignorance
 It is a very sad fact that those on the political Left WANT to believe this kind of drivel . They want to believe the only reason for the war in Iraq was oil . They want to believe the head of Chevron can ring up George W. Bush and give him instructions . They want to believe the GOP is little more than a Christian Theocratic Party.Those on the extreme Right are just as bad . They want to believe that Hillary Clinton is evil , planning to dispense with all private property and that the Democrats are little more than Marxist-Leninists who wo n't admit it and will close all Churches and deny their children the right to pray . Some of them even believe the UN will soon be sending troops door-to-door to collect their guns.Worse still is that the Cable News and Broadcast News agencies want ALL of us to believe this is the way the world is today.Just ai n't so , children.Most of the oil companies OPPOSED , not supported , the war in Iraq , fearing it would screw up supplies and cost them a fortune . The massive ENRON debacle began during the CLINTON administration -LRB- it just did n't surface until Bush -RRB- and BOTH parties have some blame to be left on their doorstop.The world can not be saved by mass transit , there is no secret solar panel design that has been hidden by the oil companies and the 300mpg carburetor is about as real as the Easter Bunny.GET A GRIP , people . George W. Bush is n't some evil man who wants to see you in chains . He may well be limited in his view of the world , but SO IS EVERYONE . The average poor person in America is as unlikely to know about the problems -LRB- and there are many -RRB- of wealth as the average rich person knows about being cold and starving on the streets.Kevin Phillips has been writing this same sort of crap for years . He has no evidence in solid fact to prove it , but legions will believe it because they WANT to believe it . Their black-and-white world would be really difficult to understand if we put it in Technicolor for them .
 Kevin Phillips makes some good points -- over and over and over again . Big Oil has a dangerous degree of influence over the US and its policies . The Republican Party is in the sway of the religious right and the fundamentalists . There is a corresponding degree of clout in the southern states -- reversing the reults of the Civil War . We have too much debt , in government , in families , in American businesses . All of this makes the future scary and could lead to the downfall of American preeminence , influence , etc. . It happened before with Spain , the Netherlands and Great Britain . Dynastic leadership is bad for America . -LRB- OK , that was Phillips ' last book , but he continues the drumbeat . -RRB- That 's it , for this very pessimistic and depressing book . To me it seemed to be a literary fillibuster . Lots of data . Lots of redundency . There may be enough insight here to justify a couple of extended magazine articles . But a book ? No way .
 I read this book because it was recommended to me by a friend as persuasive that theocracy threatened America . The book is actually about three things
 If a person spends ninety-five percent of her time doing network engineering and five percent of her time praying in or attending a -LRB- Christian -RRB- church , should we label her a network engineer or a Christian ? And what if she adamantly professes to follow the Christian faith in spite of her behavior to the contrary ? Should we even then describe her as a Christian ? And what if she decides to run for public office or vote for a political candidate who also professes to be a Christian but does not appear to follow its doctrines at all ? Why should anyone be concerned with her behavior or beliefs , or those political candidates she supports ? Why are her statements of belief of any concern , given that she does not really practice them anyway ? She spends most of her time doing network engineering , and doing it well . The profession of network engineering requires activities and thought patterns that are far removed from what the practice of Christianity requires . Why then should we let Christian beliefs be her defining characteristic?If we now examine the people who profess to believe in Armageddon , the rapture , or one of the other bizarre beliefs attributed to Biblical Christianity , should we in any way be concerned of their keen interest in politics and in their support of candidates who profess to believe in the same things they do ? These individuals certainly have jobs or professions that requires them to behave or think in ways that are in no way supported by Biblical Christianity . What then is the fuss about?Well , one should only be concerned if they resort to the use of physical force to bring about certain world events that they believe will happen in the `` last days '' predicted in the Bible . Otherwise , their beliefs are completely benign and have no influence . As long as they use persuasion as their tool to gain converts or to `` encourage '' the `` last days '' , there is no cause for alarm . Again , they are spending most of their time being productive citizens and working in professions that are socially beneficial . One could view their Christian beliefs as purely ancillary , as purely peripheral to who they really are.The author of this book clearly thinks otherwise , and he has written a book that raises extreme alarms about the participation of `` Christians '' in politics . To substantiate his fears , he discusses some historical events that he believes are analogous to those today . There is no doubt when looking at his historical summarizations that religion has played a large role in the regimes of the past , particularly Roman Catholicism . But these regimes , in many ways similar to the ones of today , were not staffed by Christians . Even a cursory reading of the New Testament reveals that the initiation of force is prohibited or at least viewed as an anathema in the Christian faith . If , as the author wants us to believe , there are people who are encouraging the US government and the military to wage war in the Middle East in order to bring about `` Armageddon '' then they are not Christians . A person who advocates or initiates the use of force is not a Christian . The only thing for anyone to worry about is whether the people in government are planning or initiating violence without just cause . Clearly the yellow regime in Washington at the present time is waging an illegal and immoral war in Iraq . It is completely irrelevant whether they claim to be Christians or not . What is relevant is to find a way to remove them from office and replace them with people of greater moral standing.The influence of `` Christians '' in the American political scene is not the only pressing issue for the author in this book . He strikes out at the influence of `` big oil '' in politics , and includes fairly detailed evidence for this influence . His evidence though has been written down many times before and is therefore repetitive and actually intellectually tiring . The author 's evidence , along with others he quotes , for supporting the idea that the war in Iraq is an oil war is overwhelming . The predominant reason for going into Iraq was for control of its resources . The author is correct to be sure , but he does not add constructive solutions for how to remove the influence of `` big oil '' . The author also takes aim at the financial industry , complaining that the American populace has become deeply in debt to the degree that makes the future a perilous one . He likes to toss around big numbers , such as `` trillions '' to substantiate his thesis , but he does not offer give any coherent reasons for his concerns . Will massive debt truly result in a disaster as he predicts ? What is the basis for his predictions ? Is it commonsense or does he rely on financial modeling , the latter of which he speaks out against in the book ? Indeed , derivatives trading , particularly the new financial instruments called ` collateralized debt obligations ' rely on mathematical models in order to predict how they will behave in practice . The author though calls this ` high-priced guesswork ' , and points out the possible ` dangerous illiquidity ' of these instruments , along with a version of credit derivatives called ` credit-default swaps . ' His only evidence for his concerns about the dangers of these instruments is to quote the financier Warren Buffet , who referred to them as a `` time bomb . `` The author is not alone in his anxieties about the state of world in the twenty-first century , for the extremely rapid pace of technological innovation and the exotic nature of some of the new technologies have intimidated many . It would seem that the author is longing for the days where things were calmer , a time when the huge financial volatilities of the present time did not exist . Those days are gone though , and only those who understand the dizzying , whirlwind nature of the twenty-first century will find comfort and solace . There is no going back .
 The author strings together his opinions about what people who call themselves Christians in America believe . He is simply wrong about what all but perhaps a few people might think . Christians do not like Theocracies . They like fair governments that do not attack their faith at every turn . He should harken back to founding of the country by Christians who established a constitution that says the government can not make laws to establish religions . . this was driven off the oppression in England , primarily , of those who did not subscribe to the official state religion . Christians today , even the `` right wing '' Christians , do not want a Theocracy , but they would like to see something other than a government that has , in my opinion , become hostile to religion , especially Christianity . The establishment clause , in my opinion , also prohibits the oppression of religion and the establishment of a state based on precepts that oppress people of faith and the suppression of any ideas/moral positions that may be based on the religious beliefs of the majority of citizens .
 It is a lesson learned by every sophmore in college , and one apparently forgotten by most as they leave campus for the last time
 but this guy is a raving lunatic , and this is a hate book for those that hunt out every kind of anti-Christian , anti-religion book they can find . This seems like a book written for some kind of retribution . I do n't know what this guy is angry with , but I do know that he knows absolutely nothing about the history of religion in this country . I suggest he start reading with something as elementary as the Mayflower Compact and continue reading until he understands how big of a part the Judeo-Christian morality and work ethic played in developing this country.Phillips ' anti-Christian ignorance is only surpassed by his anti-Mormon ignorance . He knows absolutely not one single item of truth about the LDS Church . He 's been reading too many hate books . It 's people like him that are destroying the very foundations of our society . There is enough religious hatred already . The problem is NOT religion , it 's people not following religious principles . Muslims hate Christians , and all the Christian sects hate the LDS -LRB- Mormon -RRB- Church , and no one can say anything good about the Catholics , or Jehova 's Witnesses , or anyone else ; they all keep adding to the destruction of their own religion by causing hate mongers like Kevin Phillips to hate all religions even more . . Maybe this book will wake these people up and help stop the cross-religion arguing , especially the nasty tirades of the fundamentalist Christian right who want to send everyone to Hell who does n't agree with them.This is the basis for hatred from people like Phillips . That part he understands correctly.If you want to read this book , try to find a used one . Do n't give this hate monger any money .
 I must say that there is a severe problem in America concerning our ongoing dependance upon foreign oil -LRB- and oil in general -RRB- . And our spiraling , out-of-control debt will be a concern for us the rest of our lives and for potentially many generations to come.However , where Kevin Phillips really misses the boat here is that he launches a thinly-disguised attack against Christians in America . As others have noted , moral equivocation between law-abiding , patriotic American Christians and Islamist terrorists -LRB- both are called `` radical '' and `` fundamentalist '' -RRB- does a disservice to people of faith and to the truth.It is shocking and disturbing how many people are willing to buy into Phillips ' twisted and bigoted hypothesis . If he really knew all that much about Christian Reconstructionism , he might know that many in that movement favor a no-deficit policy and also environmental conservation . To try to link fundamentalist Christians with deficit spending and oil dependance is a shady proposition.Frankly , I think this book is simply an opportunity for Phillips to vent his spleen over his own frustrations that conservative Christians now have a stronger voice in Republican politics , whereas , 40 years ago ... in the Goldwater era ... they did not . However , Christians by and large now exercise less influence over American culture and government than perhaps they did in earlier times . A reading of our Founding Fathers or even later Presidents such as Lincoln and Wilson will show that Judeo-Christian philosophy once formed the very basis of our nation 's Constitution and laws , and important public policies.All in all , this is a very misleading book that uses viable concerns over oil and money as trojan horses for his poison pill of Christianity-bashing .
 I 'm always skeptical about individuals , be they bloggers , authors , or just the guy on the street , who think we 're living in a `` theocracy . '' They simply do n't know what the word means . -LRB- Liberals also like to forget that `` theocracy '' is what we 're fighting against in the Middle East ; terror is merely the enemy 's tactic . -RRB- Kevin Phillips ca n't name a single person who lost their right to vote or wound up in jail for refusing to convert to Christianity . That _ would _ be a theocracy , but that 's not what we have today , and no one with any sense would see that scenario becoming reality any time soon . Phillips should also be honest enough to admit that Bush is n't a religious fanatic , and the real `` Christian Right '' founded a party of their own , the Constitution Party , which actually _ steals _ votes from the Republicans.Instead , Phillips regurgitates the same old liberal spew his masters at NPR -LRB- National Peoplesrepublic Radio -RRB- have been paying him to spout for going on thirty years . Some `` conservative '' Phillips turns out to be!If Kevin Phillips wants to solve our energy problems , he should advocate opening up the reserves in ANWR . If he thinks the military is overstreached , he should encourage people to enlist . If he does n't like huge deficits , he should call for an end to the welfare state . That 's what a _ real _ conservative would do -- only liberals resort to the myth that Bush is a `` theocrat . ''
 Author Kevin Phillips , a learned man and skillful writer , really should know better . His confusing fusion of disparate issues makes for a toxic brew . His anti-Christian bias -LRB- which might be termed `` Evangeliphobia '' -RRB- so muddles his thinking that he is unable to distiguish between modern-day American Christianity with branches and brands of faith that were prevalent in other societies at other times . He also seems to think that the `` dangers '' of Christianity supercede those posed by radical Islam.Furthermore , he asserts that the influence of Christianity has never been stronger in our government and in our public life here in America . Honestly , I would like to know what was influencing Mr. Phillips when he made that ridiculous assertion -LRB- maybe it beverages or herbal substances -RRB- . Many credible scholars believe that there has never been a time in American history when Christianity had LESS of an influence on American public life and government than it does right now.Conspiracy theories sell books , and sadly , there are plenty of bigots out there already who loathe Christianity and who are well-schooled in the hyperbole of hatred against people of faith . Just read some of the reviews here for this book . But for all of Phillips ' vitriol and energy , this book fails to make his case . At the end -- and I say this with all apologies to our `` Evangeliphobes '' here -- Kevin Phillips is just singing to the choir .
 Phillips believes that our biggest danger in America is the threat of militant religion and its dominance of governmental policy . Except he 's not talking about militant Islam and its dominance of so many Mid-East governments and enemies of America -- he 's talking about Christianity and it 's influence on our democratically-elected government.What a sickening and insulting premise . To morally equate groups in America who exercise their rights of free speech with terrorists who slaughter the innocent and bully their own people is grossly unfair and inaccurate . The message of Christianity and the modus operandi of Christians in the world today contrasts starkly with the message and m.o. of militant Islamists.And the whole `` it 's all about oil '' lie is such a tiresome cliche perpetrated by the leftists and anarchists and the naive . I hated this book , I hated it 's vile presuppositions , and I do n't know whether to think the author is just dumb , or if there is something more sinister behind his motives .
 Wow , did you know that America 's piety , dignity , and adherance to Biblical principles are driving it to the edge of destruction ? You know , just like Rome was destroyed because of it 's righteousness and pure lifestyle ? What a laugh ! the only people who think that America is , at present , a Christian nation , are a few ill-educated Mullahs in Iran , and a few over-educated leftist professors at Columbia , Princeton , and Berkley.To call this book `` factual '' is like saying Maureen Dowd and the NY TIMES are just `` telling it like it is '' with no bias involved whatsoever . This book is shoddy scholarship and as such , is terribly disappointing . Phillips paints with such a broad brush that his hysteria comes off less as analysis and cogent , toughtful criticism and more as the spittle-tinged spewings of a bitter old man.I must say that some of the reviews here -LRB- which call Christianity `` rabid '' and `` radical '' and `` scary '' and `` Pollyanish '' -RRB- are themselves frightening to consider . It would seem that David Limbaugh , in his book `` Persecution , '' may not have been so far off in his allegations that the increasing attacks on Christians in America are part of a growing trend.The danger in America is not that Christians are `` about to take over , '' but that certain secularists would severely limit their Constitutional rights to free speech and freedom of worship if they only had the chance . These secularists would do to Christians what the truly radical Muslims are already doing to Christians in places where Sharia law is in place . Is n't it ironic , that Phillips finds himself on the side of many radical Muslim clerics?How messed up is that , man ?
 Being a former leftist I can see how this book would enthrall its intended audience . It clearly lays out three of the Democratic Parties talking points . However , if you have a modicum of knowledge , a smattering of logical reasoning ability and slight amount of historical acumen you will find Mr. Phillips and the Democratic Parties talking points break down to absurdity very quickly . However , these points are not really intended to be factual instead they are used to instill fear and more importantly the byproduct of fear - hatred ; into the automaton-like zealots of the left.However , to give Mr. Phillips his ado , his book is NOT a venomous diatribe . He does not use the extreme incivilities that pepper most of the writing from the left . While he does an excellent job in inciting fear Mr. Phillips tome does not spew hatred . Instead the writer has wisely left it up to the intended audience to convert that fear to hate.The book has three main parts . The first part states that the world will be running out of oil in this century and of course America is to blame . But what Mr. Phillips does n't do is state that he is using estimates that include only CURRENT producing LIGHT crude fields . This is in NO WAY the total amount of oil reserves in the earth since Mr. Phillips does n't even count the following1 . Heavy Crude fields2 . Tar Sands3 . Oil Shale deposits4 . Deep Water Drilling sites5 . Non Producing KNOWN Light crude fieldsSo if we add up just these KNOWN oil areas we find that reasonable estimates of reserve are in the 200-320 year range . Add this to Mr. Phillips minimal estimate of current production and we have between 300 and 400 years of KNOWN oil left.This does n't mean we should not be conserving or finding alternative sources for our energy needs . Only the extremist 's on the right would say that , but the skeptical middle of the road person finds these scare tactics involved in this book a little over the top . We should take a sensible approach to our energy needs . Known oil fields should be allowed to go into production and nuclear energy should be given a second chance.Part two of this book focuses on the influence of Christians on U.S. Politics . I found this section to be the most dangerous and most disingenuous of the whole book . -LRB- NOTE
 if you read his american dynasty then skip this bookadds little except a screed against religionbut otherwise 3 stars if you are not duplicating what you read thereand worth reading if you dont drink his koolade about religion andrealise that only some of what he says is actually true bu twhat is true is helping the gop screw the citizens of the usa and destroy the country.right about baby bush kowtowing to the nutcase rightincluding neocons and their pointless preemptive wars for oiland for the gop giving the finance people the weapons to destroy the economy -LRB- which they did after the book was written -RRB- so they could make a few more bux but push the risk and cleanup onto the taxpayers . . but mostly wrong about everything else he claims about religionand Christians -- not all of whom are against abortion , against stem cell research , or keeping dead peoples bodies functioning at a reflex level ala schiavo -- and darwin evolution could not happen because it violates the second law of thermodynamics . explain the chicken/egg , how an eyeball came about , how man/woman got evolved at the same time/place so they could continue propagating . the probabilities of evolutions being feasible are infinitesimally small . ----- and evolution is not science because science requires that independent experiments be able to duplicate the claimed results and nobody can run an experiment about evolution , which always means that evolution is at best a conjecture . -- plus the so called `` proof '' of evolution is based on logical fallacies and is not a valid proof merely bloviation of the atheistic human secularists . evolution could be preprogrammed in the genomes but it will be a while before they are fully decoded to see whether that is true or not . either way that would be * proof * of what did happen . . key points are that empires fall for 4 basic reasonsand the usa appears to be going down for the countalthough it could take 20-40 years to happen -LRB- coincidence that that is when ssa and medicare run out of money ? -RRB- -LRB- or are they runnign out of money because of what bush & gop did to screw teh country up after clintons financial surpluses ? -RRB- . reagan set the country on the right path againdaddy bush gave away all the reagan gainshow the gop could nominate baby bush is a mysterybut they did and the shrub put the usa into a death spiralof massive debt and needless wars that cost us friendsthat we desperately need to survive.he is wrong about why baby bush won -- the religulous right did vote for him but so did too many others who had no real choice . if dems had not run gore enough real republicans/conservatives would ahve voted for the dem candidate , but gore was worser in their eyes than the shrub . so they voted libertarian or stayed home . that is why obama won . if they had run hillary perpaps mccain would have won as the true gop/conservative/moderates would ahve stayed home or voted 3rd party again . . good points about the economy and how the govt is messing up big timeand why . . good points about how oil and wallstreet/Finance/realestate / insurance are driving the govt to do things that will completely destroy the usaso they can get rich and dont pay no never mind to screwing over the average joe sixpack citizen . . fully footnoted , well written , no padding.good insights except for his anti-religion screed , which tars all religious people with the same brush blaming them for what a few nutcases who are vocal and active demand the grumpy old pervert -LRB- greatly obsolete party -RRB- do . .
 I read this book at the behest of a quasi-lefty friend of mine , who worries that the evangelical right -LRB- of whom I am an equally quasi-member -RRB- has unparalleled power and influence in the current administration . You know the feeling when you sit through a stupid movie to the end , hoping it will get better , only to finally you say `` Darn , sure wish I had those two hours back ? '' Well , I have that feeling . This book is quite possibly the dumbest book I have ever read.If the evil backroom dealers of Dobson , Falwell , Robertson et al had the power Phillips believes they do , I know what they would want . Not an invasion of Iraq . Nope , without a doubt , they would end abortion as it exists . After that , they would tinker with other policies that they see as anti-God or family , but I doubt any invasion anywhere would incite much passion . These power-brokers have been able to get nothing they want , and yet they have all this power ? Do n't they wish ... Even when they are so secret , and no one admits to be at their beck and call ? Even then?Phillips is clearly a well-read man , but he reads the wrong people . Spending too much time in the wacked out paranoia of a left that checks its closet before going to bed at night , he has fashioned a tale about me and my friends that is so silly it 's almost amusing , if it were n't so dangerous . He tosses the insults fast and furious , hoping to get , as he says approvingly on page 373 , religion and morality out of politics . Leaving what Kev ? Ah , science , good old objective science , the province of impartiality , honesty , decency and love . Whoops . Remember eugenics , Kevin ? The wholesome , logical and scientific plan , endorsed enthusiastically by Planned Parenthood founder Margaret Sanger to control who could breed and who could not ? Who fought this abomination , nearly alone until Adolf and his boys gave it a somewhat sour flavor ? The Catholic Church fought it , all the while your ancestors laughed at their backward and anti-scientific attitudes . No , science is a tool , and like all tools is as good or evil as the practitioner . Just like a gun . Guns are neither good nor bad . But that 's another one you guys ca n't get . You trust science wholeheartedly , you may find you organs harvested for someone younger and stronger . And you 'll be hard-pressed to complain . After all , survival of the fittest.One could open this book to nearly any page and see something foolish , ludicrous , or downright crazy . I am not a geologist . I am not an economist . Though I know that there is wide variety of opinion among them on nearly every topic , including what day of the week it is . But I do know something about evangelicals , and almost every assertion he makes is either wrong or inflated by such clever parings as `` those who read the Left Behind series or believe in the rapture '' similar in my mind to `` those who watch Star Wars or believe in Wookies . '' The fact that millions of people choose something for entertainment does not mean that they believe it as truth . Some do , I am certain , but many more do not . This is misleading , deliberately and deceitfully misleading , and makes me doubt him on topics where my expertise is small . He lies , he exaggerates . He confuses , contorts , and whitewashes . Come on , has he never read anything about the Scopes trial other than the fictional , or maybe hallucinatory , `` Inherit the Wind ? '' And Terry Schiavo ? He makes it all sound so simple.And I do n't get his constant references to poll data . If so many Americans are spendthrift nitwits enthralled by their silly Sunday morning sermons , who cares what 57 % of them think about anything ? Or his endless referring to the opinions of the disdainful , enlightened Europeans , who put all this primitive religiosity away two centuries ago , and simultaneously unleashed two centuries of barbarism , Imperialism , and butchery unmatched in human history ? I do n't think we can look to them as models of restraint and objectivity.So , I too think Americans spend too much and waste fuel . Someday we will run out of oil . And maybe , though I 'm not so sure , we will fall as the Dutch and Spanish did . But I 'm not sure that the government that , as he says on page 385 , did n't curb the attitudes that offend oil-producing countries -LRB- Oh my ... . Women in shorts ? Movies ? Which of the many things that offend them should we curtail ? -RRB- can be counted on to fix these problems . I do n't trust the market , but I trust the government less . And I do n't trust people who twist and mislead , and Kevin Phillips does that .
 I am not going to dwell on the political views put forth in this book . I would be critical of any author who published such a poorly researched volume . Though the wikipedia is useful as a reference in some areas , most academics would never use it as a sole source for any statement . Mr. Phillips cites the wikipedia at least once , chapter 7 note 66 . Whether or not this particular fact is correct , his laziness makes all his remaining research suspect . He also lists several other dubious or biased sources , both internet and printed . If you are citing an internet source you should at least list the date a website was accessed , especially when dealing with a frequently changing site like wikipedia . Mr. Phillips does not do so.In unrelated comment , the author includes a great deal of material that is somewhat extraneous to his argument and has a somewhat annoying habit of plugging his own previous books in the text . I was at least expecting an interesting argument out of this book . There may be some validity to parts of his beliefs but his failings as a scholar and writer make it easy to belittle his arguments .
 I heard the author on NPR and rushed out and bought the book . I was very disappointed . I think this book is full of esoteric insights about history and culture , and tries to tie things together that are just not there . For instance , just to give one example , the author talks about the oil/automobile complex that dictates U.S. policy . So what ? That is true in every country -LRB- Japan , Germany , France , etc. -RRB- . Everyone has to drive to work , and thus , oil and cars are important . So what ? It is a banal insight , masquerading as profundity . The author then evern tries to tie this back to whale fishing in the 1700s , etc. . I just did n't buy any of this.Also , if there is a `` car complex '' , then I would think it would affect the Democrats much more than the Republicans , the Democrats being centered in the northern auto-producing states like Michigan . Do you really think that Clinton was not influenced by the auto industry -LRB- SUVs and large trucks were introduced during the Clinton administration , not after Sep. 11 , as the author states , and the author provides a list of psychological reasons -LSB- `` security '' -RSB- , why people wanted those large vehicles -LSB- the real reason is , Americans haul things like boats -RSB- . All this happend under a Democractic administration , not under the Bushes . The Democrats are much more likely to be `` in bed '' with the auto industry than the Bush family is.Regarding religion , yes , the evangelicals are sometimes very weird -LSB- I personally do n't want someone to have nuclear weapons , who believes that the ` End Times ' are here , and the anti-Christ exists as a real person ! -RSB- . Yes , they are powerful in terms of sheer numbers -LSB- 100 million ! -RSB- , but as David Frum -LSB- ex-White House aid -RSB- said , in his time in the White House , one single large union in the U.S. put vastly more pressure on the White House in terms of wanting concrete legislation to be passed , than the entire `` religious right '' , which mostly , in his view -LSB- he is a Jewish Canadian -RSB- want to `` be left alone '' . What have the evangelicals actually accomplished at the national level in terms of real legislation and laws ? Have they overturned Roe vs. Wade ? I read the other day that Walmart is being forced to carry a contraceptive , even though it goes against the religious view of the company leaders and most of the customers . Is that the `` religious right taking over '' ? Name one `` victory '' that the evangelicals have achieved that really is significant -LRB- they ca n't get a stone tablet with the 10 Commandments put on state grounds , they ca n't get small stickers put on books stating the `` evolution is a theory '' . At the 2004 GOP Convention , the evangelicals were not even allowed to speak , and were treated like `` odd relatives '' , and pushed into the background , which to me shows that the GOP knows it ca n't win with them on a national level . -LSB- it should also be noted that Clinton spoke a lot more in his speeches about God and religion . In addition , Democrats like House speaker Nancy Pelosi can say things like `` to us Democrats , the environment is a religious issue '' , and that is viewed as ok , but god-forbid if a Republican should mention religion and politics !! -RSB- . And whenever business interests collide with `` social conservative '' agendas , the business side ALWAYS wins -LRB- for example , Bush signing into law a new bankruptcy bill , which helped the financial industry , but hurt families -RRB- . So this idea that the evangelicals are gaining the upper hand is not true . At the state level , I would say it is true -LRB- I live in Texas , and the Religious Right has basically taken over the GOP here , going so far as to insert all kinds of odd things into the party platform like , the U.S. should leave the U.N , which does in a way conform with Phillips ' assertion that the `` wackos '' -LSB- which is a term a Republican lobbiest famously used to describe them -RSB- are taking over , in the south , at the state level -RSB- . But not at the national level . Re the financial aspects of the book , also true , but you can say that about Clinton or any president . Do you really think Clinton was not influenced by the `` credit industry '' -LRB- was n't Bob Rubin , a cabinet member under Clinton , directly from that industry , for example -RSB- ? This idea that the U.S. is just another `` great power '' in decline , and that what we see today are just signs of that -LRB- `` religious extremism '' -RRB- to me is just `` too easy '' to really be true , and has already been said before in the book , `` The Rise and Fall of the Great Powers '' ; but that book I think was mostly discredited . One reason for `` religious extremism '' is just that in the U.S. , we allow more freedoms than in other countries -LSB- which control the churches directly -RSB- , and one reason why so many Ameircans are in debt is because we are a rich people and we are free and we like to buy things . We use a lot of oil because our country is very big , and the oil industry is very efficient . The strengths of our country are in software , finance , and entertainment , not in oil or cars . So , all in all , the book did n't do much for me.The author states the old economic theory that if you make things , you are rich , but if you do finance -LRB- `` move money around '' -RRB- , you are poor . Well , not true . Mexico makes a lot of things and has a strong manufacturing base , whereas Singapore and Switzerland are services and finance-based economies . And yet , those economies that `` push money around '' are vastly better off than Mexico , where people drive down to the factory to `` make things '' . Japan also makes things , and has been in a 15-year macroeconomic decline.If you are liberal Bush-hater , you will see all your beliefs reconfirmed . But I doubt this book will convince the rest of us .
 This is just like the book `` Empire of Debt '' , but it is doing a better job jamming a lot more data to overwhelm readers who are unprepared . Dependence on oil , religious right , and debt , we all know that . The problem is not if they are dangerous , the problem is how all these will lead to the conclusions that the author attempts to make . We keep on asking HOW , HOW , HOW ; and the author just keeps on polluting with well-taken data , unrelated stories , and un-analytical information . Too many similar authors out there simply believe they can manage a political-economic topic with common sense , as long as they can overcrowd their book pages with enough data .
 I 've only got a few minutes so I 'm sorry if I sound rushed -- we 're passing a rattlesnake around tonight while we speak in tongues . It 's not as easy as it sounds.His quote on page 241
 So now we applaud Phillips for his Monday night armchair recognition that the Republican Party he knew in 1968 had been , to put it bluntly , hijacked . `` but could anybody have really predicted this ? '' Are you serious ? Is that your question ? `` could anybody have predicted this ? '' Well , if we are expected to buy into this book `` American Theocracy '' then what guarantee is there that he wo n't be similarly `` entirely wrong '' once again?And you know of course his terrible political marksmanship is n't limited to that book . That little hi-jack that you refered to changed the political landscape forever.And then his `` lil ' buddy '' gives him the dead-on for his uncanny clarity of thought and imagination to foresee peak oil and soaring oil prices.Well . - My nephew had n't visited me for a very long time -LRB- he lives in East Texas , I in South Texas -LRB- you may use Dixie if it helps your ED -RRB- . Anyway , he was sure that the Marina had probably raised launch fees over the past year , and damned if he was n't right.My point
 The Author does with this book what Michael Moore does with producing movies , for the same political objective . It really is hard to read thru all the bias . He is very clever at making things logical , but if you check the facts they do n't add up . Do n't waste your money.This book is a pawn of political history . George W. Bush was n't just attacked for his policy 's . He was hated so much they , like this author , go after his supporters . This author creates farfetched paranoia on the religious right , feeding right into the hands of atheists who want to believe that garbage . If you are an atheist and want to validate your paranoia and prejudice against God and his followers , this is the book for you . If you are a Liberal and want to reminisce about how bad George W. Bush was , then this book is for you . If you are n't into politics , hate Michael Moore movies , then wait until this book shows up at a Garage Sale for a penny , then passover , as it is overpriced.I ca n't wait for the authors sequel on what followed in the wake of George W. Bush . But then again , with Obama 's recovery who can afford a book ?
 I heard the author on NPR and rushed out and bought the book . I was very disappointed . I think this book is full of esoteric insights about history and culture , and tries to tie things together that are just not there . For instance , just to give one example , the author talks about the oil/automobile complex that dictates U.S. policy . So what ? That is true in every country -LRB- Japan , Germany , France , etc. -RRB- . Everyone has to drive to work , and thus , oil and cars are important . So what ? It is a banal insight , masquerading as profundity . The author then evern tries to tie this back to whale fishing in the 1700s , etc. . I just did n't buy any of this.Also , if there is a `` car complex '' , then I would think it would affect the Democrats much more than the Republicans , the Democrats being centered in the northern auto-producing states like Michigan . Do you really think that Clinton was not influenced by the auto industry -LRB- SUVs and large trucks were introduced during the Clinton administration , not after Sep. 11 , as the author states , and the author provides a list of psychological reasons -LSB- `` security '' -RSB- , why people wanted those large vehicles -LSB- the real reason is , Americans haul things like boats -RSB- . All this happend under a Democractic administration , not under the Bushes . The Democrats are much more likely to be `` in bed '' with the auto industry than the Bush family is.Regarding religion , yes , the evangelicals are sometimes very weird -LSB- I personally do n't want someone to have nuclear weapons , who believes that the ` End Times ' are here , and the anti-Christ exists as a real person ! -RSB- . Yes , they are powerful in terms of sheer numbers -LSB- 100 million ! -RSB- , but as David Frum -LSB- ex-White House aid -RSB- said , in his time in the White House , one single large union in the U.S. put vastly more pressure on the White House in terms of wanting concrete legislation to be passed , than the entire `` religious right '' , which mostly , in his view -LSB- he is a Jewish Canadian -RSB- want to `` be left alone '' . What have the evangelicals actually accomplished at the national level in terms of real legislation and laws ? Have they overturned Roe vs. Wade ? I read the other day that Walmart is being forced to carry a contraceptive , even though it goes against the religious view of the company leaders and most of the customers . Is that the `` religious right taking over '' ? Name one `` victory '' that the evangelicals have achieved that really is significant -LRB- they ca n't get a stone tablet with the 10 Commandments put on state grounds , they ca n't get small stickers put on books stating the `` evolution is a theory '' . At the 2004 GOP Convention , the evangelicals were not even allowed to speak , and were treated like `` odd relatives '' , and pushed into the background , which to me shows that the GOP knows it ca n't win with them on a national level . -LSB- it should also be noted that Clinton spoke a lot more in his speeches about God and religion . In addition , Democrats like House speaker Nancy Pelosi can say things like `` to us Democrats , the environment is a religious issue '' , and that is viewed as ok , but god-forbid if a Republican should mention religion and politics !! -RSB- . And whenever business interests collide with `` social conservative '' agendas , the business side ALWAYS wins -LRB- for example , Bush signing into law a new bankruptcy bill , which helped the financial industry , but hurt families -RRB- . So this idea that the evangelicals are gaining the upper hand is not true . At the state level , I would say it is true -LRB- I live in Texas , and the Religious Right has basically taken over the GOP here , going so far as to insert all kinds of odd things into the party platform like , the U.S. should leave the U.N , which does in a way conform with Phillips ' assertion that the `` wackos '' -LSB- which is a term a Republican lobbiest famously used to describe them -RSB- are taking over , in the south , at the state level -RSB- . But not at the national level . Re the financial aspects of the book , also true , but you can say that about Clinton or any president . Do you really think Clinton was not influenced by the `` credit industry '' -LRB- was n't Bob Rubin , a cabinet member under Clinton , directly from that industry , for example -RSB- ? This idea that the U.S. is just another `` great power '' in decline , and that what we see today are just signs of that -LRB- `` religious extremism '' -RRB- to me is just `` too easy '' to really be true , and has already been said before in the book , `` The Rise and Fall of the Great Powers '' ; but that book I think was mostly discredited . One reason for `` religious extremism '' is just that in the U.S. , we allow more freedoms than in other countries -LSB- which control the churches directly -RSB- , and one reason why so many Ameircans are in debt is because we are a rich people and we are free and we like to buy things . We use a lot of oil because our country is very big , and the oil industry is very efficient . The strengths of our country are in software , finance , and entertainment , not in oil or cars . So , all in all , the book did n't do much for me.The author states the old economic theory that if you make things , you are rich , but if you do finance -LRB- `` move money around '' -RRB- , you are poor . Well , not true . Mexico makes a lot of things and has a strong manufacturing base , whereas Singapore and Switzerland are services and finance-based economies . And yet , those economies that `` push money around '' are vastly better off than Mexico , where people drive down to the factory to `` make things '' . Japan also makes things , and has been in a 15-year macroeconomic decline.If you are liberal Bush-hater , you will see all your beliefs reconfirmed . But I doubt this book will convince the rest of us .
 Conservative bashing at it 's finest . Blame Bush for the evils of the world.Interesting that 3 years of Obama and an uber left progressive agenda have accomplished ... ?
 If you are `` down '' on the conservative Christian , then you may be able to identify with this author . Otherwise - do n't waste your time or money .
 Kevin Phillips picked a worthy set of topics but unfortunately , his diagnosis misses the boat . He tries to suggest that oil dependence , -LRB- Christian -RRB- religious fundamentalism and what he calls the `` financialization '' of the American economy hold great peril for the United States . He is right that the nation faces peril , but his preference to engage in feel good populism rather than truly identify policies and attitudes that put the nation at risk weakens his message.According to Phillips , U.S. foreign and domestic policy is substantially influenced by the oil industry . Obviously it is , but he tends to focus on the easy boogeyman of Big Oil and gives only scant attention to the real problem , the expectation from American consumers that they are entitled to low-priced fossil fuels . While the American oil industry has received its share of breaks , it really does n't need the American military to survive in prosper , it has proven more than willing and able to profit from ties to anti-American and rogue nations . Most of the world 's oil supply is in fact controlled by state-owned industries not private investors . Phillips 's populist instincts seem to override reality . When talking about efforts to increase conservation , he mainly implies it is a problem of regulating industry and ignores the problem of consumer preferences . Thus , when discussing the ways to control consumption , he limits himself to talking about energy efficiency standards and ignores a much more effective method to restrain consumption -LRB- higher fuel prices , either via taxation or market forces -RRB- . When discussing foreign policy he emulates the most vitriolic anti-American activists by claiming even the peacekeeping missions in Somalia and Bosnia are dismissed as oil-inspired power grabs.On religion , Phillips is also off the mark . He devotes time to the rise of Christian fundamentalism and delves into `` end of days '' beliefs and implies that a significant number of the American population would welcome Armageddon and thus the government maintains presence in the Middle East at the behest of these folks . In the process , he mostly ignores a much more obvious religion-based reason for a high American profile in the Middle East
 This book helped me alot in working on a project on the atomic bomb .
 If one was being charitable they might call this book pathetically unscholarly and unresearched , written by a well meaning ignoramus . A less charitable approach would be to call it a dishonest screed written by a dishonest man who sees no evil in bearing false witness against his neighbours.Protestant Christians living in Protestant enclaves with no real interaction with Catholic Christians , living in a pre-internet world and having no particular disposition to learn what the Catholic Church even teaches and claims about itself could be fooled by this book and take it at face value . And no ill will should be held towards them . I as a Catholic may have done the same if I had been born into similar circumstances as those well meaning yet misinformed Christians . Let all Catholics remember the words of Archbishop Sheen , `` There are not one hundred people in the United States who hate The Catholic Church , but there are millions who hate what they wrongly perceive the Catholic Church to be . `` In this day and age however , there is no reason whatsoever to take the claims of this book at face value when so many of its accusations can be disproved with a simple google search . Karl Keating 's book Catholicism vs Fundamentalism soundly puts to rest the untruths of Boettners opus . I would recommend his website Catholic Answers to any Protestants who would like to get an honest presentation of Catholic Doctrines . Be careful though , you might find yourself following Tim Staples , Scott Hahn and others who came home to Christ 's Church after they learned what it truly is , `` The Pillar and Bulwark of the Truth '' - 1 Timothy 3:15 .
 This book has been referred to by many as the Anti-Catholic Bible . After reading it , I see why . The author makes many convincing arguments regarding the non-Scriptural basis for Catholic ideology . However , the author is looking at Roman Catholicism from a Protestant perspective . Roman Catholicism , like Judaism , is based as much on oral tradition as it is on Scripture . Take this one with a grain of salt .
 Please do not waste your time on this obviously anti-Catholic book . Try reading the second chapter of Karl Keating 's `` Catholicism and Fundamentalism '' for an interesting look at Boettner 's silly book . If you want to know what Catholics believe try reading the `` Catechism of the Catholic Church '' . Looks to me like Boettner is very confused or just making up a lot of nonsense .
 Boettner 's book is a lie , it does not correspond with Truth or what the Catholic Church teaches , it is quite pathetic . If you want to read about Catholicism , try reading the Catechism of the Catholic Church , also try the Bible , it 's also a good Catholic book since it was a Catholic council in the 4th Century which compiled the Bible and declared the books sacred and canonical , I think many forget that the Bible did not just fall down from the sky , there were hundreds of Christian books and Gospels , e.g. . The Gospel of Thomas , and it was the Catholic Church , the only Church in existence who compiled , proclaimed , and preserved the Bible . Consequently this being True not only is The Bible inerrant , but also the Council of the Catholic Church which proclaimed it ` sacred and canonical ' . Please if you want to read about Catholicism go and read what She herself teaches , why do n't you are ya too afraid ? I know Luther was afraid when he read the whole Bible , so scared he had to rip seven books out . Finally Jesus said he 'd be with his Church till the end of time , not that he 'd hide for 1500 years and wait for Luther or the 15000 other denominations !
 I will fully admit to being a Roman Catholic myself and thus approach this book with an understandable bias . Since this book is the one from which many of my Protestant friends received theor view of the Catholic Church , either directly or indirectly , I thought I would read it to see , as it were , what the `` other side '' was saying.Clearly Boettner has done some serious research for this book . He cites from a multitude of sources in his vitriolic attack upon the Church . And therein lies the problem . According to Boettner , apparently , anything written by any Catholic over the 2,000 years of the Church is definative Catholic doctrine -LRB- as least so far as when he agrees with it -RRB- . A catechism written by a priest is not a definative statement of Catholic Doctrine and can be , and indeed sometimes is , wrong . Should I damn all Protestant doctrine because Marting Luther wrote `` The Jews and Their Lies '' in which he advocated burning down synagogues and denying Jews the right to praise God or to use the Torah?Boettner takes great delight in setting up his own straw-men and then merrily knocking them down . Even when Boettner does quote from official Church documents , they are often quoted partially or out of context.I grant that there are some serious differences between Catholic theology and Protestant theology . A reasoned , scriptural and historical debate on such issues can go far in understanding where we agree and where we differ . -LRB- c.f. Norman Geisler 's Roman Catholics and Evangelicals
 Even if we are right , we do not honor God by misunderstanding or misrepresenting -- for God is truth . To put it another way , when we are actually correct , we have no NEED of false or misleading arguments.I am a Protestant Convert to Catholicism . While I understand some of the misunderstandings of this book , others seem absolutely willful . In any event , the author 's carelessness regarding accuracy is appalling.This is the source book for myths about Catholicism . If you do n't -- in fact -- love the truth , you will absolutely love this book !
 First off let me say that I have no ax to grind in reviewing this book because my family is Lutheran , and I married a Methodist girl , who is now Lutheran . The book was brought to my attention by my wife who has many Catholic friends who she said were very upset by this book . So I took it upon myself to objectively read the book to see for myself what all the controversy was all about.When I read Boettner 's book -LRB- Yes I did read the entire book , all 466 pages of it -RRB- I found so many flaws , made up dates , councils that did NOT take place , and unsubstantiated claims just in the first few chapters , that I HAD to completely finish the book just to see for myself how much of a bigoted author this Loraine Boettner is , and WHY he would write such a book.In the end Boettner never tells the reader WHY he wrote this book , but if I were a Psychologist of a Psychiatrist I would come to the conclusion that here is a man -LRB- Boettner -RRB- who is extremely jealous of the Roman Catholic Church , and has such a visceral hatred of the Catholic Church that his religiously demented personality demanded that he put down in writing what was in his mind.When Boettner wrote this book it was published in 1962 . Why he could n't wait until the end of the 2nd Vatican Council -LRB- 1962-1965 -RRB- probably tells me that he had to put down in writing his pent up hatred before the Catholic Church , through the results of the conclave , changed any of his antagonisms . From what I have read about Vatican II it has changed the Catholic Church a lot , while still maintaining the core beliefs of the Catholic Church that go directly back to the time of Christ.Loraine Boettner did not die until January 1990 , but he never wrote a direct rebuttal to this book . Which will lead you to ask WHY ? The answer is simple
 This is easily the greatest example any teacher/professor could use in teaching how NOT to write a book.It 's clearly a novel , full of exaggeration , distortion , and in many places complete lies.May God have had mercy when Loraine tried explaining his part in his false witness crusade against the the Church , our 2000 year old Catholic Church !
 There are inumerous errors in this book ! 100s in fact ! Where do I start ? ... it leads me to ask the question , what in the world was this publisher thinking ? Boettner 's book stands upon the rantings of unhappy Catholics and the anti-Catholic works of people such as Paul Blanshard and his ilk . Relying upon such people is like relying upon your political candidate to tell you all the `` great stuff '' about their opponent ! Blatantly unbalanced , Boettner theatricizes a parody of the Catholic view and simply refutes that . Sadly deficient.It is unfortunate that this man did NOT do his homework when writing this unbalanced work . In the words of Karl Keating , `` But he was not as interested in accuracy as in sensationalism , which is always the enemy of truth . This story is such a great blow against the Catholic Church-why spoil it with the facts ? `` In my fact finding perusal at the library , I came across Karl Keating 's book CATHOLICISM AND FUNDAMENTALISM . I suggest to all who are reading or have read Boettner 's book to consider the sources Boettner uses , look up the facts and read Keating 's book .
 Highly unscholarly . At least one major error on every page . Pick a page , any page . And the allegations can be easily refuted . It will never be considered a `` scholarly book '' . A comic book ... . perhaps . A real scholar once told me , `` All the claims can be easily refuted . It would be funny , if it was n't for the fact that so many people take it seriously '' . As for sources ... . none . Oh yes , they are shown , but if you follow them it goes something like this ... . A points to B , B points to C , C points to A. Basically they are pointing to each other for proof . Very poorly done . I would suggest reading `` Fathers Know Best '' by Jimmy Akin if you want to study the early Christians .
 If writers got points for misconceptions and sneaky tricks , L.B. would be on top of them all . This book is full of twists , turns , misconceptions , and outright lies about the Catholic faith . As a Catholic , this book was enough to put me on the borderline of laughing and crying . I can personally refute most of the claims he makes , but Karl Keating , Scott Hahn , and Patrick Madrid do wonderful jobs at this on books already in print and available here . IF YOU WANT TO KNOW ABOUT THE CATHOLIC FAITH , go read the books from the afore-mentioned authors . This book is a book of outright lies .
 It 's amazing how gullible some people can be.I bought and read this book when I was evangelical.I then began to examine the issues in it , and , seeing not only the inaccuracies and misrepresentations in this book , but also seeing the historical , theological and BIBLICAL cohesion of the claims of the Catholic Church , I became Catholic.Need I say more ?
 The author , anti-dispensationalist postmillennialist Loraine Boettner , began his analysis -LRB- pp. 4-7 -RRB- , hit-job , on Roman Catholicism , published in July 1962 and October 1989 , by insisting that the Papacy can not be considered a good bulwark against Russian communism and its expansion in Eastern Europe . Hmmm , kind of like Pope John Paul II was not a good ally of President Reagan ? John Paul II and his support of Solidarirty was not at all helpful ? It begins with intellectual incongruity and regresses on each page . Good laugh for those who read anti-Catholic propaganda . Read Boettner 's anti-dispensationalist postmillennialism in his Millennium .
 `` Roman Catholicism '' seems like an accurate , well-researched book , but it is nothing more than an outlet for Boettner 's hate of Catholics . It frequently alters quotes and uses biased sources , because this is what fundamentalists have to do to defend their beliefs . Karl Keating 's book , `` Catholicism and Fundamentalism '' , completely exposes this hateful work .
 This book totally misconstrues the Catholic Faith . It takes the Bible itself out of context as well as all Catholic references . It is a sad display of untruth . For a true view of the Catholic faith read a good book like Catholism and Fundementalism By Karl Keating
 Boettner offers a classic presentation of what the Catholic Church DOES NOT teach .
 I once had high respect for Lorraine Beottner until I checked out the facts . This book is an absolutely atrocius work that caricatures the Church and distorts the facts . It is full of many historical errors easily verified . My faith in Protestantism was shaken after checking the facts . It is sad that so many Protestants use this as a primary source of arguments against the Church when it has long been refuted . Actually , many Protestant scholars admit that this book is unreliable . Seeing the countless errors in this `` Bible of anti-Catholicicsm '' through research had alot to do with my conversion to Catholicism .
 `` There will come a time when men will no longer put up with sound doctrine . Instead , to suit their own selfish desires , they will surround themselves by a great number of teachers telling them what their itching ears want to hear . '' This is the what Boettner has done in this book
 Boettner raises a giant straw man of his own construction then demolishes it as evil before the eyes of the reader . Had he actually presented Catholic doctrine for discussion he could have made the claim to be intelectually honest . As it stands Boettner 's book is for people who want to reinforce their own misconceptions of the Church to make themselves feel better .
 The anti-Catholics ' Bible , it contains lots of misconceptions about the Roman Catholic Church , plenty of alleged quotations but without many citations to any source . Full of blunders and misunderstandings , it is one of the worst things you could ever spend your monsey on . As Bishop Fulton Sheen said , `` There are not many people in the United States who hate the Catholic Church , but thousands of people who hate what they mistakenly believe the Catholic Church to be . '' A refutation of parts of this book can be found in Karl Keating 's `` Catholicism and Fundamentalism . '' Boettner clearly demonstrates his little knowledge of Roman Catholic history
 Given all the extreme rhetoric of many of these reviews , I 'd like to attempt to present something closer to a rational evaluation , largely borrowing from a review I wrote for another book sales website.Lorraine Boettner 's thorough and expansive treatment of Roman Catholicism has certainly become a classic since its first publication in 1962 , widely disseminated and used as a basis for further critiques . Boettner 's book is , however , also infamous . The book 's infamy stems from its method of argumentation which combines various strategies
 I read this book back in the early 90 's when it was given to me by a fundamentalist co-worker . I was a lax Catholic at the time who sailed through 12 years of Catholic schooling without ever really delving deep into my faith . I read the book with interest , and an open mind , since I already began having some serious challenges with what my friend was teaching me about the `` obvious contradictions '' -LRB- as he saw them -RRB- between Biblical teachings and Catholic doctrine . I found many of Dr. Boettner 's historical accusations so over the top , and distorted that I soon began to question his scholarship -LRB- not to mention his motives -RRB- on everything else.My curiosity was piqued and I began to devour every book I could find that would shed some light on how the early Christians read and understood scripture -LRB- starting with William A. Jurgens ' , `` Faith of The Early Fathers '' -RRB- . It took the good Dr. Boettner to get me interested enough to finally begin searching for the truth - and it led me deeper into the Faith I was raised in . Thanks Dr. Boettner !
 `` Divine tradition is the writings of the fathers and doctors of the catholic church . Now God is infallible , so divine tradition should be also . But Boettner writes that Augustine , a prolific church father , wrote a book of retractions to his writings later in life . Another Church doctor , Alphonsus Liguori , in his book , the means of salvation and perfection , wrote that if God willed all the angels to go to hell , they would willingly do so to follow the divine will . This is absurd since God can not make a contradiction . `` In response to this post and this book , all I can say is that people need to do a better job of understanding what it is they are trying to condemn . First , Boettner misleads the reader to believe that Augustine `` comes to his senses later in life '' . Maybe the reader should , himself , read Augustine to find the TRUTH . Boettner also attempts to build up a Catholic strawman and then knock it down . He does it well -LRB- who could n't -RRB- . In fact , if this was actually what the Church taught , I would be objecting myself . Furthermore , he is dishonest , which is a cardinal sin for a `` scholar '' . For starters , Catholic tradition is not the `` writings of the fathers and doctors of the Catholic Church '' . The Church fathers bear witness to Apostolic Tradition , but they are n't in themselves `` Tradition '' . Thus , a Church Father OR Doctor CAN err . Their writings are only accurate in as much as they agree with what the Church has always taught . This does not mean that our understanding can not grow or expand . However , teachings can not be contradicted -LRB- i.e. cold-blooded murder is never morally acceptable -RRB- . The teaching on infallibility only extends to matters of faith and morals . And that only extends to the Magisterium . Thus , a Pope declaring that one Bible is better than another one is not a contradiction on infallibility . `` Faith and Morals '' simply put are articles of the faith that are necessary for our salvation along with moral teachings that guide our faith.Furthermore , the teaching on infallibility only states that the Holy Spirit will PREVENT the CHURCH from teaching error in these areas . It does not extend to INDIVIDUALS , except the Holy Father -LRB- in Ex Cathedra pronouncements -RRB- . These rarely occur . Thus , both the author 's accusations and all critics of Catholic -LRB- Apostolic -RRB- Tradition are unfounded . Remember , all you critics of Catholic Tradition , the words of St. Paul , `` So then Brothers , stand firm and hold to the TRADITIONS we brought to you , whether by word of MOUTH or by LETTER '' -LRB- 2 Thess 2:15 -RRB- . Also , that the `` CHURCH of the living God , -LRB- IS -RRB- the PILLAR and FOUNDATION of TRUTH '' -LRB- 1 Tim 3:15 -RRB- . Thus , Scripture -LRB- which is a part of Tradition itself , said St. Paul in 2 Thess 2:15 -RRB- bears witness to the Church 's teaching on Tradition . A teaching that was handed down by Christ and the Apostles in the once and for all , complete deposit of faith.To sum it up , let us see what the Church teaches about it 's own beliefs on Tradition . `` Sacred Tradition and Sacred Scripture , then , are bound closely together and communicate one with the other . For both of them , flowing out from the same divine well-spring , come together in some fashion to form one thing and move towards the same goal '' -LRB- CCC , 80 -RRB- . `` The Tradition here in question comes from the apostles and hands on what they received from Jesus ' teaching and example and what they learned from the Holy Spirit . The first generation of Christians did not yet have a WRITTEN NEW TESTAMENT , and the New Testament itself demonstrates the process of living Traidition . Tradition is to be distinguished from the various THEOLOGICAL , DISCIPLINARY , LITURGICAL , or DEVOTIONAL traditions -LRB- little `` t '' -RRB- , born in the local churches over time . These are the particular forms , adapted to different places and times , in which the great Tradition -LRB- Big `` T '' -RRB- is expressed . In the light of Tradition , these traditions can be retained , modified or even abandoned under the guidance of the Church 's magisterium '' -LRB- CCC , 83 -RRB- . Thus , man-made traditions can be modified or abandoned , but Apostolic Tradition is objective truth revealed by God and can not ever change . This is what the Church claims infallibility over . Do n't take my word for it , do your research , and try reading something other than anti-Catholic sentiment if you ACTUALLY want to learn what the Catholic Church teaches .
 `` Roman Catholicism '' by Loraine Boettner is easily one of the worst pseudo-histories/studies of the Catholic faith ever written.Boettner most definitely did not do his homework , even when it may appear to the uninformed that he has.He was among the worst of the anti-Catholic bigots of the 20th century and like anyone with a hateful prejudice he swallowed hook , line and sinker every lame and groundless piece of nonsense he could scrape up concerning the Church and the faith instituted by Jesus Christ.He managed to get Church history , theology , doctrine , practices and beliefs wrong all at the same time . There is probably not a single page in this book that is not riddled with errors , but that is what one would expect from a misguided , misinformed and spiteful man with a terrible axe to grind against the Church of Jesus Christ.If you are interested in a much higher level of reading about the Catholic Church I would recommend `` Triumph
 Lorriane Boettner has no clue as to what he is talking about . I was on the verge of leaving the Church and then I read his book . Looked up the facts and realized how off-base he is . If you want inaccuracy , distortion , illogic , and straw man arguments read this book . But if you want the Truth then ignore this books and read `` Catholicism and Fundamentalism '' by Karl Keating , `` Fundamentals of the Faith '' by Peter Kreeft , and `` Rome Sweet Home '' by Scott and Kimberly Hahn . I would give this no stars , but I ca n't .
 I am a Christian firmly entrenched in the same general branch of Protestantism as the author -LRB- Calvinism -RRB- , and I own several of his books . I would say this has to be one of his worst . I doubt he intended to write a diatribe ; I am willing to be charitable and give him the benefit of the doubt . But , when searching for words to describe his treatment of Roman Catholicism , `` charitable '' does n't come to mind . I 'm not an expert on RC doctrine , but my impression is that the book repeatedly falls into the grave error of taking an aberration of one segment of Roman Catholicism or at a particular point in time , and painting the whole church with that brush . The net result is that even though he may have had the best of intentions , the book verges on slander at times . This is a shame for various reasons . I think there is a strong case that can be formulated against the Roman Catholic church -- it is more in need of reform than ever -- so why knock down straw men ? If one 's book is full of grotesque caricatures , one 's legitimate points will not get the hearing they deserve . On top of that , the book is sorely out of date . I think it merits two stars , but even then only with reservation . I do n't recommend this book to anyone who does n't have a strong theological background already . Then , if you are in a position where you need to do extensive research of Roman Catholicism -LRB- as a Protestant -RRB- or of Protestant critiques of Roman Catholicism , then this book should probably be just one of many that you read . Do n't take anything in this book as authoritative without corroborating it elsewhere first ! Let us all pray for God 's working to protect all the churches from sin and error . We all have a lot of house-cleaning to do .
 Boettner 's work has been on my shelf for some time , has been read more than once , and frankly it amazes me that the publishers will not update or edit the work . If it 's such a wonderful seller , maybe they do n't want to `` mess with success '' . The work reads well and lacks some of the caustic tone seen in these reviews . It lacks sound references in an academic sense - i.e. , footnotes , bibliographies to specific editions , etc. , typical for the time but unacceptable today . The reason ? Because some of Boettner 's facts are just wrong . Look at `` Some Roman Catholic Heresies and Inventions in the introduction . `` Baptizing of bells '' is presented so the reader thinks that bells are actually baptized , a simply unexcusable stretch of the facts in a book filled with such items.Boettner consistently uses religious terms that mean different things to Protestants and Roman Catholics . This is the root of much of the book 's misleading statements and a cause of this controversy . As Christians -LRB- you potential reader -RRB- I suggest you refrain from this book and look elsewhere . There are many better books -LRB- on both sides of the controversy ! -RRB- That this one sells is largely due to the nature of the audience that reads it , an audience afraid to have its assumptions challenged and afraid to undertake the difficult labor of validating this work . Do n't take this short-cut . Get James White 's `` The Roman Catholic Controversy '' or on the other side try Karl Keating 's book . Both of these writers do a good job of presenting the case as Christians ought to do , and include academically rigorous footnotes , bibiographies , etc. . Those are good values for the money.Pick a side , pick a better book . But do n't pick this one . It is dramatically outdated and very often clearly incorrect regarding today 's Roman Catholic church.By way of disclosure , I 'm Protestant clergy with a theology training from the University of Cambridge .
 I 'm sorry to have to write a bad review , but this book is the silliest attack on the Church there is in print . Any Catholic -LRB- or Protestant who is knowledgeable in the least about theology -RRB- could refute this book without much effort.The case for Catholicism is made more by this book than by many modern Catholic apologists . Such slanderous attacks , having no foundation in truth , led me to consider that the Catholic Church is the one Church which Jesus promised would be so hated . This search led me to the deepest of convictions , and one which as a former Baptist I did not even want to consider , that the Catholic Church indeed is the Catholic Church mentioned in the Apostle 's Creed and the Creed of the Council of Nicea.If your view of the Catholic Church is formed upon this book , you will have a very warped and inaccurate view indeed . It is my prayer that people will not be deceived by the elementary - school level of presentation available through a reading of this book .
 This book is based totally on prejudice . How could anyone take it seriously ? I nearly laughed out loud when I saw people recommending it as a book to learn more about Catholicism , but they were serious . I hope they are seriosly misinformed about Catholic teaching , so it 's not totally their fault . If that 's the case , then I suggest they read the Catechism -LRB- so they can know what the Catholic Church actually teaches -RRB- . However , if they do know what Catholics believe , then I want to know why they feel it necessary to instead look to a book filled with straw-man arguements , misquotations , misrepresentations , lies , deceit , etc. such as this one ? The only reason I can think of is if they 're afraid of the truth . Now do n't get me wrong . I have no problem with people simply disagreeing with Catholicism ; that 's one thing . Many Protestants have sincere questions about Catholicism . But this book is more than simply disagreement ; this is plain trash . It relies on people 's total ignorance and prejudice . If anyone thinks this book is an `` excellent book '' , then I think they need to do a little more research . Because either they are very ignorant of Catholic teaching , or they just like Catholic-bashing -LRB- as opposed to honest disagreement , which many good Protestants have -RRB- .
 Bishop Fulton J. Sheen once said something along the lines of , `` Few people in America hate the Catholic Church , but many hate what they mistakenly think is the Catholic Church . '' There is a great deal of truth in Sheen 's observation . Oppositions to the Catholic Church are often full of misrepresenations and misconceptions concerning its teachings and practices , such as the accusations that Catholics worship Mary or think the Pope is sinless . In some cases these misrepresentations may be deliberate , the result of hateful bigotry . More often , however , those who make such assertions have been unfortunately misled by anti-Catholic propoganda - propoganda like Lorainne Boettner 's Bible of anti-Catholicism . Whether Lorainne was himself misled or in fact deliberately misrepresented the Catholic Faith , his book , Roman Catholicism , is full of inaccuracies.Here are some of his historical inaccuracies in his list of `` Catholic Inventions '' : Transubstatiation was not invented in 1215 . It had been believed for over a thousand years prior to this . 1215 , however , was the first time it was formally defined and given the name Transubstantiation.Contrary to Boettner 's claim , the Bible was not forbidden to laymen and placed on the Index of Forbidden Books in 1229 . The Bible could not have been placed on the Index of Forbidden Books , which did not yet exist and would not for another several hundred years . At the Council held at Toulouse , France -LRB- which is certainly the council Boettner mistakenly thought was in Muslim occupied Valencia and called by that name -RRB- , a inaccurate translation of the Bible published by an heretical sect -LRB- which claimed that there were two gods and that marriage was evil -RRB- was condemned.The Sign of the Cross was practiced by Christians since before Tertullian wrote of it in 211 -LRB- not 300 , as Boettner states -RRB- , perhaps even since the time of the Apostles.The worship of images was authorized in 786 . In fact it was never authorized , as Catholics do not worship religious images anymore than the United States worships the Lincoln Memorial or Mount Rushmore , but merely use them as reminders of God and his followers or as aids in prayer . In 787 , a council condemned the iconoclastic heresy which asserted that statues of Jesus were unacceptable . The council did not condone worship of such images , however.Confession to a priest existed long before 1215 . Cyprian , Origen , and others refer to it nearly a millenia earlier . Nor do Catholics go to a priest instead of to God for the forgiveness of sins.Finally , the `` Apocryphal books '' -LRB- seven dueterocanonical books which Protestants do not accept as Scriptural -RRB- were not added to the Bible at the Council of Trent . Rather , Martin Luther had removed them , and the Council affirmed what had always been held - that they were truly books of the Canon of Scripture which was established definitively at the Councils of Rome , Hippo , and Carthage in the late 4th century.These are only some of the inaccuracies contained in Lorainne Boettner 's inaccurate , unreliable , and seriously misleading book , Roman Catholicism . It is unfortunate that many have been led into a false view of history and the Church by this book , and whether one is Catholic , Protestant , or otherwise , nothing should justify going to it for information regarding the Roman Catholic Church .
 I always find it interesting when certain groups of people attack the Catholic Church based on the assertion of `` inventing '' doctrine . They often point to the dates when the Church officially names such previously shared and accepted beliefs . They say ` That proves that it was `` invented '' by the Church because it was documented well after the death of the apostles . '' The Catholic Church , when a long standing , all the way back to the first and second centuries , tradition becomes challanged or distorted will establish a special council to lay out the exact meaning and often name to a doctrine -LRB- example being - The Trinity -RRB- to do away with misconceptions . I use the example of the Trinity because most protestants are unaware of the Council of Nicene back in the fourth century that officially defined and named what was considered to be a commonly held TRADITION , but had at that time come under attack from various heretics . The word TRADITION scares most protestants because in order to discredit the Catholic Church they have decreed that all TRADITION passed down from the earliest of times is false if not found in the Bible . If you are a protestant reading this , read about the history of forming the New Testament . It was n't handed directly from God 's hand to Christians , but was a long process of evaluation in determining what was divinely inspired and what was not . Many books were left out that some wanted to include - they are known as the `` Gnostic Gospels '' . It was the Catholic Church who determined which books were to be included and which ones were not . This was 300 years after the Apostles . Please tell me what bible were the earliest of Christians using to verify and justify their beliefs prior to the fourth century . They relied on TRADITION . I could go on forever about the many gross misconceptions that protestants have concerning Catholic beliefs , but there is already a good number of sites and books that could properly educate if people are truly interested in the truth .
 The problem with this book is that is wholly unscholarly . The author makes all sorts of extravagant claims against the Roman Catholic Church and almost always either fails to correctly cite the material or it is found to be completely out of context . There are dialogs that could be opened about Roman Catholicism but this author 's work can only serves as an embarrassment for the arguments Boettner and his modern constituents are making . There are many more balanced and scholarly materials available throughout amazon.com and the Internet . I would suggest looking there .
 `` There are not 100 people in the United States who hate the Catholic Church . There are millions , however , who hate what they wrongfully believe the Catholic Church to be . '' - Archbishop Fulton SheenIn this `` bible '' of anti-catholocism , Mr. Boettner presents a -LRB- seemingly -RRB- very convincing argument on all the `` evils '' of the Catholic Church . He claims to expose all the pagan origins and the sinful practices of the vatican . Unfortunatly , as Catholic theologians like Dr. Scott Hahn have pointed out , most of his quotes and refrences are misleading and taken out of context . I do not have the space to list all the errors on here , but do a Google.com search on the topic and see for yourself.For the record , I am not Roman Catholic . I just feel that it is wrong to misrepresent one of the world 's most complex and beautiful religious traditions .
 It 's really obvious he does n't know or understand what he is talking about .
 This book appeals to the ignorant bigot who is too simple and lazy to invest the necessary time and effort to explore the fascinating topic of the differences between Catholicism and Protestantism . For the thoughtful and curious people , I would recommend The New Anti-Catholicism
 Karl Keating 's book Catholicism and Fundamentalism
 This one of the worst abominations ever put in print to `` describe '' Catholicism . It is of note only for its ludicrous claims , half-truths , and outright lies . DO N'T BE FOOLED
 I was raised Catholic . Went to Catholics schools , and entered the Sisters of Saint Joseph of Orange where I received an extensive education in the Catholic theology.After I left the Order , I spent many years searching for the truth . I have spent the last 30 years in the Protestant Community , and have experienced various Denominations.During that time , I studied the Bible , learning the Greek , studying it in the original . So I do n't think I could be called ignorant of what I speak of either Protestants or Catholics or the Bible.I found Loraine Boettner 's Roman Catholicism in the library of the small ChristianCollage I was attending . What he wrote was inflammatory , unjust , uncalled for -LRB- especially against the nuns -RRB- . Strawmen were thrown up and torn down . The most ridiculous and humiliating things were stated as facts . So little was based on fact that I was appalled.I reported the book to the President of my Collage and he backed up the book . This for me precipitated a crisis . I left the School but not the study of Scripture . I will never forget the deep humiliation that had been heaped on Christ . What Boettner never realized is that in his hatred of the Catholicism he left , his lashing hate ridiculed and degraded Christ himself . How this hate can be tolerated in Churches that dedicate themselves to Christ I do not know . Jesus was clear that we were to love our enemies , our perceived enemies here.Those afflicted with this kind of hate should be prayed after . They are burdened with a cancer that can only eat them up and kill the freshening of the Spirit . I was saddened to find that instead of healing what was eating into Mr. Boettner , his cancer has been encouraged.We are moving into a new age where Christianity is being attacked on all levels both in America and without . We had all better come to Christ , beg forgiveness for our petty hatreds , and unite as He wanted us to be . Christ is the Message . And time is short
 Oh come on ! EVEN if you do n't agree with Catholicism -LRB- as a future seminarian , I happen to -RRB- you can find BETTER material . I mean , if any educated Catholic tells you that this stuff is rubbish , you should believe them . We are not ashamed of our beleifs nor do we hide from our history . There was an inquisition -LRB- even though it was NOTHING like most Protestants try to make it -RRB- , there were and are some problems -LRB- not in DOCTRINE , perhaps in management and catechesis -RRB- , but nothing to the distorted degree presented in this work of fiction . I highly recommend that this book be buried forever as it might be MORE useful as landfill !
 This book is without question a codex of lies from someone who hates the Catholic Church . The truly sad part is that some people actually eschew the Bible in order to support Boettner 's rancid work.The book is useful for Catholic apologists to understand the genesis of some of the more laughable arguments made against Catholicism.As a source of honest information , it 's a sad joke . A sad joke that still infects some of the more naive minds out there .
 For those who do n't know the story of the curate 's egg , basically the conclusion is that `` it 's good in parts '' . I read this book as a young Christian , and although I appreciated the mixture of scripture and anecdote , eventually the book became stilted - especially when it started to say that the RC 's were `` unconstitutional '' -LRB- I 'm not from the US -RRB- . The all time best line comes in either chapter one or two . It is so funny and out of date that I can remember it by rote . `` If the United States were to become Roman Catholic , the result , undoutedly , would be the conquest of this nation and the rest of the world by Russian Communism '' . Do n't get me wrong , I think the RC church is fatally flawed and unbiblical - but linking Commies and Catholics is not only unwarranted , but hysterical . Boettner does not help either Catholics or protestants with his deeply flawed polemic .
 Unscholarly would be too nice a term for this book . It is intellectually dishonest . Non-academic propoganda . I would rate it a zero if I could . Enough said .
 The late Rev ' . d Boettner was known both in Protestant and Catholic circles as being a rabid anti-Catholic . Catholic apologists have accurately termed this book `` The Anti-Catholic Bible '' . However , one 1 -RRB- needs to understand what one attacks , 2 -RRB- needs to document one 's charges , and 3 -RRB- needs to be minimally informed about history , theology , etc. . BEFORE one starts throwing around accusations.This book is an embarassment to Protestants . If one wishes to criticize or contradict or disagree with a doctrine held by the Catholic Church , surely such things can be done with integrity and without hate-speech . `` Beloved , let us love one another '' says the Apostle . If Boettner feels that Catholics are in need of salvation , and that their religious system is flawed -LRB- at best -RRB- , this can be said with love , not hate .
 First off let me say that I have no ax to grind in reviewing this book because my family is Lutheran , and I married a Methodist girl , who is now Lutheran . The book was brought to my attention by my wife who has many Catholic friends who she said were very upset by this book . So I took it upon myself to objectively read the book to see for myself what all the controversy was all about.When I read Boettner 's book -LRB- Yes I did read the entire book , all 466 pages of it -RRB- I found so many flaws , made up dates , councils that did NOT take place , and unsubstantiated claims just in the first few chapters , that I HAD to completely finish the book just to see for myself how much of a bigoted author this Loraine Boettner is , and WHY he would write such a book.In the end Boettner never tells the reader WHY he wrote this book , but if I were a Psychologist of a Psychiatrist I would come to the conclusion that here is a man -LRB- Boettner -RRB- who is extremely jealous of the Roman Catholic Church , and has such a visceral hatred of the Catholic Church that his religiously demented personality demanded that he put down in writing what was in his mind.When Boettner wrote this book it was published in 1962 . Why he could n't wait until the end of the 2nd Vatican Council -LRB- 1962-1965 -RRB- probably tells me that he had to put down in writing his pent up hatred before the Catholic Church , through the results of the conclave , changed any of his antagonisms . From what I have read about Vatican II it has changed the Catholic Church a lot , while still maintaining the core beliefs of the Catholic Church that go directly back to the time of Christ.Loraine Boettner did not die until January 1990 , but he never wrote a direct rebuttal to this book . Which will lead you to ask WHY ? The answer is simple
 When researching a subject one much read each side 's point of view . Those who believe that the material presented in this book is an accurate representation of Roman Catholicism are mistaken.To truly learn about Catholicism why read a book by someone trying to refute it ? Why not then read accurate information about Roman Catholicism such as the Catechism of the Catholic Church -LRB- CCC -RRB- . The CCC is cross referenced with the Holy Bible so one can read the Roman Catholic side of the argument.If in the end one still disagrees with the teachings of the Roman Catholic Church , at least that person went to the source for accurate information.For a side trying to refute a theory or in this case religious denomination it is unethical as a scholar to present a presentation of your opposing theory in what can be proceed as an unbiased way.In short if one wants to learn about Roman Catholicism go to the source , in this case the Catechism of the Catholic Church . If one wishes to learn about Fundamentalism one can read any number of works by several educated Fundamentalist writers.This is a poor work . -LRB- Also a note should be made that not all Catholics who believe in Papal succession and the Mass are `` Roman Catholics '' or Latin Rite Catholics ; there are over 20 liturgical rites in the Catholic Church . Around 97 % of Catholics are of the Latin Rite .
 If you 're curious about the real history of Christianity and the development of Christian doctrine , start with `` Early Christian Writings '' published by Penguin Books . This book contains the writings of the immediate disciples of the Apostles , including Ignatius of Antioch . From there , branch out into the other Ante-Nicene Church Fathers , like Justin Martyr and Irenaeus , and continue into the Nicene and Post-Nicene Fathers like Athanasius , Jerome , Augustine , and John of Damascus . Check out Eusebius ' `` History of the Church -LRB- Ecclesiatical History -RRB- '' also available from Penguin , and Jurgens ' `` Faith of the Early Fathers vols . 1-3 . '' Why read a modern Prebyterian like L. Boettner when there are so many ancient Christian writings available -LRB- through Amazon.com -RRB- ?
 As a former protestant turned Catholic , I have done substantial research myself into the doctrinal basis of Catholic Church teaching . And my conclusion
 If you enjoy fiction , this book is for you . I do n't know what 's scarier - the outright demagoguery and utter falsehoods this author attempts to foist upon the ignorant or some of those in his Protestant cheering section who have written reviews below , but are as clueless as Boettner . Has intellectual honesty gone out of style ? It seems that Boettner 's hatred of the Catholic Church lead this pitiful man to throw truth and accuracy out the window when he wrote this forgettable work of lies and distortions . In fact , the reader can visualize Boettner with clinched fists and gnashed teeth as he swerves recklessly from one mistaken conclusion to another . WHY IS THE TRUTH SO SCARY TO SOME ? Disagree with the Catholic Church all you care to . But for goodness sake - disagree with what the Church REALLY believes and REALLY teaches . Even some scholarly sounding types who attempt to quote from Church documents in these reviews reach completely erroneous conclusions because of the same anti-intellectual approach that Boettner takes . Instead of this baloney , try some real food for the brain - Rome Sweet Home by Scott and Kimberly Hahn , Born Fundamentalist ; Born again Catholic by David Currie , Surprised By Truth by Patrick Madrid , Answering a Fundamentalist by Albert Nevins , By What Authority ? by Mark Shea , or try the Catechism of the Catholic Church . All of these titles are available right here on Amazon.com . Get the facts and judge for yourself . The only thing this book is good for is lining the bottom of my bird cage .
 Plato once criticized the idea of democracy , saying that the majority is too easily swayed by irrational arguments to make just decisions on behalf of the state.I guarantee you that anybody who praises `` Roman Catholicism '' by Loraine Boettner has never checked a single `` fact '' claimed by the entire book . Indeed , I would even say that most fundamentalists who rely on this book as their source manual , or `` anti-Catholic Bible '' as Karl Keating put it , are aware of the dishonesty , but continue to use it in hopes of swaying the uneducated with sensationalist and inaccurate citations.For example , Boettner claims that extreme unction , the Catholic sacrament also known as anointing of the sick , was invented in 526 AD . The implication being that it was not practiced by the early Church , but was , as the story goes , Roman paganism incorporated by the state . What he does n't tell you is that this practice can actually be found in the Bible . The Epistle of James 5:14 -15 reads `` Is any among you sick ? Let him call for the elders of the church , and let them pray over him , anointing him with oil in the name of the Lord ; and the prayer of faith will save the sick man , and the Lord will raise him up ; and if he has committed sins , he will be forgiven . `` I dare any person who finds accuracy in this book to support the vicious claims it makes . You wo n't see it . Jimmy Swaggart , Jack Chick and Bob Jones University avoid open debate ; the reason being , as Plato predicted , because they know they are spreading malicious propaganda . To confront those they persecute would give them a chance to defend themselves , and with reasonable argument comes a clearing in the fog . The lies fall apart.Look at some other claims `` Roman Catholicism '' makes . Boettner believes that transubstantiation , or the idea that Jesus is literally present in the Eucharist , was invented in 1215 AD . In reality , that 's when the term `` transubstantiation '' was deemed fit to describe the miracle of the Mass. . The actual doctrine of the Real Presence comes from the Gospel of John , chapter six
 As an ex-protestant seminarian and now a Catholic priest I know how wrong Boettner is first hand . This kind of pseudo-intellectual tripe never impressed me . Read the Catechism to find out what we really believe .
 Being torn -LRB- and Protestant -RRB- I read this AND Keating 's `` Catholicism and Fundamentalism '' and I have to say - Boettner would have gotten a firm `` F '' in a Divinity School for this . His Bibliography appears to be a random selection of books that may or may not have anything to do with the text . He makes claims that can be easily refuted by actually opening the texts he claims -LRB- very badly -RRB- to quote . Footnotes are required for a reason - if you take a quote , you must note the exact text and page . He relies on academic laziness in the hope that people wo n't actually go hunting and fishing to find some of his secondary heresay . If he does n't botch the quote completely , he mis-attributes it or worse . His phenomenally bad grasp of Italian and Latin is the equivilent of claiming that because you eat at Taco Bell qualifies you to be Ambassador to Spain . His understanding of English is worse . This book has more mistakes than text . Simple examples :1 . The `` chair '' of St. Peter is n't a piece of furniture - it 's like being a `` Committee Chair . `` 2 . To claim a the Bible was banned at a Church Council in Valencia in 1229 . Problem
 I 've only gotten through chapter 3 and am not optimistic about the scholarship of the rest of this book . -LRB- That 's why I only give him 2 stars because I have n't read it completely yet . -RRB- I 've already seen many errors in this book.So far when he quotes from Catholic sources he does n't give you accurate references to those sources . He ca n't even quote papal documents correctly.I also checked out the Orthodox icon reference that someone already mentioned and they were right . Boettner does say that the Greek Orthodox Church does not use icons , well ask any Orthodox or consult with Timothy Ware 's book `` The Orthodox Church '' and you will see otherwise . Also , firsthand experience tells me the Orthodox still use icons , but I urge you to check this out for yourself.From the chapter on the priesthood I have a feeling he did n't understand anything about the Catholic priesthood.So far as I 've read , this is shoddy scholarship at best and bearing false witness at the very worse.I urge all Christians out there again to check his sources . Remember this , you will have to account before God for your belifs on Judgement Day.BTW , I 'm not Catholic , I 'm a Protestant who is not close to joining the Catholic Church .
 If you have ever wondered where the `` facts '' about Catholicism published by people like Jack Chick and Tony Alamo came from , you have found the place . Boettner 's book helped me to understand why some of my non-catholic friends thought Catholics worship Mary and statues and pictures of Saints . Boettner , himself swimming in a sea of ignorance , while perhaps well-intentioned , leads others into this sea of ignorance . Boettner would do well to check the REAL facts , as would Chick and Alamo . If you want to know the Truth about The Church founded by Jesus Christ , the Roman Catholic Church , contact a priest , catechist or someone else who is knowledgeable about The Church , read Karl Keating 's Catholicism and Fundamentalism , is is also available through Amazon.com
 Poorly written with little scholarly merit or research value ... just validates the theory that a good majority of fundamentalists are more concerned with discrediting Catholic tradition than they are about justifying their own flawed religious beliefs ...
 Boettner is good at explaining modern Calvinist perspectives on double predestination , but his presentation of Catholicism , past and present , has no basis in history or reality.The best sources on Catholic doctrine are Catholic sources like the Catechism of the Catholic Church , the Second Vatican Council , the Council of Trent , the Lutheran-Catholic Joint Declaration on Justification , and so forth .
 I read this book some 30 years ago . I was then reading a lot of Catholic and Protestant books . It did n't take me long to discern that his book was trash then , and it is still a heap of trash today . Basically , it is a book of lies and a playground for the devil . It demonstrates how low an obstinate and foolish Protestant will go to attack the bride of Christ . Read Matt 7:21 -23 .
 This book is so bad it makes me worder if Loraine was even an actual christian or even ACTUALLY studied church history . This man obvously has a problem with authority and thinks hes holy enough the interperate the bible on his own . If Sola Scriptura was true then there would n't be 30,000 denominations who all claim to goto `` scripture alone '' yet all come out with outrageous different theologys and doctrines from each other . This proves that scripture alone is not enough and the apostle Peter in his epistle says that `` no scripture is a matter for PRIVATE interperatation '' .
 This book is fiction . Sad fiction at that . Ridiculous fiction actually . Note the dearth of footnotes or authoritative quotes . This book was written by a man who was clearly an anti-Catholic bigot -- often times for people who are on the same ungodly road as the author was on until he passed away and came face to face with his judge -- Jesus Christ.This book is such a horrible fabrication of hatred and lies that I truly wonder about the spiritual and intellectual health of those who actually recommend this fetid work.Don ' t waste your time . This is sewage . You can read these sorts of lies on the web for free ...
 If you read this , be sure to also read `` Catholicism & Fundamentalism '' by Karl Keating . -LRB- at the very minimum , read Chapter 2 of C&F , which deals specifically with this book . -RRB-
 I bought this book to help me rationalize my decision to leave the Catholic Church . -LRB- This is a review of the hardcover edition -RRB- Instead he and Tim Lahaye drove me back into the Catholic Church.On page 7 ande 8 of the introduction he gives a list of `` Catholic heresies and inventions . '' As ignorant of the faith as I was at the time I realized that this list was just outright wrong.Through out the rest of the book he resorts to innuendo and outright lies to present a case against a strawman church that exists only in the minds of the most die hard anti-Catholic bigots.Some examples.On page 83 he states that the Catholic Church added the 7 Deuterocanonicals , but ignores the fact taht the Jewish Allexandrian Canon existed for over 700 years before the Bible existed.On page 92 in the chapter on Tradition , he sates that the Bible condemns tradition while ignoring the fact that Paul told Timothy to hold fast to Traditons.One of my favorite errors is on page 235 when he is discussing Papal infalliability . He states correctly that the Pope must be speaking `` Ex Cathedra '' but in the footnaotes makes is seem that the Pope must be literally sitting in his Papal chair , instead of the `` Seat of Authority '' of his office.The rest of the book is filled with much of the same.If Boettner had done the tiniest bit of research maybe he might not have presented some of these , maybe.If it was n't so sad it would be funny . If you read anything you should read Karl Keating 's book `` Catholicism and Fundamentalism '' it serves as a great counterpoint to this shameless anti_Catholic bigotry .
 Lots of out-right lies about the Church , completely undocumented naturally , plus some shaky theology added in . It 's best to trust pretty much nothing found in this book , unless you 've some some INTENSE fact-checking first.If anyone takes Boettner 's pseudo-Christian snake-oil seriously , I beg them to contact me so that I can help them out ...
 The author displays a complete disregard for the teachings of the Catholic Church -LRB- either pre-Vatican II or post-Vatican II -RRB- and instead offers recycled stereotypical nonsense of Catholicism offered by the same pseudo-religious Protestant preachers who seek to discredit the Church.One might actually gain a better knowledge of the Catholic Church by reading : a -RRB- The Bibleb -RRB- The Catechism of the Catholic Church -LRB- Something that the author of this book has obviously not done -RRB-
 If you come anywhere close to this one , better have your theological library nearby .
 I first picked this up 15 years ago more to get it off the shelves of the used bookstore than to actually read it . I already knew its reputation then but I did try glancing through it . By the time I hit the infamous list of lies he cobbled together , the book was already getting unwieldy with all the post-it notes I 'd put in with refutations to the flat out lies the author tries to pass off as facts , never mind all the cases where he took something that might have resembled truth if in the right light and twisted it to an extent that the last vestige of accuracy was lost in the swamp of fiction and bigotry present in the mind of the author .
 Wow , what can I say ? Totally ignorant , very very poorly done or just plain intentional lies to mislead people . Even those people who do n't have any faith affiliations and atheists will find this book beyond poorly researched.I totally get it if one 's own or other christian denomination 's interpretation of the Bible is different from Roman Catholism and her teachings but when people -LRB- especially this book -RRB- intentionally MISREPRESENTS , fabricate lies that the other Church TRULY teaches , it borders bigotry and hatred which is against the 9th Commandment of God , `` Thou shalt not bear false witness against thy neighbor '' . Please for humanity 's sake ... read a lot of good historical books specially the other 's side OFFICIAL teachings and not just from some disgruntled priest , nun or unverifiable source and lastly ... be honest !
 I read this bad book , here in Brazil.This book is an anti-catholic diatribe.This book is fake , ridiculous , outdated , biased , etc. A typical exemple of anti-catholic fraud is the caluny in this book , claiming that in XIII Century , a catholic concily in Valencia Spain put out of law , to read the bible by catholics.Nonsense.This concily never happended , at first because Valencia , Spain was under islamic control in XIII Century.At second the bible used in middle ages had 76 books.The `` bible '' adopted by almost all protestants sects , was produced first in 1629 and has 66 books.No catholic concily in XIII Century , could put out of law to read a bible knowed only in XVII Century!The level of arguments of this bad book , never is above the ground.This book is now outdated.This bad book was writen in 1950 decade , being now outdated.To exemple , this book is against use of latin , on catholic mass!Why I 'm not giving only one star for this bad book?Because this book , is the root of modern anti-catholicism . If you read the anti-catholics books from Jimmy Swaggart , Billy Graham , etc. and read this bad book , you will see , how many anti-catholics plagiarisms supposed `` from God '' are in fact , from this trash-book .
 If it were n't for the misinformation and outright lies , I wonder if there would be anything left to this book . Boettner 's depiction of Catholism and Catholics does n't square with the practice or history of the Catholic faith . Go elsewhere for useful information . 1 star is too many in this case .
 The title misrepresents this book . One thinks they are getting a better knowledge of Catholicism . This book is untrue . The author is an uniformed person who for some reason wants to lash out at the Catholic Church .
 This is an ill researched and prejudiced account of the Catholic faith . Many accusations , lies , and half-truths are jumbled together to try to shine a negative light on Catholicism .
 I 'm a catholic apologist and even though there are holes in this book `` big enough to drive trucks through '' , the fact remains that , in my experience , many of our protestant bretheren still use the stuff in this book . I do n't know why but they do . And so , you need to to know all the `` bad '' arguments that they will come up with and this book has them all . Some of it is pretty funny . Anyone who wants to defend the faith should get this book.If you need answers to this book , you can check out , `` Catholicism and Fundamentalism ... '' by Karl Keating . He goes through `` Roman Catholicism '' piece by piece . I gave this book one star because of all the reasons listed in the other reviews above . He does quote pretty accurately -LRB- assuming he has a source at all -RRB- , but he quotes all of it out of context . So be prepared .
 I can understand that a book written by a person who is not objective can be a bit slanted . This book , however , is terribly inaccurate in its representation of Catholicism . Whatever your reason , If you are trying to get information on the Roman Catholic Church , I suggest you look somewhere else . There are too many inaccuracies and complete `` nontruths '' for this book to be taken seriously .
 No , I am not Catholic , but after looking at this book I have realized that it is nothing more that a book full of lies - thousands of items and quotes taken out of context so that they seem to be the truth . This book has been turning devout Christians against their faith for a long time and I think that it is time for that to stop . DO NOT BUY THIS BOOK UNLESS YOU WANT TO BURN IT . As a Christian we should strive to build each other up no matter what the doctrinal differences are - so this book is a piece of trash .
 A book that has become famous -LRB- or infamous -RRB- for the way in which it misrepresents the faith of Catholics , particularly by making false and misleading claims without support or references . Boettner presents Catholicism as HE understands it , without any real effort to ask real Catholics why they believe what they do , and cites as sources many ex-Catholics , ex-priests and ex-nuns . Sadly , many people have taken this book at face value , without bothering to look any further , and have grown up with a vision of Roman Catholicism which is hideously wrong . A book which has been refuted over and over again for its bias , and which should have gone out of print a generation ago .
 Boettner either lies or he 's incredibly naive . Ask him for his sources . Sources which do not exist ...
 After hearing the author 's name bandied about , I decided to read the book for myself to see upon what her feelings about the Catholic Church were based.I must say that this is one of the finest collections of nonsense I have ever read . As a life-long Catholic , I must say that her book betrays a fundamental -LRB- no-pun intended -RRB- ignorance of the true history and nature of Catholicism . The author describes a Catholicism based upon her own misconceptions -LRB- and those also held by her fundamentalist colleagues -RRB- rather than the reality of the Church itself . This distortion is not surprising , as the purpose of the book is to foster the author 's own personal point of view by castigating an institution which , while flawed -LRB- as any human endeavour is flawed -RRB- is Christianity.Even worse , the book also shows a fundamental ignorance of the Bible and contextual scholarship itself ; rather the author twists and parses words and phrases to suit her own purposes without.The author would do well to actually read and understand the Bible . Perhaps she would better understand what Roman Catholicism and even in a broader context , all of Christianity is about .
 Mr Boettner 's book has absolutely no basis in the real world . I think it is safe to say there are factual errors on nearly every page , and even when he does get it right , he often distorts the facts . Catholics should read this just to see how far anti-catholics will go !
 Out of all of the really bad and misinformed anti-Catholic books out there , this has to be one of the worst researched , worst presented books ever ... one of the most dishonest , unintellectual books out there . If you read `` Catholicism vs. Fundamentalism '' by
 This embarassment of a book has been completely and irrefutably debunked byCatholicism and Fundamentalism
 I bought this book in hard cover at a Protestant book store and was surprised at the low price . Apparently , they print them cheap in order to get them in the hands of as many people as possible ? I started reading it and had to stop -- it was so full of lies and inaccuracies -- it insulted my intelligence .
 When researching a subject one much read each side 's point of view . Those who believe that the material presented in this book is an accurate representation of Roman Catholicism are mistaken.To truly learn about Catholicism why read a book by someone trying to refute it ? Why not then read accurate information about Roman Catholicism such as the Catechism of the Catholic Church -LRB- CCC -RRB- . The CCC is cross referenced with the Holy Bible so one can read the Roman Catholic side of the argument.If in the end one still disagrees with the teachings of the Roman Catholic Church , at least that person went to the source for accurate information.For a side trying to refute a theory or in this case religious denomination it is unethical as a scholar to present a presentation of your opposing theory in what can be proceed as an unbiased way.In short if one wants to learn about Roman Catholicism go to the source , in this case the Catechism of the Catholic Church . If one wishes to learn about Fundamentalism one can read any number of works by several educated Fundamentalist writers.This is a poor work . -LRB- Also a note should be made that not all Catholics who believe in Papal succession and the Mass are `` Roman Catholics '' or Latin Rite Catholics ; there are over 20 liturgical rites in the Catholic Church . Around 97 % of Catholics are of the Latin Rite .
 I bought this book because it was given either one or five stars . So I thought it must be very -LRB- ! -RRB- controveral . If you are looking for a scholary insight in catholic theology , you will be at the wrong place . You can get better books on this subject by evanglical scholars . I highly recommend the book of John Armstrong -LRB- ed . -RRB- `` Roman Catholicism etc '' . To get catholic theology right read catholic sources and compare it with the evangelical view . If you do this you get some new ideas and possibillities to interpret scripture . Especally if you compare the modern evangelical thoughts with the Early Fathers . There you can see protestant errors , but also catholic errors . For an honest seeker of information this book is too polemical , but it is not as bad as some of the -LRB- fundamentalist -RRB- catholic rewiewers said .
 This book is full of problems -LRB- like implicit christological errors -RRB- , but my favorite errors in it are the historical ones.The best example regards the use of icons . Boettner mentions the iconoclastic controversy which ended with the Seventh Ecumenical Council -LRB- Nicaea II -RRB- , then goes on to say that one of the chief issues dividing Catholics and Eastern Orthodox today is the use of icons
 As a biblical scholar of sorts , I thought that I would find some interesting arguments in this book . However , what I actually found was a book FULL of claims with virtually no referencing to sources . This book is such a farse of intellectual trash that it does not warrant reading.The sad fact is that this book tells you less about Roman Catholicism and more about fundamentalist bigotry . His list of Catholic inventions is a ridiculous attempt at scholarly insight and he actually has factual errors in the list . Some dates are totally wrong and other `` inventions '' can be seen in practice long before the `` invention '' date , even in non-Catholic writing ! Mr. Boettner , thank you for retiring . When you eventually pass on , I hope the anti-Catholic sentiment of your work passes with you .
 Kazin in his 1942 assessment of Faulkner 's writing as `` incoherent and ungrammatical '' is completely without merit . Any literary scholar with a basic understanding of linguistics can see the importance of Faulkner 's writing not only as a genre , but as a launching pad to further understanding of his complex and cherished characters .
 I am upset that I had to give this author money . This book was required for school , and it is biased . Schneider attacks the Bush administration often . This is ridiculous , there should be both sides in a school book .
 This book is a good example of why public health has become irrelevant to the average citizen . The content was biased and relied heavily on progressive philosophy . Public Health should be integral to improving and restructuring the health care system . The content is replete with accusations and blame for poor funding and indifference to purpose . Any discipline should be able to define itself and provide a realistic scope of objectives , goals and services . The author 's conclusion was that legislation and education were the primary functions of public health in America . -LRB- More taxes for that ?! -RRB- The system has not adapted to current problems and needs since the later 60s . Practical application was nonexistent in the 80s and 90s and accounted for lack of funding . AIDS should have been a reawakening for public health professionals but they were paralyzed with fear of creating offence or lacking `` compassion '' for the gay community . Too many academics , unable to define purpose , strategies and practical application . AIDS is a public health problem and should have been treated like TB , venereal disease , and the many others!The book was expensive and my daughter 's professor taught only the standard line contents.The assignments were unchallenging and lacked creativity . No wonder , students see future employment options only as PHDs and researchers . How exciting.This is a critical time for public health with many opportunities and possibilities , but professors , you need to come out of the classroom and perhaps definition , scope and purpose may become clear to you .
 Biased garbage . Poorly written and full of irrelevant statements . Liberal slant throughout entire book .
 I am embarrassed that I even bought this book . The first one was strangely compelling , and I found the second one on sale cheap , but I should have honestly stopped there.There is nothing really scary about these `` bodies . '' They are weak and decaying . A few well-placed molotov cocktails applied regularly would have finished this series at book two -LRB- or sooner -RRB- . Presumably the bodies are not reproducing . Eventually , efforts at getting rid of them would pay off.There is nothing scary about this book , that is , except the hypnotic repetitiveness of the narration . If I read one more time the long , drawn-out explanation of why the bodies were amassing near the survivors , I think perhaps I might have turned into a zombie-like creature myself.I remain flabbergasted that so many people appear to have thought this book was worth 4 + stars .
 I just finished the third volume of David Moody 's zombie series `` AUTUMN '' . I must admit to being somewhat excited after reading the 1st book in the series , but ultimately this entire series was a complete disappoinment . Here 's why
 Not funny . Mildly entertaining , at best . I found myself just wanting to be done with the book already . Sedaris was a genius with `` Naked . '' Nothing else he has done compares -- and `` Corduroy and Denim '' just takes him further away .
 I loved most of Me Talk Pretty One Day , so after reading that , this has been a disappointment . I actually agree with one reviewer that a lot of the stories are `` icky . '' Maybe he 's running out of subject matter , and so is straining to find humor in some unpleasant and/or bizarre memories . To call Anne Franks ' family 's hiding place `` adorable '' ? Oh , please . I think the only LOL essay in the whole collection is `` Six to Eight Black Men . '' Sedaris has been very prolific , so maybe he just needs a long break to refill his creative well .
 Some excellent stories near the beginning of the book , but there was creepy/questionablecontent toward the end of the book that I guess we were supposed to think was funny?I was left wishing I had n't bought the book and would not buy from this writer again .
 I do not read porn . I do not want to read porn . The sample provided was of a lovely book . The book has explicit sexual acts graphically explained . I deleted the book off my kindle .
 Most of the stories are well written , but most are introspective and not all that funny . I wanted to laugh like I did reading me talk pretty one day .
 Why is this book on a best-sellers list ? I had to literally force myself to finish it , and was gravely disappointed . The writing is poor , filled with metaphors that just do n't work . The reviews on the back cover also claim that it is `` hilarious '' ? I 'm sure they did n't actually read the book . So for anyone who wants a good autobiographical book , read Augusten Burroughs , Running With Scissors , Dry , and Magical Thinking ; David Sedaris does n't even compare to Burroughs .
 I guess I expected humor . Instead , it was a downer . I made it thru about a third of the book and gave up .
 How very deceiving the other reviews have been ! I wonder if the author or his friends posted them . I read them and bought the book thinking it might offer a humorous side on the everyday life of Americans ... I was very disappointed . I could not even smile . Grotesque , in some parts ourtight disgusting ... miserly low class American life ... at its worst . No wonder the author moved to Paris , although I do not doubt that `` the city will always follow him '' ... If he has read the Greeks , he will know whom I am referring to ... Do n't waste your money on this one .
 After reading an essay by David Sedaris online and liking it , I checked out this book from the library . I was eagerly anticipating an enjoyable read . Unfortunately , while going through a few of the essays I found them to be-as I see others have pointed out-very vulgar ; so I stopped . If it were n't for his inclusion of such lurid sexual and profane content-content that detracts from the author 's talent-it 's possible I would enjoy his work .
 I wanted to like this book . It is intelligently written , insightful , and humorous . The author 's shrill , mean-spirited stories however , made me unable to recommend the book . I think we all know this guy from college . The smart , witty one who seemed like a lot of fun at first but grew so tiresome you wanted to run away from . Remember him ? The one with those insightful comments about everyone . The negative comments about everyone that grew mean when he would n't stop . The guy who had something bad to say about everything and everyone . By second semester you would try to avoid being around this guy . By the second chapter , you 'll want to avoid this book.Another theme that grated me was the `` I 'm a victim '' theme . He 's gay -LRB- so what -RRB- , his mother was an alcoholic , his father distant , his childhood was unpleasant because he was a geek , etc . . etc. . . Join the club dude ! Stop feeling sorry for yourself and move on.Finally , his insensitive portrayal of his sister who lives in squallier and collects trash for a living . It 's not funny dude , she needs help . She is mentally ill , not colorful and silly . I would dread your visits too .
 This book has been on my stack of `` to read '' books for ages , and I finally got around to it . He 's quirky and sarcastic , but overall I found the essays depressing and disturbing . I did n't find him or his family all that interesting . When he moved toward the more outwardly comedic , he also became more crude . It 's certainly not at all flattering to his family or others who find their way into his stories . I 'm sorry I bought it - wish I 'd just borrowed it from the library !
 Unfortunately , I am one of those readers who feels compelled to finish every book they start . I say unfortunately because I picked up `` Dress Your Family ... '' and started reading it based on my experience with Mr. Sedaris ' other novels . His wanderings through his childhood were less than engaging - possibly because they were no more or less interesting than most of my own . In fact I have a couple of friends with truly exciting childhoods whom I can recommend before he writes his next book . I believe Mr. Sedaris may have squeezed the last ounce of interest out of his family history in previous books .
 This book was a big disappointment . I became a huge fan of Sedaris ' work after reading `` Naked '' and `` Me Talk Pretty One Day . '' Both those books were hilarious and , sometimes , even touching . After thoroughly enjoying his prior work , I anxiously awaited his next . Unfortunately , `` Dress Your Family '' does not even come close to the standard set by his earlier books.In this book , instead coming across as the witty , insightful goof that often says what most of us wish we could 1 -RRB- actually think of to say ; and 2 -RRB- have the nerve to say , he now comes across as just negative , petty , and bitter . Unlike his prior books , I did not find myself agreeing with Sedaris ' insights , but instead feeling more like I just wanted to shake him and tell him to stop being negative and such a jerk . In his earlier books Sedaris came across as a man who loves his family but is able to point out there various quirks . In this book , he is so negative about everything regarding his family , it really does not appear he likes them very much and that they do not like him.Moreover , whereas Sedaris previous gave us humorous insights into his family -- to such a degree the reader could actually feel as though he was a part of Sedaris ' family or at least that he likes Sedaris ' family -- in `` Dress Your Family '' Sedaris ' focus on the negative becomes just depressing and provides none of the warm , fuzzy feelings about his family . When Sedaris writes about his mother 's dying , his sister-in-law 's inability to have additional children , his sister 's inability to hold a job , the reader does not laugh along with his family , but instead just gets bummed out.A couple of the stories in the book are still quite funny -- `` Six to Eight Black Men '' for example -- but as a whole , the book was not funny . I did actually laugh out loud several times while reading `` Naked '' and `` Me Talk Pretty . '' Such was not the case with `` Dress Your Family . '' Perhaps Sedaris has already used up all his amusing life stories in his earlier works and all that are left are the downers.My advice , read his earlier work . THAT work you will enjoy . I doubt you will enjoy this book .
 I like David and have seen him live . The beginning of this book was pretty good , but then I just lost interest . There were the occasional laugh out loud sections , but it seemed like they were n't coming often enough to keep me choosing this book over others . So I say it just was n't good enough .
 I recently bought Sedaris ' Carnegie Hall CD and thought it was hilarious . I am also an enthusiastic fan of This American Life and have loved his many contributions . This book proves that NPR highlights Sedaris ' best work and leaves the rest . Unfortunately this is a book mostly of `` the rest '' . I had a tough time finding any redeeming value in the story of his rickshaw hauling , trash picking sister and her ability to put out cigarettes with her bare feet . I was much more repulsed by the story of his budding homosexuality and the way he was able to coerce young , naked boys to sit on his lap.If I were to choose one word to describe this book it would be `` icky '' . Skip the ickiness and buy the CD . Or , better yet skip the expense and listen to This American Life . It 's free and it 's his best material .
 Hated it!Sedaris shows us his dark side and his family 's dark side and it just is n't funny.The new stuff is a scream for help from a very depressed man . The old stuff is a scream , but I 've heard it all before . That 's what old means.Finally , it 's a hodge-podge . I was so disappointed . Love Sedaris , but hated it !
 David Sedaris was a huge disappointment this time around -LRB- I quite liked his others -RRB- . I found nothing remotely amusing . He seemed to ramble on most of his subjects without ever coming to a point . Just senseless babble . His whole family is clearly dysfunctional to the point that it 's NOT funny . He needs Prozac the size of a grapefruit .
 I have read Sedaris in Esquire and GQ , specifically , The Rooster at the Hitchin ' Post and `` Put a Lid on It '' , both of which I thought , and still do , to be quite well written and very funny ... and this was the reason for purchasing the book . `` Baby Einstein '' and `` Nuit of the Living Dead '' were really good as well.That said , what the book did for me was make me feel fairly good about myself , even on a bad day . If I was half this ineffective in life , venal and flat out soft , I would have killed myself before reaching puberty . It is n't so much that Sedaris is pitiful , or that one wants to hate him , it is just that his existence seems like a waste ... one that is recorded and categorized for history .
 The final chapter in this book tells a story about Sedaris torturing an animal . Regardless of the circumstances involved , including such material in a comedic work is brutally stupid and insensitive to readers . This alone has turned me from a Sedaris fan to a non-Sedaris fan.Besides that , the rest of the book was rather dull , rambling , often mean-spirited and completely unremarkable . What a let down after reading his previous works .
 I am unequivocally a Sedaris fan , but this book left me wondering if he really has much material left that worthy of being published . The strength of his first 2 or 3 books certainly earned him notoriety and a reputation for tongue-in-cheek prose , but the stories in `` Corduroy '' were simply dull and boring.I certainly ca n't recommend this book . Get `` Me Talk Pretty . . '' or `` Naked '' .
 I had to read this book for a book club and it was very difficult to get through . The story was all over the place and it just did n't have a flow and continuity to it . I enjoy Sedaris ' work and was shocked that I had such a hard with this book . Try it for yourself and let 's discuss .
 From great anticipation comes greater disappointment . I do n't even think that Sedaris was trying to pull together another set of unbearably funny stories . The settings and characters are certainly familiar , but here they are morbid , tepid , and even a bit contrived . His snaggletoothed humor is almost entirely absent ; I did n't even crack a smile . In fact , I found myself cringing a few times . Oy.Will I unhesitatingly read David Sedaris again ? Absolutely . I just wo n't suffer from the wait this time .
 Me Talk Pretty One Day was much more interesting . This was a little dry and drawn out . Had to retire it halfway through do to boredom .
 A huge fan has been let down . I found most of the stories sad - pathetic - depressing - and kept getting the creeping feeling that Mr. Sedaris is mining for gold in a place where all the nuggets have already been removed . One HUGE laugh in the chapter about snow in the Carolinas -LRB- his name for muddy snowmen -RRB- ; the chapter on his brother 's wedding was also hilarious . The rest were odd , creepy , and left me feeling somewhat dirty .
 Sedaris ' book is entirely too self-aggrandizing to rate as entertainment . Spare yourself from the temptation to buy.Lamar Nesbit
 If you think this book is good then `` Microwave Dreams '' should have won the Pulitzer ...
 This creature -- the racist homosexual is a quite perplexing to me . Sedaris is talented to a degree but ca n't seem to control his racism . His disrespect for people of color seems to seep out in other works and of course in this one it tends to come out sooner or later . The comments about how shocked he is to see `` white servants '' , how the snow fall in a town he lived in was so light that he and his sisters would try to make snow men but they would turn to mud so they &#8220; would name them snow negros &#8221; or how -LRB- in his other CD live at Carnegie Hall -RRB- he mentions while telling the Dutch myth about Santa Clause that `` most white Americans would barricade their homes and arm themselves with everything they had if they thought ' 6-8 black men &#8217; with or without Santa Clause would be entering their houses &#8221; . Other comments in his book include nonchalant remarks like , `` De-segregation seemed to drive all of the cool kids to go to the private schools . `` He reminds me a bit of Dave Savage , another gay man who makes racist or at the very least racially insensitive comments on a consistent basis.Yet these same individuals want acceptance and non-prejudice shown towards themselves ... humph . Sad but true and unbelievable.My humble advice -- avoid these types of hypocrites in print , film and your daily lives at ALL COSTS . If you must check out their so-called `` work '' &#8211; do what I did ... check it out at your local library so you wo n't be giving these hypercritical creeps one red cent of your hard earned money .
 ... but could n't bear to read another word . I 've neverread any other Sedaris work , and was a bit disapointedby this book . Too much talk about his sexuality for itto be funny -LRB- unless he 's trying to use his sexuality ashumor ; are we supposed to think the fact that he 's gayis funny ?? I think not -RRB- . I left my copy in a hotel room , perhaps the maidthere will see the humor in David 's cleaning servicestory - I sure did n't -LRB- utterly gross ! -RRB- I will try Me Talk Pretty ... since most people herespeak highly of it . I have heard from other folksthis guy is hilarious ... that remains to be seen .
 The wittiest parts are in the first 3 chapters . Other than that , do n't bother . This is the sad story of the product of a dysfunctional , estranged family who has many opportunities through gifts , trusts and other money sources to find his potential , get an education and make his contribution to society . Instead , through drugs , homosexuality and extreme self-absorbtion , he descends into a sad , wasted life . I regret buying this book . Again , do n't bother .
 This book is simply awful . With the exception of a funny bit about his redneck brother that shows up on disc 4 , this is just a sad story of a twisted individual . He goes on about his dyfunctional family , how he has urges to touch little boys on the head , playing strip poker with his naked and unsuspecting pre-pubescent friends , lying to his family , and all sorts of other wierdness . I thought this was supposed to be funny ... . instead it just made me sick . Save your money .
 The only good thing I can say about this book is that it gave me a lot of strange and scary things to ponder . The author rambles for several chapters , then takes the reader along for his silly interpretation of ` family ' life . If only the world were like him , he imagines that everything would be okay . Sedaris is flagrantly self-absorbed and immature . A truly disappointing read .
 David . If you 're reading this , I just want to say to take a day off for yourself without trying to contrive a story . Take a few . We as your fans wo n't mind because we know that if you took these days off you might actually come across one of those situations that really are funny without it seeming contrived . I like the stories about your youth , but then it makes me think you 're living in the past . I like the stories about Europe and Hugh ... try to focus on that - the stuff you 're doing right now , more . Get out more ... have some fun and talk to the little people . It would be good material.Everyone who says your latest book was absolutely fantastic is just trying to either get in your pants or flatter you . Or both . I paid full price for this book and I am unemployed ... . you ca n't imagine the disappointment I felt upon reading this silly story about ignoring Hugh so you could listen to some idiots talk about a can of worms who survived an explosion but if only they could talk about it . Or the one where you got kicked of your house and did n't know it was because y our father disapproved of your sexuality . Save that for the after school special , babe . This is so far below your ability . I only laughed a few times because this book contained a serious depletion of humor in comparison to your previous books . ANd I thought you were progressing , that you had made the breakthrough and it was all uphill from here . Nope . This is far below what you 're capability . Take those days off , man !
 I and my friends have never got this type of writing . Maybe we are aliens , or maybe you have to be from New York or something . It alls seems very unconvincing from a human perspective . No one we know acts or feels this way . It 's like a Hollywood movie script where there are no parameters in reality . Surely humor is funny because it is based on actual human experience . Sedaris seems like he made the whole thing up . No one could have a family with this much dysfunction . I do n't understand the adulation and even Carnegie Hall readings . As I say , maybe it 's a New York thing .
 I had my idependent bookstore rush an order of Dress Your Family . I could n't wait until I got a copy . . NOW , I wish I had waited . It simply does n't pack the punch of David 's other books . Its routine . Its been done before . David is in danger of taking advantage of his many readers . He is clearly talented , but this book simply does n't take chances . I know he can do better than this .
 I have heard David Sedaris on National Public Radio and always really liked his stuff . He 's funny and clever , and I was really looking forward reading one of his books.But Dress Your Family in Corduroy and Denim is terrible . Most of the time it feels like he is confessing things he knows are reprehensible , but with a contemptuous adolescent , remorseless tone . It is perverse , really . As the narrator of the book , he says cruel , racist , petty things about just about everyone else he mentions in the book with no trace of humor or irony . I hate to say it , but he seems like just an ugly person.The book made me uncomfortable to read , and at the second reference to how surprised he was at seeing `` white servants '' , I took it back to the store . There are too many inspiring , challenging books in the world to waste time reading something like this . I ca n't speak for his other books , and I still like him on NPR , but pass on this one , friends .
 Received the book as a gift from my mother . I echo the concerns of other disappointed readers . Only `` 6 to 8 Black Men '' made me laugh out loud . He paints his family in an unusually unflattering light - I grew weary of reading about how much coffee and wine his mother drank . The story about Anne Frank 's apartment seemed out of place.Still , I recognize and respect what went into the book , and , like another reviewer , find it provocative . I 'm not willing to abandon Sedaris based on one book . And I hope to experience the audio version .
 I am open minded enough to see where some people would enjoy this . I 'm a fan of dark comedy , but I need a little more kindness and a little less indifference and a little more depth and humanity than the Sedaris family exhibits . Fans of the movies `` Happiness `` and `` Welcome to the Dollhouse , '' would probably enjoy Sedaris . I find him interesting , but depressing . I did laugh hysterically at the 6-8 black men story . That was a big relief after the selfish , sad lives I kept reading about before that story came up about 2/3 of the way into the book .
 Rehash . A few fun moments , but we 've been here before . I wish Sedaris would apply his wit to new material . This just seems like a scheme by publishers to squeeze a few more dollars out of a very profitable franchise . Damn shame . We fans deserved better .
 I see that there are some mixed reviews of this new book - ` Corduroy and Denim ' and I come down on the critical side . I must qualify this by saying that David Sedaris ' other books are the funniest that I have ever read . ` Me Talk Pretty ' had me in stitches , belly-laughing the whole time . The new book is more depressing than funny . Also , it seems to me that David has gone from integrating his homosexuality -LRB- and sexuality in general -RRB- into the stories as a contextual element to using it as graphic focus that is not particularly funny . With that said , I wonder if gay readers find more humor in the more explicit style - maybe I am just not the target audience for this book ... Anyhow , I love Sedaris and hope that his next book goes back to the laugh-out-loud style .
 I was under the impression from just about every review of this book , that it was humorous in many ways , so I figured I 'd give it a shot . I was WAY off . Its not funny at all , and its more like an autobiography of the difficulties the author had growing up as a homosexual . There were few instances where I could even chuckle at the writting and although I will admit the author has some talent , the book should not be marketed as a funny bunch of essays , it is a straightforward , somewhat depressing , look at a difficult life .
 Like many fans of his essays , I eagerly awaited the arrival of `` Dress Your Family '' in print . However , this anthology has proven a series of disappointments.The first disappointment was in realizing about one-third of the essays had already been published in `` Esquire '' or `` Gentleman 's Quarterly . '' As I subscribe to both magazines , it was a blow to see the same essays on offer . In essence , Sedaris gets paid twice for the same effort if one buys this volume.The second blow came in the length of the essays . Most could be read in ten to fifteen minutes , hardly enough time to engage me as a reader and fully draw me into his idiosyncratic family.The death knell for this volume came in the few essays where Sedaris takes the spotlight off the doings of his family and focuses on himself . It 's not endearing or quirky or cute to read of Sedaris 's inner turmoil as a grown man to touch the back of the head -LRB- or any part , for that matter -RRB- of a small boy . Such an admission is very shaming to read . His alleged ruminations during a tour of Anne Frank 's hiding place are lamentable.It may be assumed that I did not spend money on `` Dress Your Family . '' If I had , the waste would have been my fourth -- and largest -- disappointment.Sedaris can do better . Or , as some have proposed , perhaps the well of family anecdotes is running dry .
 I have waited anxiously for any new work from this usually-hilarious author and made the mistake of buying his newest book as soon as it came out . It seems Mr. Sedaris may be going through a midlife crisis as the majority of the stories were very introspective and not at all funny . I was left with a feeling of sadness instead of the usual uplifting I recieve from the view of his unusual family and love lives . I would NOT recommend this to anyone looking for an amusement .
 One of the things I just do n't get about David Sedaris is his uncanny ability to recycle . Must be a greek thing.You will have definately read at least half of these stories somewhere else if you are at all familiar with Sedaris.It 's resissued , repackaged Sedaris.Me Talk Pretty One Day , is a much better read .
 I am a huge Sedaris fan but was very disappointed in this book . First off , as a fan , I had already read half the stories put together here in magazines . Secondly , they just are n't as funny as his earlier works . Sedaris needs to broaden his horizons or if he insists on sticking to the same subjects over and over , work harder to make the stories funny . It 's sad when you see great writers getting lazy .
 I am a HUGE Sedaris fan . Can say he is my favorite author . Have paid to see him speak any chance I can get . This book disappointed me . Not as funny as the others and the only `` laugh out loud '' moments I had were reading the two chapters I had already read . `` The Ship Shape '' I heard him read over a year ago in Redwood City , CA , and another chapter - Paul 's wedding chapter - I had also read somewhere but ca n't remember where . I was very disappointed . Looks like he 's lost his touch .
 of people you might not even find so intersting . Maybe I just overdosed on his family stories in the much funnier first two books . I feel his well has run dry . I would classify Sedaris as a writer of Books for people who dont really like reading ... Or only like easy stuff but are too hip or think they are too hip to read Bridget Jones type of books . Even Alain de Botton is much more creative . . Time would be better and more satisfingly spent by reading Julian Barnes , Michael Cunningham , Anne Tyler , Jane Smiley , and Chekhov 's , John Cheever 's or John Updikes stories .
 Let me start out by saying David Sedaris is one of my favourite writers . I had been anticipating this new book for quite some time , and sadly to say , I was terribly disappointed . Previous efforts -LRB- ` Naked ' , ` Me Talk Pretty . . ' et al -RRB- have caused me to laugh out loud in inappropriate places . Often . Even on repeated readings . With the exception of `` six to eight black men '' -LRB- about christmas in another country -RRB- which is very funny , the most I could muster was a smile for about half the essays . Several stories were downright unappealing , Especially `` chicken in the henhouse '' and `` the girl next door '' . Both had an underlying theme relating to fear of being accused of pedophila . Both left me feeling kind of creepy . If this was a first effort , perhaps I would be more forgiving . All in all it 's not a bad book . I just expected better . I 'm still a fan , for now ...
 i tried reading it , and made it about 3-4 pages . i 'm pretty sure that 's a bad sign . i seem to recall mr. sedaris writing about his mother 's bedpan or something . the impression i instantly got was `` BEEP BEEP ! PRETENTIOUS YOUNG WRITER PEDDLING SO-CALLED BAD CHILDHOOD EXPERIENCES FOR FAME , MONEY AND SYMPATHY . '' guess what , mr. sedaris ? i do n't give a -LRB- expletive deleted -RRB- about your so-called bad childhood . millions of people have bad childhoods and do n't play the sympathy card . check out augusten burrough 's books , they manage to have humor and touching moments without this kind of pretentious style .
 I did n't find this book too interesting . It felt like I was reading a random stranger 's blog . If that 's the type of thing you enjoy , then read * real * blogs - they 're free . It 's hard to connect with Sedaris , even after reading the short stories .
 Clearly , he is out of material . The essays in this book can be only a few pages long ; that would be forgivable if they were funny . He 's lost his edge , I guess . Maybe he should 've waited a little longer before he came out with this one . However , all his other books so far are hysterical - especially Holidays on Ice .
 I despised the essay/story called `` Possession '' and felt that Sedaris has dropped to a disgraceful level of insensitivity . I ca n't find anything even remotely humorous about the Holocaust . I 'm not at all saying he thinks the Holocaust is funny but I do n't joke about it like I do n't joke about slavery , wars or other examples of man 's ability to become sadisic monsters . Who knows , maybe Anne Frank finds it funny from somewhere beyond the grave but I ca n't . I , too , have been to Anne 's secret annex in Amsterdam . It was a place to mourn and a reminder to not be hateful in our own lives . I loved `` me talk pretty '' and even liked the quirky , selfish character he portrays himself to be but the stories in this book are bland and that single story made me feel immensely sad .
 I used to wonder what all the hype was about . Now I know . Not much . David Sedaris has had a not atypical suburban kid life - he grew up alienated from his parents and family , he went to college and did n't do as well as he might have hoped , he started using and then recreationally selling drugs , he cleaned up his act , and he moved on to bigger things . He 's got family members with quirks , and he 's gay . And he tells you about them.Before you get this book or any of his others , go get David Rakoff 's Fraud . I think Rakoff is superior to Sedaris here - Rakoff is a journalist so his subject matter is intrinsically interesting . Sedaris , if you do n't want to hear about his family , or you think he just sounds whiny , you 're out of luck . I was n't bored out of my mind so 2 stars seems appropriate , but that 's still 5 hours of my life I 'm never getting back .
 I followed this book and did everything it said with an open mind . The print is every bit as blurry as it every was before I tried the things in this book . I wanted so much for this to work , and I 'll try again , but after four months of daily applying the techiniques of this book , my vision did not improve the least bit .
 Picture the love child of Forrest Gump + `` Who Moved My Cheese '' + that recent Jim Carrey movie `` Yes '' - about a guy who decides to say yes to everything - and you pretty much get this book in a nutshell.Wanted to find value in this book because Homes has such a good rep. But either there 's something I 'm not getting , or the emporer really is naked . This was way too gentle to be satire -LRB- even the wacky LA health camp is treated respectfully -RRB- , way too silly to be taken seriously -LRB- hard to get more over-the-top than feral chihuahuas -RRB- , way too psychologically preposterous to be psychologically credible -LRB- are we really supposed to believe stereotypes like `` the beatnick author '' and `` the movie star '' ? -RRB- , and way too simplistic to offer realistic advice - go ahead , try saying `` yes '' to everything and see if you get heroism and movie stars ... or creeps & trouble!I get the moral - that living means more than just existing - and do n't dispute that it 's a worthwhile message . But I 'm going to stick with books like Dandelion Wine that preach the same message a lot more effectively and a whole lot more sincerely .
 A decent book that could have been great , Homes 's novel came off underbaked . Too many implausible plot lines that are hastily tossed in , incomplete , cookie-cutter characters , and a seeming desire on the part of the author to recreate the Los Angeles of `` L.A. Story '' sabotage an otherwise compelling story of a man who is trying to find his life again.Were this story focused on its characters more and their actual issues instead of attempting to impress readers with the flash and bang of its irrelevant events , this would have been a much more interesting book . Even the book 's title suggests that Homes did not have a clear grasp on the point of this novel , and she spends 384 pages wandering around the desert trying to find it .
 One more example of ther importance of connections to success . While there are some amusing things in this book , if you or I wrote it , it would never be published .
 This is the worst book I have read in a long time . The last thing I want to immerse myself in is the life style of the super rich and clueless in modern Los Angeles , complete with a staff to provide special `` health '' diets , a personal trainer , meaningless meditation retreats , $ 100K cars , and an all-white sex palace on the Malibu coast . The addition of walk-on parts for Bob Dylan and Gerald Ford only makes it more unreal . Nor to I need an unbelievable series of disasters , from sink holes to collapsing houses to freeway kidnaps to a Los Angeles firestorm to try to inject some plot into this unfocused story . As a straight novel , it is a failure . Some reviewers call it a satire , and perhaps that is a redeeming perspective , but the cover blurbs take this weird tale with amazing solemnity .
 The plot for this book - an old man improbably bumping into strange circumstances - is so thin and tiring that I suspect it was birthed by a four o ' clock a.m. game of slug charades . You should only read this book to : - stop you from looking at sleeping , drooling people - remind yourself that there are worse things than being trapped with your own thoughts - trick someone you hate into reading it -LRB- convince them to wait until the end -RRB- The book has
 Why do you have a review from Publishers Weekly that uses the wrong name of the author ? Seems someone is confused .
 I 'm not sure how to go about reviewing this book considering the fact that what Homes intends to do is incredibly ambitious - trying to satirize the life of a middle-aged wealthy financier undergoing a physical and spiritual crisis - yet the finished product can be described as luke warm at best . Many writers have done an admirable job delving into the mindset of this particular subset of individuals , but few have done it in a modern setting -LRB- the closest I can think of is Delillo in `` Cosmopolis , '' an equally luke warm novel -RRB- . The novel follows the life of Richard Novak , a wealthy trader who `` plays '' with money while being isolated from the world , and the events directly after a pain and/or panic attack he has in his large L.A. home . He comes out of the hospital realizing how alone he is and goes ahead and tries to reforge relationships with his estranged son and make new ones with an unlikely cast of characters - a wife who feels trapped in her marriage and goes to the supermarket to get away from it all , a do-it-all actor , a J.D. Salinger type writer who happens to be friends with Bob Dylan , a coffee shop owner who is a source of wisdom to all who come to him ... the list goes on . Many of the episodes are funny and entertaining , yet at no point do you ever see through this thin and somewhat weak attempt at looking at the pain isolation brings on those around you and inevitably to yourself . In many respects , the novel reminds me of some of Bret Easton Ellis 's early work - especially the Informers - because of the money and the drug/Hollywood lifestyle Homes writes about . There is something extravagant in the way the characters live , yet in many instances , they do n't notice at all . This may be the only fully successful part of the novel in that you can describe all of the characters as tragic in some way . Unfortunately , although they have interesting attributes and designations , they 're all kind of cookie-cutter in their own way . You almost get bored reading about them and go ahead and wait for a resolution that is so unsatisfying that it overshadows the strength of Homes 's prose , one thing that is a carryover from her short fiction -LRB- where , incidentally , I think she should remain -RRB- . All in all , this is the kind of book that makes you sad because you may very well have wasted a few days that could have been spent on something better .
 Ultimately , this book is frustrating . It drones on like our own mundane lives , except the characters in the book are unbelievable . Everyone is an exaggeration . Too rich , too full of themselves , too over the top , too self serving.The conversations are all meaningless , except maybe the one where Richard 's son tells him how he feels about their relationship.Even the ending of the book is unresolved and open ended.If you like reading for the sake of reading , I recommend it . If you 're looking for inspiration to change your life , do what the hero did ... walk out your door and open your eyes ...
 1 star is for very pretty pictures.I bought this book based on the other review and was disappointed to discover that this books pages consisted of little more than pretty pictures and the words '' _____ minutes to showtime '' on each page . I was really expecting more . Do n't see how that is an `` insightful new perspective of the first Christmas '' . There are lots of books about Christmas pageants . If I thought I was buying a picture book I might give it 3 stars . Although the pictures are lovely they do n't seem to tell a clear story for my toddler to understand .
 If you are looking for solid facts , this is not something you need to invest in . I agree with several other reviewers in that I noticed that the infamous Elizabeth Bathory had her name mutilated by the author as Bathroy and not just a typo ! Even though the Bathory issue was NOT a typo , I found several of those as well . Another thing that was in error was with the Susan Smith excerpt ... the author states that she drove her children into a river . I live in SC and know for a fact that Susan Smith drove her children into a lake . Horribly written with a lot of the word `` um '' in the pages -LRB- which I find very irritating -RRB- and what appears to be a lot of `` fluff '' that just is n't necessary . I am currently reading the book from the prospective that these are just stories and looking at the book that way makes it almost entertaining ... but still not factual .
 Great concept for a book , but not well executed . Too many typos -LRB- Countesss Elizabeth Bathory , the `` Blood Countess , '' is listed as having the last name of `` Bathroy , '' just as one example -RRB- , showing that the book was not proofread very well . The author also uses web sites and magazines for sources , many of which have erroneous information about these women.Better research techniques , and a decent editor would have helped immensely . I was very disappointed .
 No one is perfect but a non-fiction is no use if you can not trust the accuracy of the information in it . In Mistresses of Mayhem , Ms. Hornberger makes mistakes so blatant that it calls the whole book into question . One wonders if she did any research at all or just read up on the criminals on the Court Tv Website . She misnames Countess Elizabeth Bathory -LRB- the so-called female Dracula -RRB- as Bathroy . -LRB- No it is not a typo . It is spelled that way all through the book . -RRB- In the famous Diane Downs case already well documented by Ann Rule in Small Sacrifices and made into a tv movie seen by many , she misidentifies the daughter who died as Christie who might be surprised by this since Christie not only survived but testified against her mother . -LRB- Cheryl is the daughter who died but Hornberger describes Cheryl as testifying at the trial . -RRB- Simple proofreading could have corrected these mistakes . Good research would have made proofreading and this review unnecessary .
 I read this book and was sorely disappointed . As an avid true crime fan , I was very disappointed . This author had witnesses 's names wrong as well as pertinent facts about the case . I knew more than she did about most of the women she wrote about . Do n't waste your money unless you do n't care if the book is fact-based . This book was thrown together without any research , or so it appears .
 First off , I was amused at two authors for the book - Francine Hornberger and Francine Homberger . A quick check verified my conclusion that the letters `` rn '' must have appeared like an `` m '' so we have two variations of the same name , which is Hornberger in other booksellers ' Web sites . This is not a review as I did not read it . I subscribe to Zooba and had selected this title , based on its description alone , as one of the books on my list , but Zooba e-mailed me to let me know the book was no longer available . I then went to Amazon 's Web site to look into their price , but after reading these reviews I think I will not order it . That error in which of Diane 's daughters survived was particularly bad . Thank you all for taking the time to write your reviews and warnings . One thing I checked on the internet was Elizabeth 's last name and found Bathroy used in a number of sites , though more for the fictional character -LRB- such as in the movie Daughter of Darkness -RRB- based on the real person . One site mentioned the Brie family and included the name Lady Hera Bathroy , changling sister to Elizabeth , followed by Lady Elizabeth Bathroy Creed -LRB- my mother -RRB- . I do own Dracula Was a Woman
 I am sorry . It has to be most weakest in the series . An armored car is hijacked and hundred thousand looted and Lam 's nemesis Frank Sellers is suspected of withholding part of the money . There are dubious , ill-formed characters . Lam is not in his usual mettle and takes lot of abuse from the Police officers.Didn ' t enjoy it all . What to do now ? Which writer to go for ? HELP !!!!
 The title of my review is ' a fundamentally dishonest book ' ... and it is.This book is a collection of articles by various authors on the subject of the Ainu people.There is a political orientation to this book.The editors , and many of the authors , make much effort to debunk ` the Caucasoid theory ' . While there are a great many photographs of Caucasian looking Ainu people in existence from a century ago , there are very few such photos in this book , and I believe that is a very deliberate choice by the editors.Many of the authors make reference to the Ainu as having Caucasian appearance and yet the reader is left wondering what they are referring to when in the book nearly all of the pictures of Ainu are of Mongoloid appearance -LRB- these Ainu are obviously mixed with Japanese -RRB- .
 I would not recommend Phillipa Gregory 's much-hyped The Other Boleyn Girl . I 'm the sort of person who keeps reading a book that does n't make a good first impression , hoping it 'll improve . Some six-hundred pages later , I realized The Other Boleyn Girl never got good . Please do n't waste your time!Gregory summed up executions of significant characters with lines such as `` He was executed the next day . '' Nothing triggers any emotional response in the reader ! It 's extraordinary . It seems as though Gregory went out of her way to make this possible.Of course , it 's a matter of opinion . I simply found it to be void of anything of substance . I was n't made to care about the characters or how the events played out . And only sex carried the plot along!Also , I think a good amount of the book was from Gregory 's imagination , not historical facts . I 'm not trying to suggest Anne was never executed or she did n't have a sister or anything of the sort . And I know in this genre much is left to the author 's imagination and interpretation ; it has to be . It 's not as though there 's a record of everything that was said and done by everyone surrounding any given event in history . But Gregory herself , when asked how she researches for her books , said she first goes to secondary sources . She never mentioned using primary sources . Yes , they can be biased -LRB- if they 're from someone 's perspective they 're going to be -RRB- , but they 're first-hand accounts . Who better knows how something played out than a person who was in the middle of it , witnessing it?In addition , her dialogue is inconsistent . It 's ridiculously modern at some points , then flowery at others . I know it ca n't be written Shakespeare-style ; it has to be readable and understandable . But I think we could be a little more sophisticated ! No one said `` stuff '' back then , for example , as in , `` All this stuff is making me mad . '' She could n't work a little harder than that ?? If you want the stereotypical historical fiction whose foundation is built on fancy dresses , sex , and scandal , this soap-opera mimic is perfect . If you 're like me and want to learn something in the process , however ... As I 've made obvious , I was sorely disappointed . Just thought I 'd pass my warning along . I do n't want anyone else wasting his time !
 I was so looking forward to this novel - a somewhat trashy page-turner with an interesting historical backdrop . Well , it was n't a page-turner , and the historical backdrop was so far from believable that I had no interest . It was trashy and truly juvenile . Frankly , I 'm shocked that so many people have rated this novel highly . If you want a fun , trashy , historical page-turner , try Anne Rice 's `` Cry To Heaven . '' That was a guilty pleasure which I loved . `` The Other Boleyn Girl '' falls miles short .
 This book was the biggest crock of terrible historical fiction I 've even had the misfortune to read . A friend lent it to me , knowing of my love for all things Tudor . A waste of paper and time -- with each terrible page my blood pressure increased notch by notch . It was n't even well written ! By weaving her mis-information into this story , Ms. Gregory will only keep people whom are unfamiliar with Anne Boleyn 's life even more ignorant of the facts . Historical fiction does n't mean `` change the story around to whatever you want . '' I 've read some really great historical fiction where the author RESEARCHES the FACTS to try and tell a possible version of the truth . Not so here . So do n't waste your money . Why do authors find it necessary to write for the lowest common denominator ? It should have no stars .
 I did not begin reading this novel expecting anything other than an easy weekend read , but was more disappointed than I could have imagined . An educated reader knows that in historical fiction , real characters are blended with fictional ones , and events are created or recreated to advance the plot . If the plot and writing are good , then the reader may suspend the facts momentarily for the sake of the work . In this novel , however , the historical inaccuracy and writing are so far-fetched as to cause the reader to pause frequently , thus interrupting the flow of the story.If the book is about Mary -LRB- older sister , younger sister - historians in dispute -RRB- , we are not given a very accurate picture of her true nature . There are established facts about Mary , such as that she was considered loose and had affairs with several men -LRB- including King Francis I of France , who called her `` a great whore , the most infamous of all '' -RRB- which led to her dismissal from the French court . She was not the simpering dolt portrayed in the book.The other interuption for me was the language . In places the dialogue represented the crisp , well-versed language one would expect of courtiers , while in others I felt like I was overhearing 21st century teenagers at the mall . One pet peeve of mine is the overuse of a word or phrase throughout a work . I feel that the writer simply could not bother to think of other descriptors or was unable to . For example , Gregory uses the word ` sulk ' -LRB- not a bad word if used a time or two -RRB- and every other variant of the verb ... ` sulky ' -LRB- adj - not very good word choice -RRB- , and the worst ... ` sulkily ' -LRB- adv. - I was n't even sure these last two were real words - they are - but she uses this adverb form over and over . I actually wanted to go back and count how many times she used it . -RRB- Another instance of questionable usage was `` D'you ? '' This was always used in dialogue , and I do n't know if it was intended to be the recreation of a commonly used diction of the time . If it is not , it does n't seem to fit in with the otherwise learned , courtly , formal speech used in every other case . In actual speech the pronunciation of `` D'you '' is probably much the same as `` Do you . '' No where else is diction implied , so this contraction seems unnecessary and anachronistic.At best the reading of this novel may inspire readers to become more informed about the Tudor period and the actual historical effects of the events in the book , which reduces the history to a mere backdrop for the unseemly behavior of a greedy and two-dimensional family . There are some excellent websites devoted to this period . You may find the portraits of the actual participants quite interesting as well.Worse books have , of course , been written . For that reason only , perhaps this one deserves two stars - one and a half . Judging by sales , many people like Harlequin Romances . This book is probably a fair success on that level.Unfortunately , I ca n't recommend this book as anything other than a Harlequin Romance , complete with heaving bosoms , soap-opera dialogue , and predictable , static characters .
 I love books ! I buy them , I read them , I have difficulty loaning them out let alone giving them away . This book I will burn , if for no other reason than to spare another who might be tempted by the title -LRB- as I was -RRB- to expect a readable , historical , novel . I could forgive the historical inaccuracies if Ms Gregory had given some thought as to how they could propel the story , or if the characters were more than cardboard.Too bad there is not a rating below one star .
 I am astonished that this was published ... it 's truly awful , historically inaccurate . It reads like the author read a couple of books about the period , took notes and then forgot all the facts on record . Anne was the younger sister , for example . There is no record that she ever committed incest with her brother George . The early years at the French court are omitted , which provide an insite as to why the Boleyns began their rise to power .
 I would like to join other readers who have identified this novel for what it is
 I am surprised at so many positive reviews . The prose in this book is very poor quality , it 's simplistic , repeptitive and many times plain silly . It reads like a quick amateur effort . While I think that the autor is entitled to the right to fictionalize some characters or events , i ca n't understand why her language is so dismal .
 I am appalled by how many people thought this was a good book . If you are looking for fiction , fine , but this book should not be called historical if it is referring to Anne Boleyn . As I read the reviewers who rated this book four or five stars I realized that few of them knew anything at all about Anne Boleyn , Henry the VIII , the Tudor era , or even how to write a decent novel . Many other reviewers have delineated this book 's shortcomings -LRB- look for Carol 's review from August 2004 -RRB- so I wo n't go into it all , but there is one thing I do want to say . If you are a person who has read a book called historical fiction , I would caution you against reviewing that book unless you actually know something about the subject . It makes you - especially the reviewer who said she was a teacher ! - look like an idiot.There is nothing historical about this story except in a very broad way . If you want to know the true story and do n't want to read real history , then check out the BBC miniseries - `` The Six Wives of Henry VIII '' or the Richard Burton movie - `` Anne of a Thousand Days ''
 Today there are still jokes about how Anne Boleyn lost her head , but life as a wife of Henry VIII was no laughing matter . In The Other Boleyn Girl , Philippa Gregory gives a fictional account of Henry 's most famous queen from the perspective of her sister , Mary . Gregory tries to capture a sisterly dynamic understandable to contemporary readers . Anne and Mary are opposites in appearance and temperament ; loyal to one another out of obligation , not love ; and , we are told , lifelong rivals . Oddly , that rivalry never quite materializes here other than in spiteful and venomous words and feelings . While Anne seethes with ambition and resentment , Mary is too passive a personality to be a match for Anne , nor does she try to be . As portrayed , the conflict between the sisters is more petty than powerful.Gregory 's choice for Mary to serve as narrator , as though it were her memoir , detracts from the sense of history . A Tudor-era aristocrat like Mary does not seem likely to set her story down in such detail after the events have passed . It might have been more effective to frame the story as a researcher 's discovery of Mary 's journals and letters . When handled adroitly , this type of framing device can make the characters and story more immediate and less obviously fictional . Another alternative would have been the omniscient third person , which might have been more convincing . As it is , I could not suspend my disbelief in Mary 's voice , with its anachronistic nuances and sensibilities . She sounds more like a modern author than a 16th-century woman remembering the recent and difficult past.Therein lies another problem -- Mary never explains why she wrote all of this down , why she delves into such detail , or who she expects the reader to be . It might have made more sense if she had said she wanted her legacy to be the true story of her and her family 's role in Anne 's rise and fall , that she wanted her own name to be remembered , or that she was writing for her children and Anne 's daughter , the Princess Elizabeth . We never know her purpose , which is strange because we learn from her that the Boleyn family does nothing without a reason . Given how poorly Mary 's memories reflect on all the Boleyns and Howards , including herself , it become even more of a mystery why Gregory chose this format.The Other Boleyn Girl draws readers in the same way that 1980s night-time dramas drew in viewers . Never particular about morals and influenced by time and events , Anne becomes as ruthless and desperate for power as any soap villainess , with her family 's encouragement and support . Mary , once favored by king and family , is tossed aside when she proves to lack the will and desire to usurp the queen 's place . She chooses her own path , never losing sight of her rivalry with Anne and never envious of Anne 's sacrifices and sufferings.Historical inaccuracies aside , including details about Mary and her children , Gregory fails to capture the larger world in which the Boleyn drama was enacted . She refers to France and Spain and their rulers , and the pope , but the complexity of the world outside Henry VIII 's court and its politics is relegated to the background , brought forward in snippets only as needed . Henry himself is portrayed as hunting , gaming , and dancing from morning until night , with only an occasional concern for the kingdom 's business or for the intrigues of his enemies and allies . The world here seems narrow and confined because it is only the world Mary sees -- Mary , the other Boleyn girl who pretends to remain naive and who tries to focus on her own life , only to be drawn again and again into Anne 's drama.Gregory tries to use the story of the Boleyn girls to illustrate women 's issues during the 16th century . As Mary notes , women are only pawns in the marriage game , played to achieve position , power , and wealth . It 's clear , however , that men who lack power are pawns as well ; George Boleyn and Henry Percy are forced into miserable marriages . The lesson here is less about the vulnerability of women to the whims of men than about how people of both gender were played for power.Despite Gregory 's comments about the charges against the Boleyns , found in the book 's end matter , Mary witnesses -LRB- and , significantly , remembers in detail -RRB- enough clues to know whether Anne and George were guilty of the crimes for which they were beheaded . This is disappointing , because Gregory 's hints , if not her stance of ambiguity , ignore the logic and the politics behind the charges.Even at the end , Gregory misses an opportunity . Mary does not hear Anne 's last words and does not include them in her work . This makes no sense , as they were recorded and can be read today . Gregory fails to weave in the available documented details that would have added real-life drama and interest to the story . Why would Mary not reflect on the final message of `` the other Boleyn girl , '' given her inside knowledge of Anne and her willingness to write about her and the other Boleyns?With its compelling historical setting , The Other Boleyn Girl had the potential to be an engaging if inadequate and flawed historical fiction . Do n't rely on it , as I have heard some do , for your knowledge and understanding of Henry VIII , his court , or the Boleyns .
 This book was great for the first 200 pages or so , and at first I could not put it down , but after that it was all downhill . . the same things happend over and over again . . so much drama about such stupid things ! It became boring and predictable . It was hard to make myself finish this book .
 There is an unfortunate trend towards the quasi-historical in popular novels today , and some rather terrible books get written in order to cash in on it . The Other Bolyn Girl is one of these books - it could have been better , it could have been * great * - but it was damaged by lack of research , childish writing , and the author 's obvious purpose to cater to bored housewives and sex-crazed sorority sisters . If you 're looking for serious fictionalized history , this is not the place to get it . You 'll be disappointed . But if you need something to read on an 8-hour trans-Atlantic flight , then perhaps it 's almost readable .
 I think this would like to be taken as a plausible fictionalisation of history told from an unusual perspective but it 's really just a romance in fancy dress and hence not my cup of tea .
 I may be the only person in the world who did n't really like this book . And I tried ... I really did.This is actually the first Philippa Gregory book that I have read . It was the first historical fiction I read . It came highly recommended to me by a friend , this friend and I have so much in comment and I usually can trust her taste implicitly ... not so much this time . I know people have praised this book ad they are certainly entitled to their opinions . I know my feelings on this are extremely unpopular.I would love to give a good rationalization as to why I have such disdain for this book but unfortunately I ca n't . I want to say this I adore Philippa Gregory , despite my distaste for this one I did not let it drive me away from her books . And if you look you will see I have reviewed some of her other books and I gave them positive reviews . It 's not her as an author , it 's just this story ... even the best authors have a failure and that is this one . I am sorry to those enjoyed.I found it almost unreadable . The character development was shoddy and the story just felt like drug on and on and on ... it was borderline painful . Yes , there were historical inaccuracies -LRB- this is not the only story of hers that has historical inaccuracies -RRB- . I know most people who took issue with this book took issue with inaccuracies . Fiction will be fiction ... I get that . I just do n't like this book.I do not recommend this book to anyone but that 's just my two cents . This was a hard review to write considering my love and admiration for Philippa Gregory as a writer .
 TOBG is an appalling portrayal of Anne Boleyn and the real woman that she was . I think Anne would be horrified , disgusted and offended if she knew how modern novelists , such as Gregory , portray her . What irritates me is exactly what Alison Weir has pointed out - history in the Tudor period was so fascinating , you could n't make it up , so why do people invent things when surely Anne 's story is fascinating enough anyway?This book is also a monstrous betrayal of Mary Boleyn , and George . Mary would probably be mortified to see that she is portrayed as nothing more than a naive whore , when Weir 's research disputes that and suggests that she was in reality unlucky , whereas there is no evidence that George was homosexual . Philippa Gregory has disgraced the name of the Boleyns . Let us also not forget her horrible depiction of Jane Boleyn in `` The Boleyn Inheritance '' . And I 'm quite sure Katherine Howard would not appreciate being presented as a sex-mad bimbo when she was more probably naive than anything else . Disgraceful .
 This is just sloppy historical research . Gregory is a good author , I wo n't deny that but the fact that she sells this tripe as `` historical fiction '' is an insult to anyone who even does a surface amount of historical research .
 For a classier historical novel about the Boleyns , I recommend The Lady in the Tower by Jean Plaidy .
 This book reads like a romance novel and does n't have much depth . The characters are n't very well defined and they seem two dimensional . I 've read other much better historical novels than this .
 This book is so bad it 's virtually unreadable . Historical inaccuracies aside , this is simply a poorly written book . Please do n't waste your money ; hire any neighborhood 12 year old and they 'll write a better book for you than this .
 For over a year this book has appeared on my screen as a recommendation and no amount of correspondence can get rid of it . I finally decided to buy it and donate it to Goodwill . Then , I thought maybe an honest review would get the thing off my screen . I found a used copy and hated it at less cost . It is not an historical novel , it is a romance in an historical setting - like a Disney cartoon treatment of Pocahontas .
 First let me say that the purchasing end of this exchange was excellent . The book reached me promptly and was in fine condition physically . If only the writing were at least half as fine . The conversations sounded 20th century , not remotely 16th century . Nor did they sound like genuine exchanges among the Boleyn siblings but instead like devices to let the reader know explicitly what was going on in the palaces and historically . The author 's choice of starting with a wholly naive narrator -LRB- Mary in her early teens -RRB- and increasing her knowledge and perceptiveness was not unwise in itself , but was clulmsy in execution . She seems altogether too dense for too long , and even after she 's much more worldly still frequently demonstrates her `` cotton head '' . There 's no denying that the Tudor era was racy and dangerous . If this is the only book at hand on that subject , grab it and skim .
 I wish I 'd read the bad reviews first , because they 're all correct . This is a dreadful book , the kind you keep reading because you hope it 'll get better . It never did , and now I have lost too much time to Ms. Gregory 's desperate attempt at telling a story . Inaccurate , tedious , padded , silly .
 I did not like this book at all . In fact , I left it behind in a hotel in Britain hoping that someone else might find it more entertaining than I.
 I see from the other reviews here that I will be in the minority , but this may be the most moronic book I have ever read . If you care anything about history , avoid this book at all costs . Frankly , if you have any self-respect at all , avoid this book . I doubt my opinion will change the Cult of Philippa Gregory , but I feel compelled , by the very awfulness of this book , to speak my mind . It 's no more than a jazzed-up Harlequin Romance with a few historical references thrown in for kicks . Absurdity on every page and an insult to anyone of intelligence .
 I read this book when it first came out . I 've always been a huge Henry VIII buff and my favorite wife of his is Anne Boleyn . Needless to say , I was quite excited to read it . And then ... disappointment . It is entertaining to an extent , but if you know a lot about what is going on , and see how Gregory has totally butchered the historical facts , it is no longer entertaining . There are so many historically incorrect moments in here I can not name them all . Some examples , though , is that in the very beginning of the book , began in the year 1521 , we find out Mary is only thirteen years old . WHAT ?! In reality , Mary had been born before the 1500s even began ! At the latest , 1499 . She would have already been in her mid-twenties and already married and already having borne the king 's illegitimate kids ! Also , Mary is the youngest in the book , when in reality she was most likely the oldest with Anne being the youngest , George in between . Also , there is no mention of Mary 's having been Francis ' mistress in France before she returned to England . In the book , Mary 's son Henry is `` stolen '' by Queen Anne -LRB- which is ridiculous -RRB- . In the book , Anne and George have sex and conceive a deformed baby , which 1 -RRB- they never had sex . 2 -RRB- Anne never gave birth to a deformed baby . She had Elizabeth and then had miscarriages which were BARELY developed enough to tell the sex of the child . I was extremely disappointed with the blatant misuse of historical facts . When you read this , just remember , it is historical FICTION . Please do not take anything in this book as the actual historical facts because chances are , they are n't . But it 's nice to see that Gregory , an acclaimed historical author , took such a royal dump on Mary Boleyn and her story .
 As a buff of Tudor history , I was shocked from the first page how incorrect the information was . Mary was not 13 or 14 when she became the mistress of Henry VIII - and , accepted historical information indicates that Mary was the OLDER sister , not the younger . What happened to the years spent in France and her being mistress to the King of France ? Needless to say , just the first few pages frustrated me so badly that I ceased reading the book and shall not bother finishing it . This author has done a better job following historical information in some of her other books - I just ca n't imagine what happened here . And now , to think that the movie will project this information to people - but then , if they 're not history buffs , they wo n't know any difference . It 's like the cable series about The Tudors and the actor portraying Henry VIII is a scrawny little man instead of someone over 6 feet tall and well built ! Oh well - Anyway , I would not recommend this book to anyone for any reason .
 This book could have benefited from a good editor . Following the story of Mary Boleyn , sister to the famous Anne , and their rivalry , it had great potential that was somewhat squandered by repetitious dialogue and prose . We were `` told '' more than `` shown '' the sisters ' rivalry . After multiple pages of being beaten over the head with the words that they were jealous of each other and pawns in their family 's machinations , I was longing for more action scenes . I also thought the love scenes read like a cheap romance novel , not something I expected for a piece of historical fiction . The last 50 pages of the book had some real suspense , but even this was diluted . Mary 's daughter is taken by Anne to the Tower , where Anne awaits trial and execution , and Mary understandably fears for her . This interesting twist is diluted , however , by the assurances of Mary 's husband that no harm will come to the girl . All the suspense thus escapes like a pricked balloon.I think a full two thirds of this book could have been cut and the rest reshaped , and it would have made a good story . As it is , I would n't pay money for it . I 'd look for it in the library or borrow from someone .
 Many many reviews have been posted , and I will attempt not to repeat what has been said already.I can not comprehend the positive reviews of this trash . I am a lover of quality historical novels - Sharon Kay Penman and Jean Plaidy are mentioned by other reviewers ... Phillippa Gregory is in no way comparable . The Other Boleyn Girl is historical only in that it purports to take place a long time ago.Mary Boleyn is potrayed as THIRTEEN years old when she is engaging in witty repartee with king far too old and worldly to be legitimately interested in what she had to say . Indeed , in our world , Henry would have landed on a Nightline special . Well , we know what HE was interested in , but why would we , the reading public , want to read a novel romanticizing behavior which we claim to believe is criminal?And for some readon Gregory has chosen to distort history and represent Mary Boleyn as even younger than she probably was , and far more innocent . If we wonder why teenagers go on-line to flirt with and meet unknown older men , we need only look at is considered entertaining in a novel.The character of Anne is no more credible ... the author wold have us believe that powerful families intent on pimping a child to the king would listen to a 15-16 year old girls 's advice on how to accomplish its plan.Overall , the characters are more Sex and the City -LRB- I can see Samantha as Anne -RRB- than history . I read this nonsense for far longer than I should have , waiting for improvement . Then I gave up . Now I am stuck with this book as well as the sequel -LRB- which I have no intention of reading -RRB- . Both are destined for Half Price Books .
 Terrible book . The inaccuracies of the book that other reviewers point out do n't bother me so much . It is fiction . I am bothered by how the author writes and I felt zero interest in any of the characters . I read about 225 pages and had to stop . I just felt myself getting stupid with every page .
 I lost this book after about the first 50 pages . I think that I did it on purpose . If I want to read fairy tales I will go back to the Brothers Grimm .
 Maybe I know too much about Tudor England . The author 's placing Anne as the eldest sibling bugged me right off the bat , as I 'm almost positive most historians see her as the younger sister . Or , maybe I 'm too big a fan of the fascinating Anne to buy anything from boring cow Mary 's perspective , I do n't know . All I know is , I 've only read the first few pages and I 'm bored and turned off by this book . I should want to read it . I bought it . But somehow , I just ca n't be bothered . I recently read a book about Frida Khalo written from her jealous sister 's perspective , and it was -LSB- junk -RSB- , so maybe it 's bad vibes . Either way , this book is n't nearly as interseting as it 's title would suggest .
 The book prompted me to do some research into the historic facts and figures , and for that alone , I am grateful . As for the book itself , I was glad to be done with it . The characters had no development and seemed very one-dimensional . There were too many scenes that seemed redundant and too many conversations that kept reiterating the same points over and over . As a reader , I wished the author had respected me enough to allow me to make my own conclusions instead of beating me over the head with hers . How many times do you need to read about the treatment of the Boleyn girls by their family to grasp that they were a commodity rather than human beings ? I got it the first time . All the other references to the same point felt slightly insulting.I liked the details of life in court
 With so many BETTER books about the Tudor court available , why bother to read this flighty one that reads more like a cheap romance novel than historical fiction ? The dialog is insipid ; I do n't need the characters to speak in authentic period dialog , but I do need them to sound like the intelligent and well educated courtiers they were . I have n't read any of Gregory 's other work , but after starting with this book I wo n't be back . The best thing about the book is that it reads quickly and is over fast .
 Like many others who have read this book , I 've been fascinated by the Tudor era and have read quite a lot about it . I enjoyed the idea of a story written from the perspective of the sister and it was interesting up to a point , but then ... Anne Boleyn is portrayed as such a hideous harridan that it 's almost unbelievable that Henry VIII would have put up with her . Philippa Gregory has also taken every single accusation and rumor thrown at Anne during her trial -LRB- when her enemies were hell bent on character assassination -RRB- and uses them all as fact . -LRB- brief spoiler -RRB- , When Anne essentially gives birth to Rosemary 's Baby/Eraserhead I actually laughed out loud.A good attempt , but ultimately this book disappointed me .
 It 's tough being a Tudor lover , especially when you 're also a European history major . The trashy movies , TV shows , and novels just do n't seem to end.But this piece blew me farther away than most with its incredible levels of sensationalist inaccuracy.Why ? When history has provided us with such a vibrant tapestry of dynamic , intriguing characters , real people living real lives , why must we reduce them to soap opera depth and dignity?Ordinarily I would n't bother with adding to the voices debating this book ; there are plenty of people doing that already . But when I saw this : `` I recommend this book and all of the Tudor novels written by Philippa Gregory to anyone who loves true historical fiction . '' ... I had to speak up.To anyone reading
 I would not recommend Phillipa Gregory 's much-hyped The Other Boleyn Girl . I 'm the sort of person who keeps reading a book that does n't make a good first impression , hoping it 'll improve . Some six-hundred pages later , I realized The Other Boleyn Girl never got good . Please do n't waste your time ! Gregory summed up executions of significant characters with lines such as `` He was executed the next day . '' Nothing triggers any emotional response in the reader ! It 's extraordinary . It seems as though Gregory went out of her way to make this possible.Of course , it 's a matter of opinion . I simply found it to be void of anything of substance . I was n't made to care about the characters or how the events played out . And only sex carried the plot along!Also , I think a good amount of the book was from Gregory 's imagination , not historical facts . I 'm not trying to suggest Anne was never executed or she did n't have a sister or anything of the sort . And I know in this genre much is left to the author 's imagination and interpretation ; it has to be . It 's not as though there 's a record of everything that was said and done by everyone surrounding any given event in history . But Gregory herself , when asked how she researches for her books , said she first goes to secondary sources . She never mentioned using primary sources . Yes , they can be biased -LRB- if they 're from someone 's perspective they 're going to be -RRB- , but they 're first-hand accounts . Who better knows how something played out than a person who was in the middle of it , witnessing it ? In addition , her dialogue is inconsistent . It 's ridiculously modern at some points , then flowery at others . I know it ca n't be written Shakespeare-style ; it has to be readable and understandable . But I think we could be a little more sophisticated ! No one said `` stuff '' back then , for example , as in , `` All this stuff is making me mad . '' She could n't work a little harder than that ?? If you want the stereotypical historical fiction whose foundation is built on fancy dresses , sex , and scandal , this soap-opera mimic is perfect . If you 're like me and want to learn something in the process , however ... As I 've made obvious , I was sorely disappointed . Just thought I 'd pass my warning along . I do n't want anyone else wasting his time !
 I avoided this book for a long time . After reading dozens of books on Tudor history over the years I did n't see the need to read a fictional telling of the tale of Anne Boleyn . But several friends whose taste I respect praised this book to the heavens and finally I succumbed . Unfortunately , I did n't like it.I do n't fault this book for changing the facts of Anne and Mary Boleyn 's lives or for imposing motivations that do n't jibe with the current academic opinion or for putting distinctly 20th century dialogue in the mouths of 16th century characters . This is fiction and Philippa Gregory is entitled to use history to suit her story.I 've enjoyed fictionalizations of true stories before and I knew going in that Gregory makes controversial dramatic choices . The problem was n't the fiction , it was that the fiction was n't compelling enough to make me forget what I knew and just be carried along by the story . No matter how I tried I 'd find myself thinking , that 's not what happened , or , wait a minute , that 's not why Anne went to France , etc. . Gregory 's 20th century phrasing and 20th century motivations kept creeping in , too , jolting me out of the story . Then I 'd start noticing things that did n't jibe with the facts and the way people thought in the 16th century . It did n't help that so few of the characters in the book are truly likable either.I 've come to the conclusion that if you 're a Tudor-phile , if the names Chapuys , Campeggio , Eric Ives and Retha Warnicke ring any bells , then you 'll likely have a hard time suspending disbelief enough to enjoy this book . It 's a weird thing but the more likely you are to be interested in the subject matter , the less entertainig this book is . If you know only the bare outlines of Anne Boleyn 's story , or less , then you might enjoy this book as much as my friends have .
 This was an entertaining book -- in fact , I could hardly put it down . However , as I read , I became increasingly uncomfortable with the historical inaccuracies introduced merely to juice up the plot . I became annoyed with the devices that appeared with irritating predictability ; for example , the horse that just happened to lose a shoe preventing escape and requiring the characters to remain to the end of the story . -LRB- How inconvenient to lose your narrator to intelligent self-preservation . -RRB- Also I found the occasional feminist twist clumsy and intrusive . This is not to suggest that noblewomen would have been unaware of the unfairness of gender roles , but I doubt they would have articulated their views to the peasants who happened to till their family 's fields . It injected a kind of revisionist aspect to the story -- something I find increasingly annoying in all aspects of today 's world . There were too many obvious contrivances included merely to please or to `` improve '' the story -- something I find disrespectful to the reader as well as the characters . Indeed , if one wants to write fiction , why graft it onto real events and individuals -LRB- implying that it is a historical account -RRB- ? I have not objected before , when a writer took liberties with history in order to tell a story but in such cases , it was clear that the story only loosely followed a particular time or character . This story is fiction disguising itself as a historical account . I do n't wish to minimize the fact that this book is very well written and the descriptions are rich and fascinating . The author is very skillful . However , I will not read any more of her books . I felt cheated as if I had gone to an expensive restaurant expecting a meal prepared from scratch and with authentic ingredients , only to receive a supermarket microwaved entry -- edible but not creditable .
 There is nothing like being able to tell oneself how virtuous and intellectual one is being by reading historical fiction , whilst enjoying a mildly pornographic novel . Or not enjoying it . This reader prefers historical fiction to concentrate more on the politics and society , and less on graphic descriptions of king Henry VIII 's sexual preferences . Or at least to include a warning that a period of great religious change and debate will be happening outside the bedroom door .
 I was reading this book again the other day and after initially being sucked in , I was vividly reminded of how much I disliked it.The history is accurate , the writing style is both gripping and crisp . What is it , then ? I suppose the characterization really bothers me.Whether it is Mary Boleyn , Hannah the Fool , Amy Dudley , or the main character -LRB- ca n't remember his name -RRB- from Earthly joys , in several different Gregory books I have read , the central character is the Exact . Same . Person . Give them a different name , a different background , but the exact same personality/values/relation to the world and characters around them.The person is unusually honest , kind-hearted , and guileless amidst a sea of corrupt people who admire him/her . The main character is generous to a fault , cares deeply about either Mary Tudor or Katherine of Aragon -LRB- depending upon which of the two is in the book -RRB- , and looks down upon the antics of Anne Boleyn or Elizabeth Tudor -LRB- depending upon which one is in the book -RRB- . The main character is always recognized by the historical figures as uniquely honest and wonderful in that way only Gregory 's protagonists are . The main character does something self-sacrificing and generous and Katherine/Mary -LRB- or in Earthly Joys , Cecil -RRB- stands in awe or admiration of that other person 's nave and unique generosity.That characterization is TIRED . And I think she is capable of more ; I would n't be so sick of it if she was n't a good enough writer that I 've read four of her books.For God 's sake , Ms. Gregory , you have amazing talent -- take on a new protagonist ! Stop inserting the exact same character in every single one of your novels!In this novel , she wants to have it all ways with Mary Boleyn . Gregory wants her to be a guileless and innocent sweetheart amidst all these corrupt people -LRB- guileless to the point of utter stupidity for a Tudor courtier -- questioning why her family would want her to cheat on her husband with the king ? Come on ! Short of a mental impairment , she would understand at least the basics of the ambitious world she inhabits ! -RRB- Yet Gregory also wants Mary to be a calculating and clever courtier like all the rest ... She just makes Mary clever/wily whenever it suits the plot , and innocent whenever she wants to prove to us how wonderful Mary is . You ca n't have it both ways.She wants readers to get an `` insight into the psychology '' of these people , yet she makes Anne Boleyn a cookie-cutter villain -LRB- to the point where her book presents as the truth anti-Anne Boleyn propaganda invented by Boleyn 's CONTEMPORARY enemies in the 1500s -RRB- and she makes Katherine of Aragon a cookie-cutter saint . If you want psychological realism , give them - depth - or give up the pretense that your own personal likes/dislikes are not coloring your characterization of them.My complaints aside , I will tell you that I was pretty sucked into it even a second time around ... She 's a good writer . I plowed through the first half of the book before the characterizations really started to irritate me.I 'd still take this novel any day over the abomination that is `` The Virgin 's Lover '' ... Good God , but that one makes me cringe . However , I 'd recommend both Gregory 's novel `` The Queen 's Fool '' -LRB- same protagonist , as always , but a better novel -RRB- and the wonderful `` Earthly Joys '' before this -LRB- same protagonist , again , but so many unique things in that book to make up for it ! -RRB- So , get `` The Other Boleyn Girl '' for a quick read , great historical accuracy , a blatant smear job on Anne Boleyn , glorification of Catherine of Aragon , and an annoying glance into the plot-shifting psychology of the exact same character who narrates every other Gregory novel -LRB- at least the ones I have read -RRB- . But if you want a sublime Tudor era novel , go for Susan Kay 's `` Legacy '' .
 This was all plots and plans and no action . While it might have pictured what life was actually like in the Boleyn/Howard family , there was no action to it -- and I know that `` plots and plans '' can actually make a decent book , because `` Memoirs of a Geisha '' proves it!Thankfully , I did n't buy this book alone -LRB- I bought it at the same time I bought `` The Queen 's Fool '' -RRB- , or I would 've discounted Ms. Gregory as a truly boring author altogether . Hopefully , this book was just a fluke and her others -LRB- like `` The Constant Princess '' and `` The Virgin 's Lover '' -RRB- are just as good as `` The Queen 's Fool '' .
 It is possibly unfair of me to review this book before finishing it , though I do n't believe my chief complaint -- the atrocious writing -- would change , in any case . I 'm also not sure I 'll be able to finish it , because Gregory 's prose is like nails on a blackboard
 This book is a NOVEL and none of it is factual . I am British and brought up / educated in Britain and spent years on English history and believe me this is fantasy masquerading as fact . It will make the author pleny money and leave American readers believing this drivel . If you really want to know the facts then read a history book.The Other Boleyn Girl -LRB- Movie Tie-In -RRB-
 This book was a disappointing read . I found it to be historically inaccurate - The Duke of Buckingham was not a close relative to the Boleyns , Mary spent time in The French Court and was a minor mistress to Francis I . She married Carey while she was Henry 's mistress . Anne was the younger sister , but was not fifteen when she came to the English court ; she was probably closer to 20 and was a maid of honor tho Henry 's siter Mary , the Dowager Queen of France . It 's almost like reading the People or Us version of Tudor history . I 've tried to read a few of Ms. Gregory 's novels and I have not enjoyed them . If you want a good read about Anne Boleyn , read Eric Ives ` wonderful biography or some of Alison Weir 's works . -LRB- Even though she is not very sympathetic to Anne . -RRB- The truth is much more interesting than the fiction .
 `` This book has little historical fact other than there was a Henry VIII and and Anne Boleyn . They did n't even get the Boleyn children in the right order . It worries me that so many people will have such an inaccurate opinion of history because of this novel that pretends to be historical ''
 The Other Boleyn Girl is overlong , filled with tedious and unnecessary descriptions of Henry VIII-era women 's clothing , barely touches on the genuine religious background for the novel -LRB- indeed makes it seem that the principal reason for the break between England and the Church of Rome was because of the machinations of the Boleyns -RRB- and despite the title is more about Anne Boleyn and Henry than the Mary of the title . The narrative is simply heavy-handed . Mary seems to be everywhere anything important is happening or manages by chance to overhear important information or picks it up via weakly developed exposition . It 's supposed to be a historical romance , but there 's precious little genuine history and and not a lot of romance . Oh ... and the ending takes 700-plus pages to get to , but it 's all telegraphed by page 350 or so .
 This is a re-post and a revision of a review on this book that I put up in 2006 , and which has somehow disappeared off Amazon . At any rate ... I 'm a fanatic about anything dealing with Henry VIII , and when I saw `` The Other Boleyn Girl , '' I looked forward to reading it . I liked the premise that Gregory suggested -- describing the story of the doomed Anne Boleyn , Henry VIII 's second wife , through the eyes of her sister , Mary Boleyn Carey Stafford.I 'm sorry I wasted my time on this book , but am thankful I did n't waste my money . Gregory 's research is decent -- unlike other reviewers , I realize this is `` fiction , '' meaning the author can do whatever she thinks makes sense . The lack of blow-by-blow history did n't bother me . What did was that the characterizations were trite and one-dimensional , with the major players in the novel thoroughly unlikeable.Anne Boleyn is n't regarded favorably by many scholars for many reasons , some of which were justified , others not . But Gregory 's interpretation of Anne as evil and arrogance extraordinaire was a little much , even for those who find plenty to dislike about her . In other fictional accounts about Anne Boleyn , most authors have the good sense to make her a sympathetic character , at least near the end . Getting beheaded can tend to put a character in a sympathetic light . But in `` The Other Boleyn Girl , '' the portrayal of Anne was so dreadful , I was almost glad when she lost her head at the end of the book.But Anne was n't the only one that suffered in this novel . The portrait of the entire Boleyn family was dull and one-dimensional , like something out of a bad soap opera . Instead of painting a ruthless picture of an ambitious family trying to claw its way to the throne , Gregory decided to formulate Mamma and Papa Boleyn as a Simon Legree type , throwing Mary to the wolves whenever and wherever possible . The portrayals were so theatrical and overblown , it was almost funny.Then there 's Mary , who was really hard to like . I wanted to see some backbone in Mary , as she was not only the heroine , but the narrator . But she was portrayed as a wimp , rather than a pawn with a mind of her own . A flakey , whiney , hard-to-like character . And I have to agree with another review I read -- the position Gregory put Mary in at the end of the book stretched the bounds of credibility of even the loosest historical fiction.About the only redeeming quality was the author 's portrayal of George Boleyn , Anne and Mary 's brother . George , at least , had some fire and facets to his personality , unlike his sisters.In all , I 'm wondering how this actually ended up in the hands of a movie producer and actually made it to the theaters with such a stellar cast . The plot has always lended itself to making a good movie . But in this effort , Gregory just did n't do well .
 Everything I feel about this book has already been said . It is slow moving and riddled with historical inaccuracies . I can forgive the boring writing style , because it is not my type of book . The incorrect facts , however , are harder to ignore . There are very few facts known about Mary Bolyen it should n't be too hard to keep them straight . That being said , if the story interests you , read it merely as a work of fiction . Then , get some Alison Weir for the history .
 Let me start off by saying I am a huge fan of Tudor England . I am also a fan of reading , particularly historical fiction . My favorite subject would be , of course , Anne Boleyn , the Boleyn family , and her friends . I heard that The Other Boleyn Girl was chronicling Mary Boleyn , the relatively unknown sister of Anne , and I was undoubtedly excited . I 've always thought of Mary as the less succesful sister , the foolish one , who enjoyed the bodily pleasures and failed in her ambitions -LRB- there being overwhelming evidence to support this -RRB- , as opposed to the witty , intelligent , wordly and ambitious Anne who was spirtually adept and not neccisarily a physical being . I , of course have read books where Anne was not all of these and still enjoyed them so do n't think my intense admiration for Anne is coloring my review.Let me start off with the basics ; Characterization . Gregory apparently skipped this class-or at least was asleep for the majority of it . All of her characters are two-deminsional-at best . Let 's start with the protagonist-Mary . For no reason whatsoever Mary has grown up superior to her family ... despite the fact that she had no outside influence to change this . She never mentions a mentor who taught her her values and moral superiority , she is not particularly religious , she merely is better-something that goes intensly against human nature . Mary 's intentions are soley good all the time , she just wants to be with her beautiful children and escape her evil family . I suppose her good nature was supposed to leave me on pins and needles just hoping she gets that beautiful happily ever after-in fact , it had the exact opposite effect . I found Mary 's troubles superficial in comparision to those around her , the majority of whom where sincerely better people with causes they were dedicated to . Mary was simply self involved to the point of making me nauseous . When her sister gives birth to a girl who is apparently-and innacuratly - unloved whom is apparently her sisters downfall -LRB- again , innacurately -RRB- - and what is Mary 's thought process ? She is not concerned for her sister who is now treading down the road to execution , not for the King she once loved who is bitterly dissapointed in the woman he love not being what he expected , and not even for the poor baby girl-but for herself . She tells her husband that she ca n't believe she 's going to have to wait for another pregnancy to `` escape '' . When Jane Seymour is slowly taking Anne 's place as Queen at court , and Anne is understandbly saying how much she wishes she was dead , Mary returns with a `` Anne that is so horrible '' . What ? What is Anne supposed to feel ? Jane certainly wanted Anne dead . No one around her is good enough for Mary , and her morality seemed to grate on my nerves . At one point she threatens suicide to her sister-and I was half hoping she would actually go through with it to end this narcissisticly schreeching , whiny narration.Anne , I am supposed to gather , was the exact opposite of her wonderful sister . This wonderful , intelligent , witty and albiet ambitious woman is reduced to a pure evil caraciture . There are no limits to her evil , everything about her is cruel , she does n't hesitate in way before committing the most henious acts , with none of the basic human emotion of regret . Turn to any given page and there is an example of her evilness . There is not one nice thing said about Anne in this book . Even on the eve of her execution she does n't seem to want to repent anything . Why would Henry literally turn church and state on its head for this woman , one might ask ? Good question , and I 'm still trying to figure it out . Anne had many , many , many admirers because she was a very attractive , intelligent and generally pleasing being . She may have had moments of cruelty , though so has everyone , but that does not mean they are a one-deminsional harpy with little thought above how she can advance herself . Even though Gregory , I 'm gathering , wanted me to hate her , I really only loved her simply becuase she was different than that whiny protagonist.The other characters are equally unbelievable . Thomas and Elizabeth Boleyn were certainly ambitious , but I doubt they were this careless when it came to their children . Ambition does not equal recklessly evil , though I got the feeling that this is what the moral of this story was supposed to be . Henry had no depth whatsoever , and was constantly WHINING ! He was King of England , he really need not whine so much . William Stafford is supposed to be the ideal , supportive man who is deeply commited to Mary-for God knows why - and he is basically a characticature . George Boleyn is either doing two things-hanging around his sister 's bedchamber or cavorting with his male lover . Katherine of Aragon was-historically speaking-certainly a wronged woman , but I have trouble believing she was so unhumanly saintly . This really is n't the only book that does this-authors who are sympathetic to Katherine tend to make her out-of-this-world Godly . Katherine was a human being , with flaws just like the rest of us-I 'd love to see some of them sometime.Now the laundry list of historical errors : Mary Boleyn spent many years at the French Court , where she had quite the reputation of being permiscuous -LRB- the King of France called her `` my English mare '' becuase he `` rides her so often '' -RRB- , and sent home in disgrace because of it . She was probably the older sister -LRB- and five or so years older than this -RRB- , but if she was not , Anne would probably be three or four years older , becuase Mary would hardly be sleeping around at 11 . Mary was Henry 's mistress for perhaps two years , and her children were not his . Anne and Henry Percy did not connsummate their engagement-it would have been impossible to break . The Boleyn `` family meetings '' probably did not happen-Anne and Mary probably both made their way to the King 's bed on their own , seeing as how Mary had done it before and Anne staunchly resisted his advances for a year before becoming emotionally-though not physically-involved . Mary probably did n't even consider Katherine of Aragon 's feelings-mistresses in Kings were considered common , and if a King did not have one he was considered weak . Mary was hardly cast aside with nothing , she was given all the favors of a royal mistress . Anne 's cruelty to Mary Tudor and Katherine has been overexaggerated for hundreds of years-she was indifferent at worst to them both . Fisher and More were executed in that order , how could that not get past an editor ? Anne loved Elizabeth fiercly and intensly , and did not neglect her in the wet nurses ' chamber , but insisted on breast feeding . Anne 's miscarraige of a deformed baby and George 's homosexuality were taken directly from Retha Warnicke 's biography , which is perfectly fine , but Warnicke 's main theory is the discounting of Chapuys as an accurate source , who has been the major source to prove to people that she was evil . She uses undeniable evidence to prove this , and yet Gregory did clearly did not use this , so she either only read the parts that sounded cool to her , or simply skimmed the back . Mary Boleyn was banished from court and then begged for years to be allowed back , she did not make a stealthy escape , and she never comes back , not even when her siblings are rotting in the Tower . Anne was a surpisingly liberal Queen , and saved hundreds upon hundreds from the Inquosition , something Gregory conviently forgets-she also donated thousands of pounds to charity-which is equivalant to millions nowadays . Not one heretic was burned while Anne was Queen , although hunreds were burned before and hundreds after . Anne saved both Catholics and Protestants from the burning post . And for GOD 'S SAKE ; Anne did not commit incest !!!! She swore `` upon the damnation of mine own mortal soul '' that she did not , evenwhen she did n't neccisarily have to . No one seriously believes Anne commited adultery , or was a witch , and absolutely no one believes she had sex with her brother . Why does Gregory feel the need to include this ? I 'm willing to bet the vast majority were hating Anne at this point anyways , so including charges she was certianly innocent of was just plain disrepectful . And there were so many , many more.After reading all of this , I was naturally inflamed , but after reading the interview in the back I was half ready to hunt Gregory down and accuse her of incest with her brother . She says things like `` historians are divided as to whether the charges actually took place '' Um ... no they are not . I think Gregory is the first person to insist that they could be true in a hundred years . `` Anne was not a woman who let morals get in her way '' This is a strange sentence , and also patenly false . All of the sources listed in Gregory 's `` bibliography '' have varying degrees of respect for Anne , and Alison Weir clearly does not like her , but even the ones who do not think she was a Godly creature insist that she did have morals and virtues . Gregory also insists `` Anne was clearly guilty of one murder '' What ?! I have no idea what she is talking about here , genuinely no idea . She insists that there is evidence that she tried to poison Fisher . This evidence is a rumour that started contemporarily , in which Anne sent a messanger to him to tell him to avoid Parliment should he become sick . This is a rumor , and Weir is perhaps the only historian who believes it . Gregory says the broad facts of Mary 's life are true in the novel-of which they are not . She discounts every other type of fiction and constantly toots her own horn . She says it 's perfectly reasonable that Anne would have commited incest with her brother to getting pregnant and that George would be the `` obvious choice '' . It 's an odd world when your brother is the obvious choice for getting pregnant . Anne had many admirers who would die for her -LRB- Thomas Wyatt `` Whoso List to Hunt '' for example -RRB- , and if she were to take a lover -LRB- which she did n't -RRB- I would say that she had many to chose from . Also , the common knowledge of that time was that women were responsible for miscarraiges and the sex of babies . If she was miscarrying , she would have certainly thought it was her fault , and taking a lover would not help.I would give it zero stars if I could . Please pass this one up . But if you simply can not refrain , I suggest buying either Warnicke , Bruce 's , or Ive 's biography and read it first , just to laugh at how ridiculous Gregory is .
 I can say in all honesty this is the worst book I have read in many years ; I wish I could rate it `` one-quarter star . '' I only finished the book because I was on a 14-hour flight across the Pacific Ocean with nothing else to do . The writing is of extraordinarily poor quality , aimed at about a 6th-grade reading level . Worse , it seeks to make the heroine seem better than she was by degrading every other female around , particularly female family members . The main target for her vitriol is Anne Boleyn , who is portrayed as a psychotic monster -LRB- who eagerly has a long-term affair with her own brother , an accusation that no one else seriously believes -RRB- . The author 's twisted hatred makes one wonder if the author has a sister she hates , or possibly she hates all women on the planet and blames them for all her own personal problems.The book portrays Mary as a sweet innocent , the only good woman in England . In reality , Mary Boleyn was sent as a young girl to the French court as a lady in waiting . She became a notorious international laughingstock because of her extreme promiscuity and lack of common sense and was brought home in disgrace . Her horrible reputation as beyond `` easy , '' as well as her extreme youth and stupidity , temporarily appealed to Henry VIII . He used her , got her pregnant , and instantly forgot her existence . It was her bad example that caused Anne to hesitate so long before giving in to Henry.The bad writing gets truly laughable in the `` sexy '' scenes and later scenes showing Mary `` playing house '' - - finding true happiness as the poor farmer 's wife , with a smile on her face and a song in her heart in her jolly , neat little cottage , having fun learning to cook and clean and milk the cows - - at a time when a real , impoverished farmwife would be doing backbreaking work 14 hours a day , fighting for survival . How about a reality check here ! In fact , one of the reasons I picked the book up in the first place was because I was hoping for some factual information on Mary 's later marriage - - I know she married a commoner , not a wealthy man , but how poor were they ? I assume he was a gentleman farmer with servants . It seems incredible that a member of the aristocracy would gladly and merrily move to a life of poverty , which would involve extreme hardship and not the fun and games the author stupidly portrays . If Mary really married a poor man and had to do all the work , it would have been a horrifying and shocking learning experience on her part , true culture shock , and not the joyful romp portrayed in this silly book.All in all , this is a ridiculous and offensive book , insulting to anyone with intelligence and to any woman with any self respect .
 The author lost my interest right off the bat when she proclaimed Mary to be the younger Boleyn girl . All historical sources agree that she was the elder daughter . That does n't really matter to the story , so why not get it right ? I was also annoyed by the portrayal of Mary as an innocent young girl when she first met Henry VIII ... in fact , she had previously been the mistress of Francois I of France and had been kicked out of the French court for prostitution , which is why she returned to England while Anne remained in France . When Mary arrived at the English Court , an innocent she was NOT . I found the author 's portraits of all 3 Boleyn children to be biased in the direction she wanted them to go , as opposed to being realistic based on the historical data available . The author was prone to conveniently leaving out facts that were relevant to the story but did not support her simplistic view of each character . Anyone who has read historical accounts of these characters and times will be severely disappointed in this book . I only hope that the general public does not mistake this book for history .
 Upfront , I must confess
 Gregory seems to want to take up right where Anne Boleyn 's detractors left off and accuse her of the worst possible , and then add on top of that a one-dimensional portrayal in a wildly sensationalist and inaccurate book.Many of the inaccuracies have already been pointed out . In historical fiction , a little liberty with the facts is fine -- how else are we to get into the characters ' heads ? -- but in this case lack of research shows a gaping plot hole
 I can not believe so many people love this book , despite that it has been recommended to me by many people.The first 200 pages read like this ... OVER and OVER
 It was n't the historical background that irritated me , that was quite well researched and believable in its rendering of daily life in Tudor England . What bugged the crap out of me was the characters and their motivations . The overall tone of this book was that of a particularly bad romance novel . Henry VIII 's most dominant trait was selfishness , both as a King and a man , and yet here we see him portrayed as a tender and devoted lover . I was near to gagging before I was half way through this book . It takes an awfully bad book to make me not finish it , but I came close to launching this one out the window . It went to the book exchange so fast that Phillippa Gregory 's head is probably still spinning .
 This woman knows absolutely nothing about the politics Tudor period , and it shows . She has Henry still claiming Katharine as his wife when from the moment the annulment trial was convened her official title in England was Princess Dowager ; she has More and Fisher excuted in the wrong order -LRB- this is more important than it sounds -RRB- ; Henry Carey was never acknowledged as the king 's illegitimate son ; she has several wrong dates , birthdates and Catholic/Protestant terms ; apparently absolutely nothing else was happening in England outside of the king 's bed . Highly soap-opera but not history .
 I 've read other books by Phillipa Gregory and like them , but I was very disappointed in this one . I love British history but this one contained too much focus on the sexual explorations of the main characters . Okay , I know Mary Boleyn had affairs , but I honestly do n't need to read about how the king excites her nor about she and William sneak off every chance they can to have sex all night long . I do n't need to hear descriptions of sexual intimacy that includes everything but `` doing the deed . ''
 I read this book at the behest of a friend . She said it was wonderful , and how she could not put it down . I could not put it down either , but that is just because I wanted to finish it as fast as I could to end up the torture . I found the fictional part all over , but in it 's 672 pages the only historical part I was able to find were some names of people and places . I have read several books about Tudor England , and I would love to know where she got her sources , since she seems to be the only person to have come up with this theory . I wonder why !
 This abridgement completely butchers the book . I have never before experienced an abridgement that left out so much important information and that was this choppy . Although the reader is quite good , I ca n't recommend this form of this book .
 I had just finished reading `` The Autobiography of Henry VIII
 Philippa Gregory is a talented writer , I 'll give her that , but she should stay far away from actual historical characters . Mary Boleyn as an innocent girl of 12 ? Come on ! I 'm not really against Mary , but she was actually the closest thing to a whore that the Boleyn family had -LRB- she was sent home from France around 1520 because her indiscretions were enough to shock the most indiscrete court in Europe -RRB- and was no where near the dramatic heroine portrayed here . She was n't a bad woman , but she did n't really do that much . Mary was around 20 when she was married , far from the child Gregory makes her out to be . Anne was n't as much of a b * tch as Gregory likes to portray her as , and she and Mary never fought over Henry VIII . I could rant on and on about the historical inaccuracies , but I think I 'll just let you know those main ones . When I read this novel , I had to close my eyes and pretend that this was not based off real people and historical events to take the least bit of joy out of it . If you can live with this knowledge , go ahead and read TOBG because , as I mentioned , Philippa Gregory is a talented writer . I just do n't want to hear another person quoting something out of this book and calling it fact ...
 I 'm going to be upfront with readers of this review , I am not a very smart girl . So many of you giving negative reviews really know your Tudors ' History . Everything I know about the Tudors stems from * cringe * the television show -LRB- love it -RRB- , Wikipedia , and various other websites around the internet.But even I , with my very limited knowledge of Tudors History , was seriously annoyed with the mistakes in the book - especially when you consider how self serving they were to the picture perfect main character . I have never seen ANY historian claim -LRB- even on Wiki dang it ! -RRB- that Mary was the younger of the sisters . If I remember right she was actually likely the eldest of the living Boelyn children . This makes sense considering that Mary was the first presented at court and the first married . As another reviewer said her being the youngest adds nothing to the storyline so why not just get it right ? I think PG was trying to make Mary as innocent as possible and being just a young teenager made her more likeable to the reader perhaps . However pretty much everything I 've read about Mary agrees on the fact that she had some miles on her -LRB- classy terminology FTW -RRB- when she arrived to the English court . I think the fact that she married someone who was generally deemed below Boelyn level is proof that this is true . It 's pointed out how great the Boelyn / Howard family a million times in this book and someone as pretty as Mary was said to be would have probably fetched a husband from an even better family ... unless she had a bad reputation.In PG 's mind sisters are apparently polar opposites . Since Mary is blonde , sweet , and shy , Anne is dark , vile , and loud . I have to say this author really does not seem to like Miss Anne Boelyn very much . This Anne is nasty to everyone , clever but somehow incredibly stupid at the same time , thinks negatively of everyone around her , and even tries to seduce her gay brother several times -LRB- what the heck ? -RRB- in the book . Also , pretty much every thing that Anne was accused of , things that most historians agree are probably false and made up so she could be executed without much argument , are true in this novel . If a person only read this book and never anyhting else about Anne Boelyn they would not have a very good image of her , when in reality Anne was said to have done lots of nice things in her short reign as Queen of England.As I said before , I am not very smart . I do not usually pick up on misogynistic language and themes - even obvious ones -LRB- Snow White anybody ? -RRB- - but in this book you 're practically slapped across the face with it . Mary is quiet , shy , conventionally beautiful , listens to her male handlers -LRB- for the most part -RRB- and gives into the King 's sexual desires as soon as he asks . She is rewarded with beautiful children , a loving husband , and a nice quiet life in the country -LRB- because being a farmer 's wife in the 16th century was easy as churning butter I guess -RRB- . Anne , on the other hand , is mean , agressive , sexual -LRB- while withholding herself from the king so as not to be another used and disgraced woman -RRB- , and most of all DARES to think of herself as equal to or -LRB- le gasp ! -RRB- better than the men in her life . No , these behaviors would have NOT been acceptable in Tudor England from a woman , but this book was written in the 21st century by a female author , no less . A little perspective please?So yes , go ahead and tell me that maybe I 'm just too dumb to understand this novel , but I think i 'll stick with other adaptions that do n't take such a negative veiw of poor Anne .
 `` Henry the VIII and his fistful of wives '' has been popular reading for me and my contempraries who grew up in Indiain the 1960s . I recently had time to read `` The other Boleyn girl '' . I inhaled it rather quickly because the topic was of interest to me and also because Phillipa Gregory cast of characters was very predictable . I agree with C. Spinney `` tunispinney '' -LRB- Reston , VA United States -RRB- that it is more like a pithy gossip novel . The historical facts could have been handled more delicately and the characters brought to life in a more sensitive manner . They do appear predicatable like a comic book . Mary is the `` dumb-blond '' Anne is the '' Mata-Hari '' . Henry is the `` pompous - ... '' . Jane Seymour the '' Simpering-ninny '' ... I think readers who loved this book just like to eat their meals predigested . I have an interesting idea though , I wonder if someone else would write this book with a modern twist . What if ultrasound , amniocentesis and genetic counselling was available to KIng Henry and his wives ? Probably Endland would have considered artificial insemination ???? Boggles the mind , but perhaps fewer queens would have gotten the axe .
 The historical inaccuracies started in the very first chapter . Everybody knows Mary Boleyn was the older of the two sisters , that she went to France with her father , and that she had an affair with King Francis while there . King Henry VIII never executed anybody for simply questioning his ability to father children although he did execute people who rebelled or plotted against him . Did the writer not feel it necessary to read even one Anne Boleyn or Henry VIII biography?The writing is about what one would expect of a high school student . The narrative voice attributed to Mary Boleyn is not even remotely believable as that of a teenager , much less as one who actually lived in the Tudor period . The use of a character to ask a stupid question that a real person in that situation would not have to ask is a transparent device to reveal information to the reader . Most professional writers realize this.I got fifteen or twenty pages in and realized that neither the writing nor the historical versimilitude was going to improve . So I threw the book away . Out of the thousands of books I 've bought over the years , this is only the second one I 've thrown away before finishing it.I ca n't imagine why any publisher would have bought this book , why any professional reviewer would have recommended it , or why anyone would want to make it into a movie given its clear lack of merit . It would have been far more ethical to have the author change some of the names , invent an imaginary country , and throw in a wizard or an ogre so as to market this book as what it really is
 There 's only one thing worse than this book - and that 's the television programme that was made from it . Do n't know if it 's been screened in the US yet but believe me , it was truly terrible .
 Historical mistakes aside , and there are many -LRB- take for example the age of the Boleyn sisters -RRB- , this book is just poorly developed.There is very little historical in this historical fiction , but I would be willing to overlook that if there was a compelling lead character or cast of characters.Alas , it is not to be . Anne Boleyn plays the wicked step-sister and Mary a rather disappointing narrator . A passive character can be an interesting character and the inner-turmoils , the love and hate between siblings can make for powerful stuff ; but here it is watered down into melodramatic pastiches.The author was not able to draw me into the time period nor the characters . In fact , the characters would have been more at home in a modern setting , in a Desperate Housewives universe than Tudor England.The writing is not extremely lyrical or brilliant to forgive the mistakes I 've mentioned above.Overall , I found it a rather mediocre read . A shame , for I rather wanted to like it .
 I was so excited to read this book for a number of reasons
 I devoured this book in two days . The author 's writing style compels you to keep turning pages ... you have to find out what -LRB- usually awful -RRB- It is kind of like seeing roadkill , you want to look away , but you just have to find out what the heck that thing was ... I found the book to be somewhat disturbing in several parts . When I got done , I felt satisfaction at being finished with it , but unable to really recommend it to anyone in that it really was depressing to follow all the characters through bad choices and the farce of their lives . I think the author is a very talented writer - but I did n't care for the storyline .
 Judging from other reviews , this book seems to fall into either the `` love it or hate it '' category . As an ardent Anne fan I was naturally disappointed in it but I can understand why others were not . It is a good plot read and gives a new spin on what is ultimately the story of Anne rather than Mary Boleyn . However , I also noted a lot of historical mistakes - the least of which was a complete omission of Mary 's scandalous past in France - and the writing style was just left of bad romance novel . I recommend a much earlier Anne book called `` Brief Gaudy Hour '' by Margaret Campbell Barnes .
 I must say that I am really surprised with the overwhelming positive reviews of this book . I am an avid reader , particularly of historical fiction . This novel felt like a Harlequin Romance novel to me . While I did not learn much about the time period in which it was set , I did learn quite a bit about how to seduce my husband ! So , depending on your interests ...
 I was excited to read ` The Other Boleyn Girl ' after hearing about it so much , especially during the promotion of the movie . As a lover of historical novels , I was curious on how the author would portray the famous Anne Boleyn . To my disappointment , she was one-dimensional and flat - like all the other characters in this book.I understand that there are historical inaccuracies or distortions in such a book in order to make the plot flow or more interesting to readers . Fine , I accept them because this is a historical FICTION , not a history textbook.However , to make the characters in the story either vicious and evil or virtuous and kind , made the plot tiring to read and to accept . Anne Boleyn is portrayed as a selfish and manipulative woman , at times so psychotically unhinged and unreasonable that I found her character to be laughable . On the other hand , we have her sister Mary Boleyn - that poor , innocent girl used by her scheming relatives to attain wealth and status . The author wants readers to love her , to sympathize with her - but I am sorry to say that I could not . She narrates this entire story from the age of 13 to her twenties and sadly , her character 's voice does not mature or grow up . She was still the naive and wanton teenager at the age of twenty , with just the addition of various proclamations of love to her kids . Also , I found her thought process fragmented and just plain weird because at one point , she hates her sister to the extent where she wishes her death and then at the next moment , she 's all best friends with her . I mean , what ? Other characters are also this poorly constructed and unbelievable - from the almost saintly Queen Katherine to the lurker-like , nosy-to-the-point-of-wanting-to-harm-her-own-husband 's reputation Jane Parker.The prose and style this book is written in is also not particularly special . Rather , her sentences are very simply constructed and at times , repetitive . I felt no emotional response at any point while reading this book because how can one feel anything when the author merely uses a sentence to describe the death of so-and-so . She ` tells ' us too many things rather than showing us . Without the sexual themes , this book could be easily read by a middle school student.I can not understand why people are giving such high ratings for this book . To me , it was like reading one of those romance novels you can get at the convenience store . All I wanted to do was to chuck it out the window in between readings . This novel lacks well-developed characters -LRB- at times , I felt offended at the portrayal -RRB- and the prose is not particularly beautiful or inspiring . I suggest borrowing it from the library if you really want to read it .
 Gregory does admittedly have a wonderful writing style , which is what first attracted me to the book . The topic
 I just do n't see what the big deal is . I received this book as a gift and sat down to read it one night . It nearly put me to sleep so I set it aside and decided to come back to it the next day . Same thing happened . The story is slow moving and I found myself skipping ahead to see if it got better . It did n't . I would not suggest this book to anyone .
 I read this book several months after reading Pillars Of The Earth by Ken Follett . I usually do not read books of this period but decided to because I Ken 's book was so wonderful from the first page to the last.The Other Boelyn Girl added some baser realities of that era , but I found most of it to be mostly raw rather than rich with history and colorful characters that you could connect with .
 i found this book disappointing ... after reading a comment about it being historically inaccurate , i realize that i agree-but not for the reason you might think ... when i wasnt even halfway done with the book i read a cool fact ruining the story ... the fact stated that Anne was Henrys wife . it also stated that Anne had an extra finger on her left hand , something not mentioned in the book ...
 I 'd love to read the book but I 'm not paying $ 7.99 for delivery to my $ 300 Kindle when it 's available in paperback for $ 6.40 .
 I have to admit , I usually do not like historical fiction ... this book was no exception . I read half , and read the end because it was boring ...
 I had been wanting to read this book for a long time . I am familiar with the story of Anne Boleyn and Henry VIII , and was looking forward to a masterful retelling by a reknown author . A friend had read it and raved about it . Amazon readers are raving about it . I wish I could rave about it . Unfortunately , I was very disappointed in this retelling for several reasons . Firstly , I found the writing style simplistic and unauthentic . Sometimes it seemed that the characters were speaking in 21st century phrasing . I found the characters themselves to be unrealistic and underdeveloped . There was no depth to any of them , such that I really did n't care what happened to any of them . Anne was a grasping , hysterical , diabolical , selfish user . George appeared to be no better than a hanging-on go-for , interminably lolling around in his sisters ' bedchamber . Henry himself comes off as an easily manipulated , not very smart , spoiled brat . He demonstrates no kingly qualities and is usually either whining to Mary about his lack of an heir , raging at Katherine , or following Anne around like a love-sick , helpless puppy . Mary , the main character is made out to be a sweet , generous , unwilling pawn of her evil family . Although she was pushed into her affair with Henry , she really wanted nothing more than the simple life of a country matron surrounded by her beautiful children . She seemed to be completely in love with Henry at one moment , and then totally emotionally indifferent to him the next . Her relationship to her first husband , William , is nonexistent one minute , and loving and devoted the next . I found it amusing that she could claim complete devotion to Queen Katherine , continue to betray her time and again , and then come sniveling back professing her great love and respect . The only character which I did feel a sympathy for and was protrayed with sensitivity and grace was the character of Katherine . Other major characters in the drama were relegated to minor incidental roles , such as the powerful , brilliant Cardinal Wolsey , the sinister mastermind Thomas Cromwell , and the courageous , honorable Thomas More . They all became background props for the silly one-dimensional story of Mary Boleyn . The momentous event of Henry 's declaring himself head of the English church , and the devastating power struggle that surrounded it is dismissed in one sentence . On comparing this story to Antionia Fraser 's excellent `` The Six Wives of Henry VIII '' , one learns that 1 -RRB- Mary was actually the elder of the two sisters , 2 -RRB- Mary had led quite a sexually promiscuous life in France before returning to England , even having had an affair with King Francis 3 -RRB- Henry never acknowledged Mary 's son as his.At the end of the book -LRB- which I really only skimmed because by this time I could n't stand it anymore -RRB- Mary manages to predictably retire to the country with her lovely family and new husband , whom she 's conveniently madly in love with , and live happily ever after while the rest of her family goes down in flames . Oh well , I guess such high virtue as Mary 's provides its own reward .
 I 'm still not to sure what possessed me to read this . Sure a bunch of people I knew said it was great . Now I 'm seriously questioning their sanity . For some reason I kept reading , as I hoped it would get better . 600 + pages later , I 've realized that I 'm never going to get that time back . The author manages to reduce the Tudor Era into a cheesy soap opera . Seriously , one could have just replaced the names with modern day ones , and set the story in some inner city , and made it about drug dealers and prostitutes , and it would have more or less read the same.First off , the main character . Besides Bella in Twilight , I 'd find it difficult to find a more bland and boring main character . Her sum goal in life seems to be , I want to marry for love ! and have lots of bouncing babies ! The author glorifies this , by contrasting her to her nymphomaniac of a sister , Anne , who 's depicted as cruel and comes off as an insane harpy . Now , the author considers her self a feminist , yet she portrays the active woman as a monster , and the `` good '' woman , as passive and bland . Oh , and if its not subtle enough , Anne has dark hair , and dark features , while the good sister , has blond hair and pale features . Coincidence ? I think not.Now , on to the history of this book . For some reason the author decided that all allegations made against Anne were true . This is the historical equivalent of saying that all the allegations made during the communist show trials of the 50 's were true . The author takes this to the extreme , and in her book , Anne sleeps with her own brother in an attempt to get pregnant . At the end , the whole thing just comes off as offensive.The writing is pretty bad also . The heavy use of foreshadowing does n't help the situation . I 'm pretty sure people already know what happened to Anne , so they are n't going to be saying when they reach the end of the book `` Darn ... I should have seen that coming ! `` In short , save your money , save your time and read some good historical fiction . Like Susanne Alleyn 's A Game of Patience , or The Caviler of the Apocalypse .
 If you 're looking for well developed characters , thoughtful dialogue , or intellectual stimulation , do n't pick up this book . The Tudor period is fascinating and offers all you need for a gripping plot . The story itself is quite intriguing when written about by others . Despite hearing rave reviews , I found Philippa Gregory 's prose to be poorly constructed and incredibly irritating . I was n't bothered by the historical inaccuracies ; after all , it is a `` novel '' and many of the facts are debatable.If you want a long read on par with a Harlequin Romance -LRB- actually , those are better -RRB- , then this would be a perfect fit . I would have given `` 0 '' stars if I could have .
 I will start by saying that the book is entertaining ... if you care nothing about historical accuracy , you 'll probably really enjoy it ! Gregory took what is an incredibly interesting topic and turned it into a sleazy , tabloid read . Gregory just twisted or omitted facts to suit her novel and that really annoyed me . It is widely recognized that Mary is older than Anne . There is no proof that either of Mary 's children are Henry VIII 's . When Anne banished Mary from court , Mary never returned , but in the book , she is summoned back and witnesses Anne 's downfall . Completely inacurate . I found it appalling that in the book , Mary even sends Anne a letter while she is in the Tower . I 've read many Tudor experts say that Mary never contacted either George or Anne at all after they were taken to the Tower , and Mary 's daughter Catherine most certainly was not there . Also , it is commonly accepted that King Henry declared Anne the care of Henry Carey after his father died , there is no evidence to support that Anne demanded him and `` stole '' him from Mary . The author just adds in these ridiculous tidbits to continually portray Anne as some crazy , horrible shrew . Gregory put several known lies about Anne in the book . There is also no historical evidence that Anne gave birth to a `` deformed monster '' , nor that it was fathered by her brother George . I felt this was a cheap way to `` dirty '' up the novel to make it more interesting . Upon her own execution later , Jane Parker admitted she lied about George and Anne Boleyn 's alleged incestuous affair . So I do n't think Gregory had any reason to insinuate that it actually happened other than to make her novel juicier . I ca n't respect that at all . I concede not much is known about Mary Boleyn , so it must have been challenging to create a whole book from her perspective , I just wish Gregory had respected the widely accepted facts from the era and not basically made her own cheapened version of history . What saddens me is that a lot of people who do n't know much about the Tudor era will accept much of this novel as fact when it is not .
 As a history buff and huge fan of Anne Boleyn , this novel made me sick . There is a limit as to how far a novelist can stretch the truth while writing historical fiction , and Gregory went too far . It is clear that Gregory did hardly any research on Anne Boleyn 's character -LRB- as is evidence by the fact that she did not even consult THE biography on Anne , Eric Ives 's book -RRB- and instead was too concerned with making Mary Boleyn out to be more important than she actually was to English history . Gregory unfortunately just reiterated the slanders that Anne Boleyn 's character incurred after her execution by her Catholic enemies . It is sad that an author today could do so much disrespect to a historical figure in one novel . Furthermore , she cites Retha Warnicke 's research as being her primary basis for the novel , yet after Warnicke heard this , she publicly distanced herself from the novel -- mainly because Gregory misinterpreted Warnicke 's theories completely . In my opinion , Gregory may as well have made up characters and kept the story she wrote , because she completely changes the personalities of these figures as we know them from the years of reasearch done by actual historians . I am all for using creative license to `` fill in the gaps '' , but Gregory uses far too much license in this book , and instead changes the facts for her own interest -- in order to make Anne appear as the horrible , manipulative sister , while Mary is an innocent victim of Anne 's wrath . It is proposterous . For example , Gregory completely ignores Mary 's behavior in France before she joined the Tudor court . Historians are pretty certain that she slept with the King of France , as well as others , during her time there . Gregory chooses to believe that Mary is a virgin when she comes to Henry , just to make her appear more innocent . Another example is Anne making Henry Carey her ward . She did this because Mary did not have enough money to give Henry a proper education , so Anne was helping her , and actually did an extremely nice thing by giving him such a good education . Gregory spins this to make it seem like Anne is stealing Henry from Mary -- a ridiculous notion and quite the opposite of what actually happened.Besides the switching around of facts , the book is n't even very well written . The characters are very black and white , as is true in most of Gregory 's novels -LRB- one woman = good , other woman = bad -RRB- . I would not recommend this book to anyone . . if I could give it a 0 star review , I would have .
 Historical fiction is a favourite guilty pleasure of mine , and I came to this book with no pre-conceptions ; in fact , I actually expected to like it . Unfortunately , and many reviewers have said it more eloquently than I , TOBG is poorly-written , vulgar and offensive on a number of levels . It is reminiscent of self-indulgent internet fanfic , where the only constructive criticism received must have been along the lines of `` Soooo need more !! 1 !!! '' I am still mystified as to how it even got published in its current form.I get that this is historical _ fiction _ , and that that means an author is free to make up details as he or she sees fit . Of course , one can never expect complete accuracy ; I am pretty tolerant of historical errors and literary licence , provided that these are acknowledged and disclosed to the reader . I 've enjoyed numerous historical novels , most of which could never be regarded as classic literature or accurate , but which bring to life the era and the personalities vividly . I did not expect the definitive biography of Anne and Mary Boleyn by any stretch of the imagination . What I did expect though was at least an attempt at treating the characters with a modicum of respect and remaining true as far as possible to what we know about them , as well as a gripping and enjoyable story . TOBG provided neither.This author claims to be a `` feminist historian . '' However there is nothing `` feminist '' about the portrayal of the women here , in fact like a previous reviewer , I think it 's bordering on misogynist
 Many reviewers are condemning Miss.Gregory for the harsh portrayal she made on Anne Boleyn -LRB- Introducing her as a power hungry/evil woman who manipulates other people 's feelings and is striving for Global recognition -RRB- In short Miss.Gregory has used all those false/inaccurate accusations that were against Anne Boleyn as solid facts in this novel to further our dislike for her person . As if it were n't enough that the character is already portrayed as an ungrateful/spawn of Satan/absolute b * tch to everyone around her including and perhaps especially her own innocent sister but it is also strongly suggested that Anne Sleeps with her own Brother George and for what you say ? For creating a male heir , when Henry could n't give her one when Tudor England was a time commoners and nobles heck even doctors alike all believed women were responsible for their child 's sex ! I 'm not sure if the author was willing to neglect this fact like what she did so frequently while writing this book but the science of genetics did n't exist in Tudor England . We know this things now after years and years of research but people back then -LSB- were n't -RSB- aware of the X & Y chromosomes . So for Anne Boleyn to commit incest with her brother George -LSB- because he can give her a * male * heir to the throne -RSB- is not only improbable but highly inaccurate.Unfortunately , the plot does n't help us as -LSB- readers -RSB- sympathize or empathize with Mary Boleyn -LSB- Who is portrayed as the sweet/naive/innocent girl that falls into the claws of her overly ambitious family -RSB- which is something Miss.Gregory very clearly wants us to do . Historical inaccuracies aside there is n't much likable about Mary 's Characterization in this novel she is represented as a sweet/innocent child of 13 -LSB- I know it was common for women to marry early back then -RSB- but yet she already commits adultery with the King and avoids her husband in the process but it 's O.K because her family forced her into this . She betrays her Queen Katherine of Argon by stealing the letters she sends to her Spanish relations for her family to use it in their spawn but yet again that 's perfectly suitable because she loves Katherine . Her Husband eventually dies and Mary gets over his death in lighting speed -LSB- which is perfectly fine but does n't render any affection towards the character -RSB- then she falls in love with another man , marries him and leaves her maddening sister to her own devices which would render her downfall . A sister that she does n't even care about and hates.The Plot yet again does n't make sense . If we were to believe that the Boleyns really pushed their daughters into the arms of King Henry VIII and eventually into his bed -LSB- Yet again another inaccurate assumption/doubtful -RSB- and that both Mary 's children were Henry 's -LSB- yet again another improbability -RSB- then one keeps wondering why would the Boleyns replace the Younger -LSB- more -RSB- fertile sister with the Older and shrewish sister ? Anne Boleyn was n't a Power maniac who seduced the King ruthlessly and tricked him into marrying her . Thus ruining her family 's good graces and digging her own grave . It is was -LSB- death -RSB- to disobey the King . If Henry VIII wanted Anne in his bed it would 've been really foolish for her to tell him -LSB- NO -RSB- or to run away . She knew the destiny of her sister Mary and how she was no more than a mistress , she probably did n't want to repeat that fate and did what she could with what she had . Got the best out of the situation . Whatever Anne was it is clear enough that Henry wanted her badly to not only leave his Queen of so many years for a woman of no noble blood but to break with the Church of Rome in a time were the protestant faith was looked upon as heresy.If Anne was -LSB- What -RSB- this novel claims then it 's a wonder she did n't have her head cut off the first five minutes she entered the court . I 'm Not a fan of Anne Boleyn having more interest in her daughter Elizabeth but she was more than just sex and lies . I know it 's Historical -LSB- Fiction -RSB- and the authors take some liberties but show the woman was some slack . And the reformation ? Show us that this is what had caused England years and years of Religious turmoil.Can this Novel be enjoyable ? Yes , but only if one treated it as the way it should be a -LSB- fictional -RSB- account plucked out of the author 's imagination Not as what Miss.Gregory want us to treat as which is Historical facts or High Probabilities.PS , It is mentioned somewhere in the novel that Anne & Mary 's mother has also been rumored to sleep with the King . In this light the author portrays the Boleyns as nothing short of concubine providers for the King 's amusement which is ridicules and unnecessary . Plus , almost disturbing to think that Henry was possibly but improbably a father to either Mary or Anne ! -LSB- Disgusting -RSB- PSS , The author claims to be a feminism writer and wants to show that in her novels . I think derogatory is the more accurate term . Portraying women who are sex slaves as angels while ambitious once as evil to society .
 Where to begin ? Mary was not the youngest Boleyn , but the oldest . She was not an innocent teenager when she began her affair with Henry ; she had already earned a bad reputation during her youth in France . There is no convincing evidence that her family pushed her into Henry 's bed , or that they were rewarded for doing so . Her father and her husbands were already faithful servants of the king ; the titles and lands they received from him were no more than what would be expected for their service . The king made some provision for Mary 's daughter Catherine , who was almost certainly his , but none for her son Henry , who probably was not . There is no evidence that Anne ever slept with Percy , or that she poisoned anybody , or that there was a secret band of homosexuals gathered around her at court , or that she ever considered incest with her brother.On the contrary , the Boleyns were known for their devotion to the Reformers ' cause , long before the king 's eye landed on the younger daughter of the house . As queen , Anne gave generously to support the New Learning and appointed Reforming priests where she could . She was little liked by the mass of the people , who never really gave her a chance , but there were also those who respected her - such as Archbishop Crammer , who owed his career to her intervention . For a better account of her and her sister , read ... almost anything else . But specifically Mary Boleyn
 Was Gregory on drugs when she wrote this novel ? Because thats what it seems like ! This book was a big let-down . I bought it expecting a book about Anne and Mary Boleyn , not some evil witch and a snivveling brat . How can someone give this trash FIVE STARS ?! Save yourself some money and leave this book on the shelf . Buy the Weekly World News instead . It 's more accurate .
 Now , I do not mind some artistic freedom , I.E. condensing the time frame , adding new characters and events as long as the truth remains intact . Not so here and as a modern woman it SICKENS me to see a nobody like Mary Boleyn who , during her time , was known as a slut and stupid , easy tramp , being elevated to be innocent heroine while a a fascinating , brilliant woman like Anne Boleyn is turned into a tasteless , swearing , slutty bitch . Where is Anne 's wit , her elegance , her charm and her lively humor ? Has n't poor Anne been maligned enough ? And this author even believes that she committed incest and adultery , something that NO historian worth his money would agree with ? Warnicke , the historian Gregory based some of her theories on , frigging distanced herself from this drivel , what does that tell you?Another thing that BUGGED me senseless
 When I saw `` The Other Boleyn Girl '' in stores next to books by Tracy Chevalier , I assumed it would be the same style of writing -- elegant , understated , and ultimately heartwrenching . For some reason , though , I was reluctant to pay full price for it . I eventually picked it up at the library , and was confirmed in my hesitation.For a book where plot and intercharacter relationships are essentially the same thing , I came away from `` The Other Boleyn Girl '' without understanding many of the crucial relationships . Gregory tells us what characters do , but not why they do it , nor how they feel . When she does touch on emotions , the writing falls flat , and the event is trivialized . Worse in my eyes , though , is Gregory 's treatment of the book 's darker themes . She hints at events that are never seen by the protagonist . By the novel 's completion , neither the main character nor the reader is quite certain what occurred.The only thing that saved `` The Other Boleyn Girl '' from a one star review is the amount of detail and research that was obviously put into life in the court of Henry VIII . It is the book 's saving grace , but it 's not worth trudging through 672 pages . If you 're looking for some easy , worthwhile reading , look elsewhere .
 I 'm surprised how well this book is reviewed . It is an interesting topic and Gregory obviously had to do some research to write a historical novel . However , I wished she had also remembered to work on her writing skills . I found this book to lack intimacy , which is so strange considering it is written in 1st person . At times , it was so detached and seemed to just be a run down of details . I did n't feel anything for Mary or the other main characters . Mary 's voice completely lacked a personal touch . I did n't understand the main character 's internal being , and the book was over 600 pages . Really good writers can make you feel for and understand a main character in a short story . With this book , I felt like I was reading a rough draft that had n't yet been flushed out and revised to include richer word choices , better character connection , metaphor , etc. . It just really lacked something.That said , I found the topic interesting so I went and saw the movie . The movie , though only 2 hours , demonstrated more of the character 's thoughts and passions and fears and motivation than the book did . Usually it is the opposite - a book gives you so much more than a movie possibly can . Not in this case .
 My friend gave me this book since she knew I liked historical novels . Let 's get one thing straight . This is a fictional account on some historical and empirical facts . So with that in mind , this book is nothing else but a harlequin romance novel . If you enjoy this genre , then you will like this book .
 Creating Anne Boleyn as the caricature of a mean spirited , ambitious and conniving woman perpetuates the myth that women are the downfall of men . It shows how Anne Boleyn is the temptation and how Henry VIII took the bait . In order to marry Anne , the King decides to renounce the Papacy and form his own Church.This book also does n't do much in terms of any feminist interpretation of the Boleyn sisters . Gregory reinforces how the good and virtuous Mary ends up well taken care of and lives the life she always wanted by being patient , caring and loyal . On the other hand , Anne ends up beheaded because of her ambitions to be in a position of power . Is Gregory saying that all women who strive to be in a position of power are evil and conniving?I found this book to be in very poor taste . It was historically inaccurate and degrades women .
 With an emphasis on the `` fiction '' part ! This could 've been a really good novel but it fell way short . I guess I just prefer historical fiction to be well , historical !
 I liked how it started , with the beheading of a relative . And details of court life were interesting , at the beginning , but became tedious with the repetitiveness . This book really could have been half or one-third the size , it drug on and on and on . Getting to the end was a relief , I doubt I 'll read another book by this author .
 Anyone who treasures good historical fiction will , after reading -- or trying to read -- THE OTHER BOLEYN GIRL -- see at once that they stumbled upon what we once called a `` dime novel '' - that pejorative characterizing hack writing , which in our time is seen most often in historical romances-novels peopled with superficial modern characters costumed in period dress . THE OTHER BOLEYN GIRL is such a novel . In our time of computers , the internet and blogs , the dime novel has been given new life through heavy promotion and phony critiques . It 's a world where lies flourish , and publications such as `` Publishers Weekly '' with their fatuous critiques , become co-conspirators in this deception .
 I only have to say this , historical facts can be correct , and still have good or even better fiction . Anya Seton proved that , with Katherine . Fact it seems , as in Elizabeth 1 , if studied , is far far more interesting than any fiction made to soup up a book or even film . Philipa Gregory blurs truth and makes it sad , for I rate the book as well as the movie next to nothing.J . Schossow
 Clearly , I 'm in the minority here , and I did only read 112 pages , or the first two chapters.Abominable . Painful in its lack of subtlety or craft.The language of the book does nothing to evoke the 16th century . At one point , the main character practically says `` Whatever ! '' -LRB- I forget her actual comment , and I 'm not going to torture myself by turning on my Sony PRS to search for one line in a crummy book . -RRB- It should be a good movie . It clearly goes for the gusto with sex and intrigue , but that 's all it has
 This book may be fine as a fantasy , but I feel it is ridiculous to rewrite actual people 's lives and rewrite history just for a buck . Much of this book is a complete fabrication , and I am afraid many will take this book as factual . Now it 's a movie so even more people can be misguided .
 The book reads like it was written for a fifth grade reading level . If this does n't bother you , then maybe the immature character development will . The characters are all so wooden . Anne is the conniving , overly ambitious coquette and her sister Mary is the unwilling courtier who longs for the country . To the author
 This is one of those books which I felt started off really badly - and so any other brilliance in it was very much marred by the bad start . I found the first part which is a description of an execution rather curious - although it is clearly written to shadow a scene at the end of the book - but Mary Boleyn - the narrator of the story is watching an execution and waiting for Henry to commute the sentence ... which she apparently believes he will . I can not recall a single instance where in the middle of an execution he did this - there may well be but they certainly do n't seem to be well documented . So right at the start I was a bit nonplussed.In the very next chapter Mary describes herself as ` the youngest Boleyn girl '' who is waiting for her sister Anne to return from France . Now this is patently wrong . Mary was the eldest girl - she went to France first in the retinue of Henry VIII 's sister who married the King of France . Anne Boleyn , her younger sister , followed later . Francois , the king of France even described Mary Boleyn as the most promiscuous woman at the French court - and this was at a time when the French court was highly promiscuous.After that I found myself very much at odds with much of the material in the book - I found it hard to enjoy what was patently a plot device -LRB- making Mary the younger sister -RRB- to try to build up some kind of rivalry between the two sisters over Henry 's affections.There was a great deal that was well written and an interesting interpretation of what very little material there is on the Boleyn life at court -LRB- of any of the family -RRB- and one of the most memorable instances is when Anne and Mary are talking together and I think it is Anne who points out that they are valueless really except that they are interchangeable by their family who wish to get on at court and thus will throw either one or the other under the eye of the King to try to get preference . There is also a great deal about the rivalry between the Somerset family and the Howard 's -LRB- Anne and Mary 's mother was a Howard -RRB- and the changing fortunes of each family as they managed to get their profferred female into Henry 's bed.Interesting but disappointing at the same time .
 My first thought while reading this book was to wonder what the author has against Anne Boleyn . It appears to be quite a lot . It also raised an intriguing question . Does the author have this poor a relationship with her own sister ? She must , if she has one , or she would not refer to all such relationships as competative and resentment driven , which is the main of several hammers she continually hits the reader over the head with.Historically it takes all the wildest accusations of a suspicious and superstitious era toward a woman whose demise was determinedly orchestrated for political purposes , and uses them as the `` facts '' upon which the story revolves . I was very disappointed in that , and the continual harping of the `` other Boleyn girl '' Mary about the hate -LRB- her word , frequently used -RRB- she felt toward her sister . The scene when Anne is due to arrive , -LRB- after Mary has fervently wished her to drown in passage -RRB- when Mary throws herself into Anne 's arms in joyous welcome , is just one example of the discordant elements in these relationships which never become defined and never make any sense.There are endless inaccuracies and a deliberate disregarding of those few things that are known for certain . Much of the information is still being argued by true historians.It has never been clear for example , which was eldest and no , everyone does not agree that Mary was the eldest herself . That argument continues . I do n't have a problem with an author making a suggestion of her own , it can make for interesting contemplation , but not to the degree of sensationalism achieved here . I do n't believe there one lurid possibility she did n't include . It becomes just another trashy novel.And that cute little piece When Mary as a girl , witnesses an execution , with all its heavy handed , and punishingly obvious portents and symbolism , is the first hammer alongside the headAll I can say further is `` I 'm sorry Anne , for both of us , but at least you did n't have to read the thing . Heaven knows why I did . ''
 I am in my final year of graduate school , about to receive my Master 's in History . I bought `` TOBG '' in an airport in Minnesota , en route to California , hoping for a good vacation book . And sadly , that 's all it is . If you 're looking for anything serious about the Tudor Era , this is NOT IT . I read this book like one would read the National Enquirer -- scandalized and titillated , intrigued and entertained -- but NOT historically fulfilled . This book is seriously a little bit of minor research into the lives of the Boleyns and the Tudors , and then a huge slog of rumors about Anne Boleyn propegated as truth . What honest history Ms. Gregory leaves in is random and awkward -LRB- such as the mention of Anne 's dog , Purkoy , which was haphazardly thrown in towards the end , after he was long dead -- only someone who truly had read up on their Tudor history would recognize and understand such an obscure reference -RRB- . Her writing style is a tad awkward as well . Enjoyable , but awkward.What saddens me is this latest rash of interest in King Henry VIII and his court , probably spawned by this and the TV show , `` The Tudors . '' People who read Gregory in the hopes of learning more about the era are going to find themselves sadly bereft of any real historical knowledge . If you are really interested in reading about Anne Boleyn , pick up `` The Six Wives of Henry VIII '' by Alison Weir . Do n't be daunted by the length -- it 's a really good read , with a lot of factual information . Read Gregory like you would read a tabloid -- for entertainment , without believing a word of it .
 I could n't stand this book . Not only does it completely butcher history , it maligns Anne and makes her sister Mary look like a saint -LRB- when in fact she had also been a mistress to King Francis of France before coming to Eng . Court -RRB- . * SPOILERS *
 Okay . There are a multitude of things that struck sour with this book . I have to wonder why Philipa Gregory seems out to get Anne Boleyn ; so determined to paint this ambitious , intellegent woman as a sexually predatory harpy . What was I supposed to take from this book ? Wanting power is bad ? Marry a country man and have lots of babies?But I would n't have minded that if the book had been well-written . Gregory is entitled to espouse whatever philosophy about history she chooses , and of course she can play fast and loose with the facts , as it 's fiction . But the book was slow and too long -LRB- and keep in mind , I adore long books -RRB- , and man , was her characterization all over the place . Mary Boleyn varies between painting herself as a sexually innocent bystander and a knowledgable schemer , vying for the reader 's sympathy while at the same time betraying her own sister 's trust . She spends half the book longing for a simple country life , but when it 's offered to her , demures she could n't possibly lower herself like that . It 's hard to get into a novel where the main character is so unlikable -- and on the other side of the fence , Anne does n't develop AT ALL as a character . Oh , everyone in the book makes lots of references to the change in her personality , but such does not for character growth make . She begins the book as a conniving witch , she ends the book as a conniving witch who happens to be a dead queen.Which leads to my greatest complaint.Ms . Gregory -- please , for the love of God , grab the nearest dictionary and look up the word `` subtlety . `` If you studied even ONE of Shakespeare 's plays in school you know that Anne Boleyn , mother of Queen Elizabeth I , was imprisoned in the Tower and then executed after only a few years of marriage to Henry VIII . So I do not understand Gregory 's constant need to HINT AT IT . Reading this book is the literary equivalent of dodging anvils . From the first chapter -LRB- and it 's a long book , people -RRB- , Anne is saying things like : `` Do -LSB- such and such -RSB- ? I would rather lay my head on the block ! `` Ka-BOOM ! `` This room makes me feel as if I were locked in the Tower ! `` Ke-RUNCH ! `` I would lay down my life to capture the king . `` Ka-POW ! And it does n't stop there . With every page characters discussed the hardship of choosing between sisters , what the Bible says about bedding one sister and marrying the other , etc , etc. . I wanted to shout , `` I get it ! I get it ! `` Which is not to say the book is a total waste of time . The historical events were interesting on their own , and it was a lot of fun to read about Gregory 's conception of court life . But overall , reading it made my brain feel bruised .
 This is a light read -- two dimensional characters and a heavy dose of anachronism -- and it 's easy to get sucked into believing this is `` as it was . '' But this is NOT an accurate portrayal of Anne Boleyn . In fact , I could n't help but feel a little depressed at how such an educated , passionate , courageous , ahead-of-her-time woman was treated in this novel . Gregory 's portrait is of little more than a pathological sadist bent on achieving her goals at all costs . Talk about subtle characterization -- the author practically slaps you in the face every other page with the sibling rivalry theme ! Anyone wishing to learn the truth about Anne after should check out Eric Ive 's biography -- and in the meantime take this for what it is
 The hallmarks are all there -- the air of virtue and innocence , the first love quickly disillusioned , jealousy , backbiting , a second romance that proves to be the reason for living -- yes , we will someday see some actress playing Mary Boleyn on the Lifetime channel in `` The Other Boleyn Girl . '' That 's all this novel is fit for . Mary Boleyn is the most bovine `` heroine '' I 've ever encountered , and Philippa Gregory 's writing never gets above the Weepie of the Week level . The Boleyns are a fascinating subject for fiction ; they are n't served well or made interesting by Gregory 's book ...
 It seems most housewives liked this poorly written book . I did not ! If you liked it , I 'm sure you 'll like Harem , another work of hysterical -LRB- `` historical '' -RRB- fiction . Serious readers beware !
 Could n't keep my interest . I love historical books but it seemed too long for me .
 I would not recommend Phillipa Gregory 's much-hyped The Other Boleyn Girl . I 'm the sort of person who keeps reading a book that does n't make a good first impression , hoping it 'll improve . Some six-hundred pages later , I realized The Other Boleyn Girl never got good . Please do n't waste your time ! Gregory summed up executions of significant characters with lines such as `` He was executed the next day . '' Nothing triggers any emotional response in the reader ! It 's extraordinary . It seems as though Gregory went out of her way to make this possible.Of course , it 's a matter of opinion . I simply found it to be void of anything of substance . I was n't made to care about the characters or how the events played out . And only sex carried the plot along!Also , I think a good amount of the book was from Gregory 's imagination , not historical facts . I 'm not trying to suggest Anne was never executed or she did n't have a sister or anything of the sort . And I know in this genre much is left to the author 's imagination and interpretation ; it has to be . It 's not as though there 's a record of everything that was said and done by everyone surrounding any given event in history . But Gregory herself , when asked how she researches for her books , said she first goes to secondary sources . She never mentioned using primary sources . Yes , they can be biased -LRB- if they 're from someone 's perspective they 're going to be -RRB- , but they 're first-hand accounts . Who better knows how something played out than a person who was in the middle of it , witnessing it ? In addition , her dialogue is inconsistent . It 's ridiculously modern at some points , then flowery at others . I know it ca n't be written Shakespeare-style ; it has to be readable and understandable . But I think we could be a little more sophisticated ! No one said `` stuff '' back then , for example , as in , `` All this stuff is making me mad . '' She could n't work a little harder than that ?? If you want the stereotypical historical fiction whose foundation is built on fancy dresses , sex , and scandal , this soap-opera mimic is perfect . If you 're like me and want to learn something in the process , however ... As I 've made obvious , I was sorely disappointed . Just thought I 'd pass my warning along . I do n't want anyone else wasting his time !
 The Other Bolyen Girl was okay . But it had a lot of historical problems . First of all it has Anne as being Mary 's older sister , but really its the other way around . It also has Anne as this horrible person , when she was n't . It has Anne stealing Henry from Mary and wanting to be Queen , but Anne never wanted this . All Anne wanted was to marry Harry Persy . Also it has an actual affair between Anne and George which NEVER happened . Also the sexual scenes are too much in the book . Tell me they had sex , but do n't tell me every little detail ! Other than all the wrong stuff about Anne this book was okay . WARNING ! Do not read this book if you do n't want to hear all about other peoples problems and how they made themselves the victim !
 It 's true that historical fictional novels do n't have to stick strictly to facts . But `` The Other Boleyn Girl '' is completely unconvincing as a novel , not because of its sensationalism , exaggeration , and gross misrepresentation of historical facts , but the dubious characterisation of the two sisters . Mary is the innocent , sweet , moral heroine who is forced to become the King 's mistress due to her family 's hunger for power . Anne is the cold and calculating villain whose every word points to her monstrous greed and selfishness . The characters are very much one-dimensional , it 's like reading a children 's fairy tale about how a beautiful and kind heroine fights off the mean and ugly baddies.Gregory 's idea of Mary narrating England 's most famous historical affair is brilliant . She had an opportunity to write a brilliant masterpiece to both entertain and stimulate . Despite the popularity of the novel my personal reaction to TOBG is that it 's tedious and distasteful . This book belongs in the soft porn section of stores rather than works of historical fiction . The dialogues are so vulgar and unrealistic as conversations of two upper-class sisters in the 16th century England . To me they sounded like something you 'd read in a trashy magazine article by a prostitute who did n't pass high school English .
 Yes the inaccuracies bothered me , but besides that this book was so incredibly boring . I began reading it and quit at about chapter two , then i decided to give it another try , but it was so boring I just gave up . Was it ever going to get good or even interesting ? I just could not force myself to stick with it long enough to find out .
 I could n't put this book down . It 's a real page turner and kept me up til 3 am trying to finish it before I had to go to sleep . Full love/drama which is what I love about this one.While I found this book to be an excellent read , I am disappointed in the pricing . The Kindle eBook edition is $ 12.99 while the print version is only $ 10.88 . eBooks cost essentially nothing to distribute , so why the eBook version costs more baffles me . This price difference made me so angry I refused to purchase this eBook or the print version and give the publishers money for ripping me off . I borrowed the print version of this book from a friend instead .
 This book was awful . I like historical fiction but I expect the author to do the homework and keep it realistic for the time . She has the female character go riding off alone on the road to find her lover . Imagine that a lady would do that in those dangerous times - I do n't think so ! She does n't do anything with the final romance with the servant . It was boring . The only thing this book did was make me look up the real history to see what really happened . There was no way that Henry sired a son with this girl - he was desparate for sons and would have claimed the child even if it was a illegitimate . I wo n't read anything else by this author .
 Go into this novel understanding that the writing will be stylistically poor , the characters one-dimensional , and the plot development a bit static , and you can still eke out some enjoyment from it.When I began reading , I realized how shockingly little I actually knew about the subject and wanted to learn more about these fascinating people . Unfortunately , I had to go outside the book to do so . Not a single character breaks out of one-dimensionality . No one is developed past a single defining trait , which quickly become dead horses as , at every opportunity , Gregory repeats them for you . On page 10 , all that can be said of Mary and Anne is that each is respectively sweet/naive and cunning/ambitious . Read another hundred pages and still no more can be said of either.This lack of fundamental development plagues her writing in all aspects , but I wo n't list them and rant . I can understand the one star reviews some give . However , if she must write poorly , at least she writes poorly about an interesting microcosm in history . Though the characters will still be soulless strangers to you upon finishing , hopefully you 'll share my experience of having a piqued interest in this period that you can pursue.While I was amused by it and am glad to have read it , I ca n't in good conscience give a rating of 3 stars . It is a below average work . If you 're looking for a beach read -LRB- unchallenging , reads quickly -RRB- , this is probably your book .
 I suppose my first review was n't approved . I have finished the book and my opinion has been elevated slightly . I can give it two stars . Once I got past the first 150 pages , the tone of the book improved , but then the original tone returned at the end and I was disappointed and annoyed , almost as if the beginning and end were written and then the middle came much later -- or it was edited by two different editors ... it does n't flow somehow and I ca n't put my finger on it.So although I give it two stars now , it 's still not worth the $ 7.99 to me . I still wonder if the movie might not be the rare occasion that improves upon the book . I still feel that Gregory writes more to appeal more to those who enjoy the Romance novel genre . It may be `` historical '' fiction but it takes serious liberties with the history -- and that 's fine . I 've just happened to read historical romance that was more consistently written as well as being better developed than `` The Other Boleyn Girl '' . I really do n't understand the hype .
 PG to me seems to want to rewrite history to make Mary Boleyn more important than she actually was.I wonder what PG has against Anne Boleyn . She seems to sympathize way too much with Katharine and Mary . The idea of Anne as a wicked stepmother persecuting ` poor innocent Mary ' is false as Mary 's treatment worsened after Anne was beheaded . Also , while Mary was no monster , she is responsible for the deaths of her own people . She is not innocent by any means . The young Mary deserves pity , the adult Mary does not.Anyway , PG takes every rumor about Anne and presents them as fact and even invents a new one , such as Anne adopting Mary 's son . There is no basis in fact for this . Having read her later works , it seems to me PG despises Anne and her daughter Elizabeth . I understand this is fiction , but many people who are not as educated in history as myself may take this as fact . I am very concerned , especially since Anne is long dead and can not stand up for herself.As for the book -- I am not squeamish in regards to sex . But PG has written a porno , not a novel . For example , `` Put your fingers in your cunny ... '' I had to skip over half the book due to scenes like this . PG , please leave this to your readers ' imagination . We do not need to know what Henry and Anne Boleyn did in the bedroom!There is one thing I will say for this book and that is that it got historical fiction going again . That is why I give this book a very generous 2 stars .
 If OK magazine and Penthouse had been writing in the 1500 's this is what they would have come up with.First , it is a badly written book . It is essentially bad Tudor porn . No characters are well written , and they are all insufferable . Honestly they could n't behead Anne fast enough for me . Even Mary , who should have been the heroine/likeable one was a winy , annoying character.Second , if you 're going to make it up just call it fiction and do n't try to pass it off as history . Do some basic research . If I can refute the basic `` facts '' of your book in 5 minutes with Google , it 's not history in any sense of the word.This book does not deserve to be a best seller , she does not deserve to be identified as an historical fiction writer . I look at author recommendations on books , and if she recommends it I put it down and move on .
 Such a dissapointment , a true waste of money , it was clearly not a historic novel , nothing , nothing , nothing worth reading . I agree with a previous review , two-dimensional characters , the too-innocent Mary , the too-evil Anne , the too-merry George ... It also annoyed me the detailed reference to sex , which was NOT adding any valuable information about the plot . I was misled from the previous good reviews , but now i know better ... I read it , I always read the books I buy , but I was so frustrated , never again this writer . NEVER
 I decided to read this book because I was really interested in seeing the movie . I did not know much about the history of the Tudors nor Anne Boleyn . But I could tell right away by reading this book that the author , Philippa Gregory is extremely biased towards Anne Boleyn . She 's turned her book into a critique of how women , such as Anne , who are struck by ambition into some kind of incestuous monster who is ready to push anyone out of her way . To me , there are two types of books
 The Other Boleyn Girl was a very , very long ten day ride . i spent half that time clutching the book tightly in my hands , unable to put it down , and the other half staring at it in utter disgust . I 'll talk about what I liked first , because that 's the easiest . I loved the description of everyday court life , and I loved how treacherous it could be for those who did n't know how to play the game . The masques , jousts , feastings , and clothes were all described in vivid detail , and I felt like I was right in the middle of things . Also , Philippa Gregory foreshadows a lot in the first couple chapters , and even those who do n't know the history of Anne Boleyn can nearly guess what will happen to her towards the end.Unfortunately , that 's about it for the good ... because everything else about this book made me mad.As most other reviewers have mentioned , Philippa Gregory clearly hates Anne Boleyn with a passion . I want to be a writer one day , and I 've taken classes and read books about writing , and despite being the amateur I am , I know historical fiction writers should n't let their biases show through their work . Why this woman has it in for Anne Boleyn , I do n't know ... Maybe she was Katherine of Aragon in a past life or something . -LRB- Sorry , KOA , just trying to explain my point ! -RRB- Anyway , Anne is completely made into such a Machevellian villain in this book and she is demonized . All of a sudden , she 's committing murders , stealing sons , poisoning people , and resorting to incest and witchcraft to create a male heir . All the things she was accused of and died for , but was proved to be innocent of doing.Speaking of incest , Anne and George 's relationship was the sickest thing I have ever read in my entire life . Anne needed to be seen as desirable by every man including her brother , and they could n't decide whether they wanted to be siblings or lovers . They spent the book giving long desiring looks at each other , kissing , touching , and at one point , naive little Mary leaves them alone together ... in bed . She is completely fascinated by all this and it is n't until they are arrested when their supposed incest comes to light and she realizes the deformed baby Anne gave birth too was n't the king 's , but George 's . Even if Anne needed a son that badly , she did n't have to jump into bed with her brother . I 'm sure other men were probably willing . Ugh , and speaking for someone who has a brother , I need to go vomit ... Every character in this book was annoying and one dimensional . Anne was dark and evil . Mary was light and good . Henry was a fat selfish horndog who passed a new law every five minutes to satisfy his needs . Jane Parker was described as having a sly smile every two pages . Katherine of Aragon was a saint as was Jane Seymour . The Boleyn/Howard family were unfeeling villains who pimped out their daughters/nieces left and right , and did n't care who was in bed with the king . The only characters I liked were George -LRB- until he became all incestous with Anne -RRB- , William Carey , and William Stafford . I have no idea what the latter two saw in my biggest problem with the novel
 II will admit first of all that I did not finish this book . I had never read a book by Philippa Gregory and since I like historical fiction I thought I would give her books a try . I have never been a fan of romance so that might be why I found this book light on the history and heavy on the romance . It was just not my cup of tea .
 The third part of this book is devoted to establishing Catholic `` Mary '' as GOD . This is nothing but Catholic propaganda that is absolutely not true . `` Mary '' spews messages calling her followers her children . Let me clarify this absurdity
 I must agree with Schroedinger that this is a poorly written book . It seems that novices who 've only seen one or two quantum physics texts in their lives fall for the smooth talking style of Griffiths . Do n't fall for it ! For example , the section on angular momentum and spin is one of the worst I 've ever read . Griffiths gets the reader lost in a heap of math without taking the time to describe the picture behind it . -LRB- I 'm not complaining about the level of math in the book , but his failure in communicating the physical insight or feeling of quantum phenomena . -RRB- Even the small book by Paul Davies is better written and more insightful than Griffiths.My personal recommendations are the Feynman Lectures on Physics -LRB- volume III -RRB- and Introduction to the Quantum Theory by David Park -LRB- even Griffiths acknowledges in his own text that Park is an excellent book -RRB- . After these two you may want to hit Shankar or Sakurai . -LRB- As I said above , the book by Davies is pretty good too . -RRB-
 There a several things I have come to dislike about this book . The first is in the overall treatment of the subject matter . The explanations are incomplete and sometimes you can be left wondering how one equation follows from another . Griffiths also introduces symbols or notations without giving a formal definition of what it is . As a result of this , reading the actual text is usually of no help when it comes to solving the more difficult problems . It is infuriating to look at a problem for over three hours and still have absolutely no clue as to how to go about solving it . I have no problem with very difficult problems that take hours , but I would like to spend the time actually working on the problem , instead of staring at it , wondering where to start or what that notation means that the author never defined . Not recommended .
 The book has a few good parts , but there are just too many flaws to grant anything higher than one star . Griffiths leaves many important steps out , sometimes leaving them to the problems or just not covering them at all . Some topics are covered too briefly to be of any help.This book seems to be popular among some students because of his informal writing style , but they should be more cautious . Many professionals I have talked to agree that this is not a good book to start learning QM from . There are many good books out there that you should consider before getting this one -LRB- if you have a choice -RRB- .
 Get this
 I first saw this book as a graduate student . Some fellow students had used this book as an undergraduate text . With all due respect to said fellow students , they have barely the ability to articulate the most simple statements of Quantum Mechanics . If you 're goal is to have a basic understanding of the machinary and principles of Quantum Mechanics , then buy either Liboff or Landau.That being said , I could see how this book could have its uses . If youA -RRB- do not understand linear algebra.B -RRB- do not understand differential equations.C -RRB- have fond memories of 3rd grade math.D -RRB- would like to impress your friends with the uncertainty principle.then buy this book .
 This is the worst book I have ever used throughout college . A person who has not had Quantum Mechanics would not understand it by using this book . It does not provide enough examples nor explanation . Certain topics are not discussed in detail and there are some topics that are not discussed at all . Where is the background information ? This book needs to be discontinued !
 This text is much like Griffith 's intro to electrodynamics . If you do n't need to learn anything , and just want a simple answer to basic questions , buy this book . If , however , you are taking a class in quantum mechanics , do n't waste your money . Griffith brings up interesting questions without ever answering them . He offers no assistance in solving the more demanding problems which would aid the learning process . If you 're majoring in physics stay away from Griffith as a whole . Rholf is a much better publisher and writer . Check out his texts if you 're serious about an education .
 At first , the easy going style appealed to me . When I began reading other texts , such as Liboff 's excellent ` Introductory Quantum Mechanics ' , I realized the shortcomings of Griffiths . The maturity level of the book is horribly inconsistent . For instance , there is NO formalism presented regarding representations of operators or on the ideas of an abstract Hilbert Space . But when it comes to scattering , he uses contour integration , an approach not even used in the more formal Cohen-Tannoudji text . It is interesting to also note how Griffiths wastes an entire chapter on the variational principle -LRB- a subject left as an exercise in Liboff -RRB- . It should be noted that a student should learn , at some point in his/her undergraduate career , how to read more formal material so as to have more difficult subject matter accesible in further study . Griffiths book does not accomplish this goal as a student who has had only this as a foundation would be at a serious disadvantage when confronted with standard texts in relativistic quantum mechanics or quantum field theory . A first course would be much better off with Liboff augmented with Feynman 's third volume and perhaps some Cohen-Tannoudji . Griffiths would make good bathroom reading .
 This book is one of the worst texts I have read on the subject of Quantum Mechanics . Griffiths presents the subject in a glib manner presenting the easiest of material in the chapter and leaving the student to drown in problems without a clue of how to proceed . If you ever need to teach yourself Quantum Mechanics , Use the Feynman Lectures .
 I had previously written a review of this text based upon my experiences with it first semester , dealing mostly with chapters 1-4 . Upon further reading of the book and comparison to various other texts -LRB- the Baym , Sakurai and Shankar , specifically -RRB- , I have decided that I need to rewrite my review.First off , the good side
 Perhaps people not expecting too much from an introductory text would be satisfied by the treatment of quantum mechanics in this book , but for those who want a no-holds-barred , give-it-all-to-me text that will inspire some thought should look elsewhere . The jokes and the glossing-over of some of the concepts in the book do not help the understanding of a complicated and non-intuitive subject . Another annoying habit of Griffiths is to provide examples as problems
 What an uninspired , leaden , workmanlike book . Quantum by the numbers , turn the math handle and crank out the answers . Although this is supposed to be an elementary book , there is more mind-numbing math here that many contemporary Physics majors can handle , and there is much less discussion of concepts than they need . If putting a dead pet on the back cover is friendly , this book is friendly!Goswami 's book -LRB- now sadly out of print -RRB- is much better on motivation , and des n't do as much grind-math . I wish there were a book on Quantum that would break the mold and try to be interesting for today 's students , and not just churn out the same old calculations on the same old systems -LRB- harmonic oscillator , hydrogen atom , blah-blah -RRB- . It could have sections on quantum computing , laser trapping ... This is not that book .
 Do n't be fooled by the informal style of this text . Griffiths has a bad habit of leaving many important results to the exercises , and he also briskly jumps over many difficult steps . He does n't even provide a plausability argument for the Schroedinger equation -LRB- I know it 's not necessary , but it would n't hurt to provide the steps how Schroedinger arrived at his famous equation -RRB- . His exercises are very lousy and have little effect in reinforcing the material . A much better book is < I > Principles of Quantum Mechanics < / I > by Shankar or < I > Quantum Mechanics < / I > by Cohen-Tannoudji . In short , Griffiths ' text has too many holes . -LRB- It 's a shame this book is not in par with his excellent < I > Introduction to Electrodynamics < / I > . -RRB-
 I ca n't understand why Mr. Griffiths ' undergraduate physics books are so popular . The low intellectual level of his writing can only discourage more advanced students , yet the physics is so watered down that you wo n't learn much anyways . His books read like a `` Physics For Dummies '' series.Griffiths ' Quantum Mechanics book continues in this tradition . He introduces Schroedinger 's Equation on the FIRST page without giving any of the traditional `` plausibility arguments '' . He bypasses any discussion of the Old Quantum Theory -LRB- Bohr 's Correspondence Principle and the Bohr-Summerfeld quantization conditions -RRB- . He gives a watered down introduction to the Dirac formalism which fails to adequately explain Dirac 's measurement theory and such important concepts as simultaneous eigenkets and non-commuting observables.There are innumerable superior QM books at the undergraduate level . Save your money and forget about Griffiths .
 This book has an interesting plot , but the typos and inconsistencies are very distracting .
 This book was not only a waste of money , but a waste of my time to read it . This writer is out there , on a mystical scale at 10 + + + . It belongs in a refuse container , I would n't even donate it as I did n't want to make society dumber .
 This is a reprint of a previous book . While the text is fairly good , it makes references to many illustrations which are not in the reprinted edition . Therefore , I would not recommend it !
 I bought the book because of its price , and now I know why it sells at that price . It is useless.Leadbeater did n't seem to know who he was writing for
 Could not really get interested in this book . Really do n't care for trilogies . Could n't get into the theme . Sorry . Maybe next time .
 Never received it ! Do n't know why it never downloaded - so do n't know why I got this request for review .
 I had a hard time finishing this book . Not enough adventure for me . I was actually glad when I finally reached the end . I kept thinking the storyline might improve but to no avail . Definitely a disappointment .
 This could have been a wonderful book or romance and coming-of age . But it fails . Is it a romance ? No , because it gives nothing to base the romance on other than curiosity . There is no romantic development . Is it a coming-of-age novel ? No , because there is no character development for the princess . Also , why are Hasan 's passages in the second person ? Who is talking to him ? Not worth the time to read .
 I am a very keen student of palmistry and doing it for 6 years . I have read many books on the subject which are close to 50 . This book is a real waste of money . It is like a story book telling stories 90 % of the time and giving 10 % information which I dare say is true . The author as put up a name synonymous with the great palmist St German to get more people buy this waste of a book.The information in terms of palmistry is so minimum , I could tell all what was in the book in 5 pages.Devil must have struk me when I bought it . I am highly displeased . What a waste of my 10 dollars : -LRB-
 I was assigned to read this book for english class and found this book grossly overrated . I do n't have the slightest clue how this work of garbage ended up on the top 100 books written this century . Considering the amount of time a person wastes reading this book , say three hours , and the amount of people who have and will read it , all the time squandered away adds up to hours , days , years , centurys and eons that have been wasted for nothing . It 's spellbounding .
 While Golding is correct in that there is a dark side to human nature , he is a fool for having created such an implausible plot.Boys of that age rarely attack people under any circumstances.Instaed , they use more subtle forms of psychological warfare.They could only have acted like that if they had had to eat each other to survive . To expect boys to shrug off social conditioning in such a short time is , however absurd .
 Hated it . If your looking for a book that describes the scenery 90 percent of the time . This book is for u.
 This story happens very slowly and painfully . It is the most boring story I have ever read in my entire life . Some of the characters who are meant to be important are never really developed such as Simon and Roger . The only thing that makes this book possibly worth reading is the fact that it is very short and that the symbolic meaning is important and interesting . The message of this story is that we could not survive with no rule . We would become savages . I would not reccomend reading this classic .
 this book had good morals but it was so confusing , that to even understand one of the main points in the book i needed cliffs notes . some of it was exciting inside the chapter but i cant remember one cliffhanger chapter ending . trust me , if you are a teen , take it from another , unless FORCED to read this for school -LRB- like i was -RRB- dont read this book . it isnt worth your effort to read such a terrible book . whoever called it a classic is crazy
 I think the author William Golding was trying to show there is a beast in everyone . I disagree with his message because I think fear is what makes people panic . I think William Golding showed great descriptive settings . I do n't think this book is very believable today b/c of modern day technology . If I could change something I would have showed more of the boy 's future off the island . Overall I rate this book to be fair .
 We read this book in my seventh grade advanced English class last year , and I hated it . The story is this
 The book has a good theme about the break down of socializedbehavior but it gets really boring . The entire plot can be explannedin a pharagraph .
 I was not a fan of this book because i could n't get into the story line . I read it simply for school , not pleasure
 I did not enjoy this book at all.In my opinion , this book tends to be a bit wordy and boring . The dialogue can be hard to follow at times , especially if you are unfamiliar with English slang of that time period . I had to force myself to read it , and the only reason I did so was because it 's a classic . Although I get the point and I understand why the book has appeal , the writing did n't speak to me at all . Even if the story itself is good , and even though there is an underlying meaning that is worth conveying , to me , it 's not worth dredging through the muck that is the writing in order to understand it.It 's really quite unfortunate .
 Ted Brautigan fromHearts In Atlantiscalled this book a rare good story written well -LRB- not a quote , but close enough -RRB- . It must have been in the world from which Ted came . In this world the story is weak , predictable , laboriously plotted , written in rather lame language festering with pronouns and descriptions that paint no picture.The innocence of the age in which the book was written shows through and through
 It 's true ... the book in its entirety is extremely tedious and slow . The author spends a great deal of time describing the setting of the island , and other nuisances . In my opinion , the book did get better in the last couple of chapters , but still , I believe the theme of the book could 've been developed earlier in the novel.The novel is a classic , the theme is excellent , yet I am disappointed with the progress of its plot .
 I just read this book under Bloom 's Notes . It began very boring so I did n't want to continue reading it . It was an okay book I would say if you like that type of literature . The most interesting part of the book was the barbarous man hunt
 I JUST FINISH READING THIS BOOK AND I HAVE READ BETTER BUT I GUESS IT IS OKAY SINCE IT CAME OUT IN THE 50 'S BUT I EXPECT BETTER FROM GOLDING THE BEGINING OF THE BOOK WAS SLOW AND NOT TO THE POINT SOME OF THE CHARATER WERE GREAT AND OTHER NOT SO GREAT THE ENDING WAS THE BEST PART OF THE BOOK BUT TILL YOU GOT TO IT IT WAS NOT WORTH READING I HAVE READ SOME OF HIS OTHER BOOK AND THEY WERE GREAT BUT I DO N'T KNOW WHAT HAPPEN TO THIS ONE CAUSE THIS WAS NOT HIS BEST WORK THE PART ABOUT sIMON DIEING I DID NOT GET AND I READ IT FIVEW TIME AND STILL GET IT AND NEVER WILL GET THERE WAS OTHER PART I DID N'T GET BUT IT WOULD TAKE ALDAY TO TELL THBEM I HOPE YOU READ OTHER HE WROTE BECAUSE THIS WAS NOT HIS BEST
 It was easy enough to read , but it was really weird . The story started off decent , then seemed to get really stupid . Most of the good characters were killed and the ones that wre left were crazy
 This really looks to be very cheaply printed . I am not a big &#34; reader &#34; , this book was mandatory for a class that I am enrolled in . The edges of the pages are not evenly cut . Its like I cut the pages out , one at a time , myself and bound the book . Some pages are wider and some narrower . Not impressed and would certainly consider purchasing a higher quality next time.Not the sellers fault , but the printing company .
 i think this book is very boring , i hated it , my teacher forced me to read it , and the movie we saw was beurk ... i hate this book because the characters are too young and they are all boys so i can not identify with them . so that s all ... big kiss ...
 I hated this book soooo much . do not read it . it was horrible .
 I know this is a classic but I really had a hard time getting through it . I read it in high school and thought to try it again thinking now that I 'm older maybe i would enjoy it more . I did n't
 I found this story to be down right sad and evil . I 'm not so sure I want our youth reading this as required reading in schools . What is one to get out of this ? That man ca n't control himself when left alone on an island and that all we can do is harm eachother . Great writing factually , but horrible plot . I 'm giving this one a 1 star . Next .
 This book is so boring ! The only reason I even finished it was because I had to -LRB- summer reading for english -RRB- .
 We had to read this book in English . The book is not at all suitable for us kids . For one , it is boring , and for two , the book has profanity , and it keeps on saying the same stuff over and over and over again .
 I really do n't understand why many like this book and why it has become a classic . The plot is quite interesting . It 's about 2 planes filled with British kids crashing on a deserted island . First of all , these kids would have died in a few weeks at the most ! There is NO way normal men could kill wild boars , let alone young kids . Weapons are hard to make too , I do n't know how the older young boys , around the age of 13 , can make weapons that is sufficient and adequate enough to use for killing wild boars and other fierce creatures . This book is extremely far-fetched as I see it . But there are interesting elements too , I suppose . It 's very symbolical . There 's some symbols that I did n't fully interpret until I look into them closer , and I thought that was quite intriguing . It brings a more dark atmopshere into this book . One star for symbolism , and another one is to be respective for the effort of this book being made .
 I found this book offering a somewhat scary look at society . Golding seems to think that without society men are just in need of violence and sex , and the book totally forgets about women . I did not care for this book , and found it somewhat hard to follow .
 I had to read this book for literiture class I hated it . my teacher rattled on about the symbolizm in this book.It was so boring and kinda gory.Plus no girls , wasnt they susposed to repopulate the world after nuclear war so not possible wih only boys . The one thing i found interesting was how they acted like wild animals after they had been on the island a while.that was kinda cool.But it was to confusing
 I am 13 years old . I was not required , but chose to read this book . I thaught that it would be somewhat interesting ... I was dead wrong.First of all , Golding is one of the dullest writers ever . For example , he could explain how the tide of the beach would move , or how the sun sets and rises for 2 pages -LRB- this is n't exaggeration -RRB- . Yet he can sum up one of the boy 's death in less than half of a page.Second , if you 've got something to say about society , do n't use teenagers to say it . He obviously knows nothing about the way that real children would act . For example , when the savage boys kill one of the main characters in the story , they do n't say anything like , `` Oh my gosh we 've just killed somebody ! '' , they do say things like , `` See what we did ? Thats what we 'll do to you ! `` He explains about a monster , `` The Beasty , '' very briefly . You never get to find out what it is , why it 's there , or even what it represents.Even if you are some kind of deranged man who likes to read about the deaths ... no ... killings of little children , I still would n't recomend ths book for you . It is too dull to keep up with.Don ' t think of me as some bratty little kid just trying to bring the score of this book down either . I really read this book , and I hated it.For the kids reading this , notice that most other kids do n't like it either.Thank you
 Well I have read this in 7th grade . I really do n't think of it as a great novel . I have read better . It depends on what your taste in novels are I suppose . I know that this is n't a good review on this novel and I am sorry if this misleads you . Well , I suggest to read it before you decide whether or not you like it .
 I hated this book !! It was boring and violent . I did n't want to read it at all , but I had to for school . I had two weeks to read it and I thought , ` oh no problem ' . I could hardly sit and read this book for five minutes !! I will never read this book again .
 I 'm sorry , but I really hated this book ! It was so simpleton and complicated at the same time . And Ralph is all terrible at the beggining and everyone just forgets abut it because he 's their `` great leader '' . I 'm really sorry to everyone who likes this book , though .
 I thought this was a horrible book.It is beautifully written , easy to read , and even real , to a certain extent . You only need to flip through a history book to see the horrible things people have done to other people . But to read about twelve year old boys killing each other is really sick . And that 's what it is
 this was a terrable book dont read it has no plot or story line and you will hate it dont waste your time or money
 Wow . Wow . I can not believe that this has never received less than three stars . Are you guys serious ?? A bunch of boys on an island who turn into savages , and then , at the last minute , when the protagonist is about to die , they get rescued ?? This is , of course , after waiting the whole book for this to happen . Oh , by the way , kill all the good characters , and make a set of twins into a single person . What a fantastic idea !! I do n't quite know what else to say except
 I did n't paticularly enjoy Lord of the Flies , but I must admit , it was fairly interesting ... Lord of the Flies is a novel about a bunch of young boys deserted on an island with no adults or the presence of society , and all the complications that go with that . The whole book is a fight between right and wrong , order and chaos , and intellect and instinct -- Golding was trying to show just how much evil people have hidden inside covered by society , or in other words , that the only reason we ALL are n't savages is because society is always telling us we should n't be ... A very interesting thought , one that I do in a way stand behind , but the actual PLOT and STORY of Lord of the Flies disappointed me , so I do n't believe you should take the time to read the entire book ; just maybe the afterword written by Golding .
 This was described to be a `` good '' or `` like new '' condition -LRB- I do n't remember which now -RRB- paperback of a classic book in a more recent edition . Instead it is actually an extremely ancient , yellowed & smelly paged , hard-covered , paperback-style school-copy dated 1954 , that has no less that 8 student names written in it . Very Nasty ! It is an older edition , stinks , and could not fairly be described as anything better than `` usable if very desperate ! '' We threw it away and will be buying a new one from someone else . Allergies keep us from reading yellowed , smelly , 56 year old , heavily used , cheap books !!
 Book was ok , nothing special . The only issue I had was with the vendor . Book was late to arrive and with postage due .
 I mean I know I bought it used but it came with writing in the margins and half the book was highlighted . Someone 's name and teacher written inside the cover . I bought it as a Christmas gift but that sure is n't happening.Will certainly keep in mind who I bought this from . I am pretty sure I would only buy something listed in good to excellent condition but oh well such is life . Not going to make a big deal out of it because its not worth my time but for future reference just send what people are expecting .
 This book conveyed a great message , but the naive characters were often not satisfactory heroes .
 although paid extra for expedite delivery , this school required book was delivered a month later !
 It was terrible and I like most of the books I read .
 Wow ... This was one of the worst books I have ever read in my life ! Symbolism my ... It 's boring !!!! B-O-R-I-N-G !!!! Do yourself a faovur and rent the movie ...
 All I have to say about this book is that it is disscusting , it is most not for little children
 With all the different scholastic reading options out there , why is this book still on our kids reading lists ? I read it thirty years ago and recently read it again because my kids had too . The language is archaic . The imagery is impossible to grasp . And the subject matter is macabre , not that I have a big issue with that but lets move on already . If it was nonfiction like IN COLD BLOOD then at least I might see some value in it as a human interest story worthy of not forgetting .
 This book was n't the edition that it said it was . On top of that it was full of markings with highlighter and pen . The pages were in good shape except for the writing everywhere . I 'm very disappointed
 Well , how can I review this product when it still have n't arrived . It has apparently been resent but once again has n't arrived . Very disappointed !!!!
 This is a bad product , my package is late i ordered it almost a month ago and still have n't received it
 In my readings of `` The Lord of the Flies '' , I felt the element of the story was slow as a senior citizen . It 's like watching flies breed . This book reminded me of an old `` Surivivor '' episode but without the male nudity . I could see how someone that is a visual learner would like this book . It , however , leaves little to the imagination . Nevertheless , I give it props for being a well-written book . Peace out!Chino High rocks , period !!
 Unfortunately the copy that I recieved repeats Chapter 5 , and is missing Chapters 6 and 7 . We know it is a great story . Bought the book for my kid who needed it for for a school assignment . Quality control is unacceptable .
 Golding 's idea was brilliant . He delved into the true , hidden nature of humans ; our origin as an animal . In his book , a group of young boys are stranded on an island without any adults . They set up a society with rules , goals , and a leader . Of course , this society fails miserably . Rules are disregared , goals are forgotten , and the leader is overthrown . Their miniature civilization degrades into chaos . The implication is that civilization as a whole is just a thin mask that covers our more primal nature.The idea is well thought out and interesting . However , Golding focuses on the details of the boys ' existance and the symbolism of the story to the point that the story itself is lost . The only remotely interesting part is the end , when he stops focusing on the symbolism as much and lets the story drive home the points that he tries to make throughout the book.If you want an examination of human nature , then read this book.If you want an adventure story , look elsewhere .
 This book does n't deserve a review . With all due respect , Golding could n't write a good book to save his life . His writing is reminiscent of Tolkien 's ; he comes up with a great story , and then ruins it with horrible writing . But I suppose I should stop ranting about the book and get on to a summary.A relatively large group of young boys are marooned on an island . One young boy , Ralph , decides he 's the leader because has in his possession a conch shell , which most SpongeBob fans will recognize from one of the episodes . In his `` Inner Circle , '' there are some other boys
 I might just be a teen in high school but I know what I like and this book was not one in my interest . Although William Gerald Golding wrote this worthwhile astonishing book it made no imapct to my opinion . The book was very well presented and had touching moments but lacked the realism that books have to maintain . Its moments of exitement were short lived and really were n't that exciting to begin with . All in all it was a hell of a book to those who actually like reading books . To tell the truth I hardly remember what the book was about .
 As a response to one of the reviews that speaks quite highly of this novel , I would like to say that despite my understanding and comprehension of the book , I still found it entirely dull , boring , and a waste of my time . Since it was required of me to read this book in school , I was forced to make my way through each dragging chapter , but I would have never on my own time , and it 's not because I did n't understand the book that I feel this way about it . My class discussed quite thouroughly about the book 's symbolism , which was Golding 's intention to start out with . Despite its hidden meanings , the novel still remains absolutely ridiculous in the sense that these young British boys turn completely salvage and kill their fellow islanders . If the book was looked at through a totally symbolic perspective , it would make more sense , but in order to understand its symbolism , one still has to read it , and it is really not worth it .
 God this was terrible.A group of children are marooned on a deserted island and must survive on their own . We see the rise and fall of their society as order is achieved ; power corrupts the strongest of the group and the weakest members are dismissed or destroyed and finally chaos rules.Despite my dislike of this book , I 'll admit it is a very true commentary on society . The powerful abuse those weaker than them ; how quickly rules become obsolete when they become inconvenient ; the set roles of people in society -LRB- the chubby guy with glasses can never be as powerful as the cool , good-looking guy -RRB- . If you are not being forced to read this for school , please do n't do it ! The Simpsons parody of it is also a good thing to watch . At least in a cartoon it is entertaining , with just as much commentary on society as the original .
 What I do not understand is how people can like this book ! It is really boring and I do n't really like or understand that Jack guy . I think I would 've given this book a better grade if it had n't started out sooooo slow . Really if you do n't have this book do n't bother getting it unless you want to be confused the first 5 chapters and bored most the rest . It 's just not worth it .
 Golding wrote his worse book yet , when it comes to lord of the flies . He tries to show the evil in mankind , but saince it is a group of -LRB- 5-12 -RRB- year olds it is totally unbelievable . The kids start off all gitty and gay but then turn on each other in a short period of time . The have a democracy at first but then they lose all rules and start killing each other . Ya how real is that ? People this is a group of 5-12 year olds and they are roaming around hunting pigs and killing humans . The meetings start off when Ralph calls a meeting with a conch he found . The group declares Ralph as the leader . Piggy represents rules and guidelines . Roger is supposed to show a misguided soul he proably was picked on when he was at his school
 I read Lord of the Flies and I can honestly say that it is thought of too highly.The symbolism is way to obvious , and pathetic fallacy is not used to it 's full potential . There is no other book quite like it . Thank God .
 Not sence reading the crystal Star and the Black Fleet Crisis Trilogy have i detested a book ! If you want the point of the book watch the Simpsons parody . It 's funnier and it makes fun of Bill Gates .
 Golding was trying to say that there is evil in everyone . I do agree on this theme becuase I do n't think everyone is `` good '' . I believe everyone does something that is evil . Although , some people have it in them more than others . I think the author used a lot of description which made it really boring . He also used too much violence , which in my opinion , only made it worse . I think this can happen to anyone who is in a plane crash . Being in this situatuion can get your mind crazy and make you do weird things , like the boys did . If it was me who wrote the book , I would use less description becuase is made it boring . I would also make it less vioent .
 I must say , the book was very well written , but the plot was totally unrealistic . After being on the island for only about a year -LRB- assuming that is how long , with the change of seasons -RRB- these proper British boys turn into bloodthirsty savages . I understand them doing stuff they would not normally be allowed to do , but to murder someone the way Roger did ? I strongly believe something like that would never happen in real life .
 Lord of the Flies is a book with good ideas , lots of symbolism ... the struggle between order and recklessness . The problem lies with the deeper meanings revealed in the book . There are just to many of them . . therefore it is really easy to get things confused . The way the author describes the characters is lacking information . For example , why is the boy Jack who only wants to hunt ... so jealous of Ralph who only wants to get home , there must be more him that would justify his actions . The description of the `` BEAST '' is very hard to understand ... was there one or not ? Some parts of the plot , -LRB- it was so hard to see where everything was going -RRB- were long and irrelevant to the story , such as the long , dragged out descriptions of the island itself . The ending is the worst part about it ... it ended so abruptly one minute there is a man hunt and suddenly there are the rescuers . If you want to think alot about a book ... then this is the one for you . As for those who must read it for school ... I suggest getting it from the library than actually buying a copy at the bookstore . I am sorry I purchased the thing myself ... I guess that 's what I get for listening to a friend telling me to read it .
 I felt that the book `` Lord of the Flies '' was very hard to get into . It has a lot of description , so that you feel right there with the characters on the island , which is what made me continue reading !!! It had a very unsatisfying finish ; it ended too quickly and without any resolution !
 this book , while trying to simulate a society of youths thrown together in unusual circumstances , is simply too far-fetched to work . the psychological component would not be present without a string of huge coincidences that can not be taken seriously -LRB- im talking about the parachuter on the top of the mountain , among others -RRB- . i continually found myself comparing lotf to animal farm by george orwell , another `` simulated society '' novel . the latter is by far more convincing , even if its main characters are nothing but common barnyard animals .
 The Lord of the Flies , by William Golding , takes place on an island with no adult supervision . Stuck on this island is a group of boys ; most of them turn to hunting and killing -LRB- This group is led by Jack Merridew -RRB- , and the two others -LRB- named Piggy and Ralph -RRB- stick to rules and trying to be rescued . Essentially , this quote
 This book was absolutely awful until I reached the notes at the end of the book . I was bored by the lack of theme to the story and much of the visual descritpion was unnessecary . I was also confused by the absence of important information . Not until the end of the book did I realize that the story took place during World War II . Also , I could not decipher who the boys were and why they were all together yet did not know each other for some time . Once I reached the reflective notes at the end , though , I was very impressed by the symbolism and hidden ideas in the book . I would only prefer to find them myself in the reading , rather than be told them at the end . For instance , I made no connection as to how the sow was killed to rape because the killing was not vividly described , and no resemblance was obvious . The notes told me that , and I understood the total point the author was trying to make more , but I was still disappointed that I could not have made the connections myself .
 I do n't think that this book is as good as it is made out to be . I think that the idea , or theme of the book was well thought out , but I do n't really think that is was well written . Golding had a good theme to his book , about how we still have wild instincts that are just covered up by civilization until we feel the struggle to survive or the threat to our own life . Golding book was , in my thought , not well written . It was overly descriptive at some points , to the point where it lost your interest . After finishing the book , it was easier to understand , thinking through the whole story without being held back by Golding 's descriptive periods . I did not enjoy this book , though projects used to review the book in the classroom were fun and interesting .
 The Lord of the Flies is about boys who are in a plane crash and get stuck on an island . Its a story about Ralph tring to keep the boys together as one tribe but Jack pulling away . Jack and the hunters become savages . Their main focus is hunting . Ralph has trouble with this because he needs help with other things . Their disagreements lead to a lot of fighting and deaths . I didf not enjoy the book I found it very gruesome and there was to much savageness . Although the storyline was enjoyable there are very many areas that just made me put the book down and never want to pick it back up .
 Title
 I love this book , but I was n't halfway through the introduction when I realized how painful it would be to have the author read it to me . He sighs and breathes heavy in the middle of sentences , speaks in a monotone voice , and makes all the characters sound the same , which makes it hard to tell who is saying what during the book 's argument scenes.Overall , great story that deserved a professional voice actor to read it - somebody who could have made the story come alive . Any nuance the author could have added through his own insight into the story was lost in the lackluster presentation .
 I am a high school senior and my teacher made us read this book it is about the most boring book I have ever read I would not recommend this book to anyone that I know .
 In my severe dislike of this book , I do not challenge the quality of the writing -LRB- though it was not particularly moving to me -RRB- , the theme , or any other quality of the book . I did find the book immensely to my disliking , however . I could n't help but to be annoyed as I read it . I do not care how accurate the children 's speech patterns may have been , it was obnoxious to have to deal with . The term `` littluns '' got under my skin and stayed there like a piece of debris trapped deep around one 's eye . Also difficult to bear was that the antagonists were too hateable , which really knows how to irritate . The childish ways of the book were simply annoying . Also annoying was the fact that any grown up reader and likely most child readers had to deal with knowing there was no true `` beast '' from the beginning.This would probably be a decent book to have elementary school students read , but my having had to read it in 10th grade was ridiculous . If you 've over the age of 10 and/or dislike kids as much as I do , pass this one by as a favor to yourself .
 I 'm going into tenth grade at Poudre High School and this was one of the summer reading books we are required to read for the program I 'm in called IB . This book was good in the sense that it focused on the faults of society through the group of stranded boys on the island , which was very creative . But I however did not like the book for the sole reason of the killings , and how the boys felt no remorse at all , except for Ralph . This is exaclty what the author intended of course , but I thought it was very morbid and cruel . I would advise you not to read this book if you are looking for something uplifting .
 Everyone was saying how good this book was , so I read it.Big mistake.This book may have a lot of in-side meaning , and maybe too much in-side meaning for a high-school student . The message that this is book is trying to get across is too ` in your face ' and violent for a high school reading level . It makes it worse that children are doing the killing . I passionatly hated this book the whole way through , and unless you delight in children killing eachother , I do n't advise you to read it .
 I had to read this for a grade in Literature class , as did two of my other friends . Well , we all read the book and we all failed the test . Keep in mind , we are honor students . I would never recommend this book to anyone , especially not if it is crucial to your grade . It is a confusing , negative look at human nature , riddled with dreadful imagery and general savagery . Not exactly top on my list of favorite books , I do n't think I could ever bear to read this again .
 When I finished this book I was very depressed and somewhat angry . Most of the characters in this book remind me of the shooters at Littleton , CO. . This book would probably disturb someone who had experienced violence at the hands of thier peers . Why are books like this on middle/high school reading lists ? I thought we were trying to promote good values in school , not total disregard for life !
 This is the worst book I have ever read . It was extremely dull and violent at the same time . I usually read a book this length in three days , but it took me TWO MONTHS to read this book . I only read it because I had to for school , and I would not read this book again for anything . It was pointless and confusing . I do n't care if it was figurative language or not , it was a really below average piece of work . Ugh .
 It was so boring i had to induce ain to stay awake while reading i
 As a response to one of the reviews that speaks quite highly of this novel , I would like to say that despite my understanding and comprehension of the book , I still found it entirely dull , boring , and a waste of my time . Since it was required of me to read this book in school , I was forced to make my way through each dragging chapter , but I would have never on my own time , and it 's not because I did n't understand the book that I feel this way about it . My class discussed quite thouroughly about the book 's symbolism , which was Golding 's intention to start out with . Despite its hidden meanings , the novel still remains absolutely ridiculous in the sense that these young British boys turn completely salvage and kill their fellow islanders . If the book was looked at through a totally symbolic perspective , it would make more sense , but in order to understand its symbolism , one still has to read it , and it is really not worth it .
 this book is not really made for young adults . i am in 8th grade and I could n't bear it . Everyone else hated it , but I believe it is only because we could n't really understand it . All the symbols Golding used made the image foggy and the only way i got through it was with the symbols teachers gave me , such as Simon being Jesus and other things like that . It 's just a little deep for teens my age ...
 I feel that this book reflects the society that we live in . In our world and the situation of the book . In their world and ours alike , we do n't make piece , we have war and fights .
 I did n't like this book because of the gruesome behavior of Jack and the other boys on the island . They had been out of civilization for so long that killing a pig , or even each other , sounded like so much fun they could n't resist it . I would give this book two thumbs down . Do n't read it if you do n't have to
 This book was one of the most desgusting , vile , and worthless book I 've ever read . Sure it had some good points and an ok plot , but none of them balance out the bad . I would n't recomend it to anyone who did n't have somewhat of a twisted mind and a warped sence of humor .
 i didnt like this book . I thought it was too long and not very interesting .
 This book stunk . I believe that reality can have deeper meanings , but do n't get to deep or you 'll drown . The only time you can go that deep and not drown , is with drugs . I never thought Lord of the Flies would attract so many druggies .
 I have taught Lord of the Flies to my English classes for years . The kids love it . I read almost all of the book aloud , and my voice gets tired after reading period after period . I was so excited when I found the audio ... until my class and I listened to it . The author reads the novel in a horridly monontone voice . It 's sad that someone who writes so well , reads so badly .
 This book is probably one of the most boring books I have EVER read ! The book is about a group of boys stranded on an island . The author tries to show how society works , and what would happen if a group of young boys were stranded on an island , but fails miserably . His opinion of what would happen is just wrong . And even if you do agree -LRB- once you 've read the book -RRB- the writing still destroys the book . It is such a slow book ! Way too much unnecassary details ! When it comes to an actual important part of the book , there is barely any time spent on it . I would not recommend this book to anyone !! -LRB- unless you want to see for yourself how bad it is ! -RRB-
 It 's interesting to see how cynical a successfull author can be , and how popular such cynicism can be . Lord of the Flies might be a suspenseful and thought-provoking book , but it 's main thesis -- children turning into beasts as soon as the burden of civilization is taken off them -- is utterly silly . It makes me wonder how many children Mr. William Golding really knew or talked to before writing this book . Children are always capable -LRB- many times much more than grownups -RRB- to act with common-sense and responsibility . I think Mr. Golding knew this -LRB- he ca n't be that narrow-minded -RRB- , but simply choose to forget it since it would destroy his thesis and he would n't be able to write this novel . It 's also fun to see how easily some authors can ignore or blur the most simple realities . I do n't recommend this book to anyone who loves children and childhood , which is a period of exploration and friendships .
 This book can be summed up in one word
 I first read this book in 8th grade . I believe I enjoyed it -LRB- which is somewhat of a surprise since I hated reading then -RRB- and found it exciting . I re-read it recently , ~ 20 years later , thinking I 'd have a new found appreciation for it or at least better insight into the story . However , the second time around was painful . The story was slow and boring and I just could n't find anything interesting or redeeming about it . I struggled to even finish and after finishing it I do n't understand why I bothered.I 've read some of the positive reviews and spoken with people who were both fond and not fond of the book and I certainly did not catch the greater meaning of some events in the book that those who enjoyed it did . While reading I never got a sense of some great symbolism or insight . It just felt like a bunch of kids trying to appear important , running around an island to me.I would consider reading it again because of the extensive positive feedback the book has received through the decades , but I fear I 'll come to the same conclusion then hate myself for finishing it in misery a second time . Perhaps , I 'll wait until I 'm marooned on an island with a bunch of kids and read it as a defense manual .
 To many detail
 `` The lord of the flies '' By william Golding , is in my opinion one of the most boring book i have ever read in my whole life . but on the other hand it did have alot to say about our `` humanly nature '' most of it was true.This book was like a little summary of our violent nature throughout history . But overall it was terably boring !!!!!
 Lord of the Flies was one of the worst books I have ever read . The plot was often hard to follow and many things were unnecessarily graphic . I do not recommend this book to anyone . There are plenty of high school level books to choose from besides this . This is not recommended to children not of high school age .
 The book gets off to a good start but quickly loses it 's flavor . Furthermore , the gore in the book is apalling and I would advise you to stay away from this sad tale . If youv ' e already bought it , you could always use it as a coaster for your glass of water .
 In all honesty , `` Lord of the Flies '' is probably the most painfully boring story -LRB- and I use that word loosely -RRB- that I have ever had the misfortune of reading . The plot is simple and the characters are presented in a way that makes them difficult to enjoy reading about . The book is around 150 pages , which is strange , seeing that it took me about three weeks to finish because I had to will my eyes to lurch over every page . Other than it being the most uninteresting book one can find , the characters make me equally angry . I realize just as well as the next person that they 're stuck on an island and that they 're all younger than me , but these children are just unimaginably dense throughout the story . They become so out of touch with reality that they even take to hunting down their leader . What am I supposed to find symbolic and interesting about that ? People keep going on about how this book is teaming with symbolism , but I 'm just not seeing it , just because you have a bunch of kids stranded on an island does n't mean that that relates to religion , society , etc. . Aside from the characters annoying me at a personal level , the way the author portrays them is even more ridiculous . If William Golding spent half as much time on the plot , and not describing the children and scenery , he may have had a half-decent story on his hands . If someone is looking for a decent book about survival , try `` The Stand '' by Stephen King , at least he made it interesting to read .
 I was disgusted by the grotesque display of savagery in this novel . I found it lacking purpose and realism . All I found in this novel is one man 's sick views of humanity . I do not reccomend this novel to anyone , especially children .
 Oh . My . God . Can we say ATROCIOUS ?! One star is too much for this piece of dung . Symbolism is nice and quite beautiful in some places and for certain writers , but this book had WAY too much of it . Golding 's novel is very horrendous in the fact his absolutely mind-numbing style immediately drove me away in his tedious and unnecessary description that was n't even striking in any way . I 'll give it a bit for having good description in a few places , but only a miniscule few.But that is n't even the reason for this rating . What I found most unpleasantly apalling was the content of this so-called classic . It completely and utterly disappointed me in its horrific plot that I would n't even care to mention . Am I a happy-go-lucky reader ? No ; In fact , I quite often enjoy the sad and angry scenes in many novels , but an element of this one that I still ca n't quite name and do n't care to that made those scenes so obtuse . This book should be completely wiped off and eradicated from the lists of classics to read and analyze in schools .
 Look , I get it . I understand that William Golding 's LORD OF THE FLIES is an allegorical examination of the inherent depravity of the human condition . I get Golding 's depressing message that man is a nihilistic savage , when left to his own devices . I understand that Ralph represents civilization , order , and decency -LRB- the alleged `` grown-up world '' -RRB- ; Piggy represents common sense and the rule of law ; and Jack aggression , chaos ... evil . I totally get the symbolism of a group of boys -LRB- innocence -RRB- on a remote island sans adult supervision completely devolving into anarchy.Yet I had several problems with this 20th Century `` classic . '' The characters were one-dimensional paper cutouts ; the dialogue confusing and hard to follow ; the description of the island 's terrain downright confusing -LRB- creepers ? -RRB- . Yet my biggest problem concerned the fundamental , bottom line question
 the only reason for anyone to ever read this is for school word as it has no content to the book as well as the book is just about a bunch of kids turning into sick bastards which again makes me ... . sick ?
 I would not reccomend this book . It was very boring and I did n't find much of a purpose . The end was the best part , but it was still bad . l did not get into this book or enjoy it . it was for school .
 I did not really enjoy this book . I could not connect with the characters . I thought that the book was very annoying and some of the part bothered me . It seemed very unrealistic .
 -LRB- Marooned -RRB- - Lord Of The FliesI some what liked this book it was really for people who like blood and gore kind of stuff.What I did n't like about this book was that it carried on conversaions that really did n't even make any sence at all to this book.If anyone was to read this book Lord Of The Flies I would basically suggest this book only to people who love to picture blood every where . I would describe the plot basically as all about blood nothing much too it just a couple of boys marooned on an island and nothing to do but kill other things , well i wo n't tell the whole story cause that would just give the book away . Lord Of The Flies is not based on an true story obviously . If there was any other books to come out like Lord Of The Flies I probabaly would n't read it just considering it was n't my type of book to read . I read more of comedy , and ect.When your reading thiis book you can basically look at it as a movie it runs through your head and you can have a clear picture about all of the details and blood.Consider reading the back cover of the book and notice that the author William Sir Golding is writng this book based on the 20th century european fiction .
 I was forced to read this book last year , my Freshman year . I was entertained by the PREMISE of the book at first . . but then lost all interest . Let 's see here . . a Lord of the Flies Timeline
 I am a fan of classic literature but this book was just too slow for me . Everyone should read it because it 's a classic but I did n't enjoy it .
 We 've just recently read this book at my middle school some of my classmates and I found this book to be unappealing . I thought it was actually a boring book even considering all of the violence . In my opinion , Golding picked a subject for each chapter and dwelt on it . I thought that this was a slow-moving book . Also the way he wrote things was kind of `` beating around the bush . '' So my advice to you is if you do not have to read this book , do n't .
 I 'll preface this by saying I was made to read this in the 10th grade , but I really did not like this book . And I graduated college with an English degree . Maybe it 's just a boys book , I do n't know , but it disturbed me to read and I was thinking the whole time `` this would never happen , this is the stupidest thing I have ever read . '' Perhaps this is a classic , but would I tell people to buy it ? No .
 I just finished reading Lord of the Flies in my gr . 11 English class and I wish that this book was not required to be read in school , because I do not recommend it . Although it was thought provoking , and at times you really felt for the characters , it was too grim a look at mankind . I entirely disagree with Golding 's idea of mankind being inherently evil , and that made it hard to get into the book and also made it hard to believe . This was fairly well written , but I have read books that challenged my intelligence more . It is obvious that Golding wrote this book as a way of getting his point across to people , and you can see this because the reading comprehension is pretty simple and most people can breeze through it . I felt that it was borderline propaganda , and I actually regret that i have read it , but I did n't have much choice in the matter .
 After reading this book , I think William Golding is a sick , sick man . The book portrays small boys as savages trying to kill each other . Some might find it entertaining , but I find it downright disturbing . I only read it because it was required for school , but I wish I 'd burned it instead .
 This is a horrible audio book , read by the author . He offered an engaging prologue , but the reading of the book was just awful . The author was monotone , sighed while reading , and in general , sounded bored with the book . His reading does a disservice to the excellent story that he crafted .
 If you want to read the inspiration for this book -LRB- i.e. , the sorce from which it 's central concept was copied -RRB- readA High Wind in Jamaica -LRB- New York Review Books Classics -RRB- . It is a far better book .
 I recently read this book in my freshmen english class , Along with everybody in my class I was bored with it . I did understand all the symobolisem , but it just came across as a book with a Lack of excitment
 I 'm currently reading this book as required reading for next years English class . I 'm about half way through and so far , I 'm having to force myself to pick it up and continue reading . The plot is sometimes hard to understand and the dialouge is hard to follow . There are often places where there is no indication as to who is saying what . I also find the beginning a little confusing . I know that the plane was shot down but WHY ? Was it an accident or was it on purpose ? The book is good , I guess , but you really have to WANT to read it .
 Lord of the Flies is alright I guess . I mean , I know it 's a classic , but the plot is distinctly lacking in so many ways , you feel like it should be updated for today 's readers . For instance , there are no touchscreen interfaces OF ANY KIND in this book . Nobody has a camelback or even an earth-friendly stainless steel water bottle . And unless I 'm forgetting something , there 's no suggestion whatsoever that aliens or supernatural intruders are secretly present on the island . I do n't know , I guess there 's just a lot of missed opportunity in this book . Maybe whoever wrote it should think about some revisions ? Because as it is , there 's really not much to it except a searing journey into mostly unanswerable questions about what it is to be human .
 This audio CD had me excited at first , at least until I actually played it . It 's the most boring read of any story I 've ever heard in my life . Golding 's a great writer , but he ai n't no reader . His own commentary in parts is distracting and irritating . His mouth noises unsettle me , and his slow , dull , expressionless rendering of this classaic grates on the spirit . Too bad an accomplished reader such as Roger Dressler or Garrick Hagon ca n't do this novel justice . It 's just a damned shame is all .
 I have seen several reviews in here that say this book was boring ; It was n't boring , it was nasty ! Several people also said it was n't for people under thirteen . Well , I 'm twelve , and I read mostly adult books , so it 's not like I did n't understand it . It 's just that I hated it ! Yes , I admit , there is evil lurking inside everyone , I know . But I find it hard to admit that it could be quiet as much as Mister Golding portrays . There are also some nice little descriptions about a bunch of savage boys dying very painful deaths , and I wonder why anyone would title their book after a pig 's head speared on a stick . ??????? In my opinion , if you have n't read this book , dont ' touch it , unless you want to have your fingers tainted forever .
 The book starts out pretty quickly , and anyone reading it could probably catch on pretty quickly . There has been a plane crash , and the only survivors are a number of British boys ages 4 to about 14 . Soon after they realize that they are on an uninhabited island , and that they must rely on themselves to survive and to get rescued . Upon arriving at the island , they have a group meeting , and when Ralph is voted chief of the island , Jack is left as an also-ran . That 's something what I liked about this novel , the whole idea of children being captive on an island , living of pigs and fruit , and trying to maintain a civilization with order and authority all by themselves.However , I am surprised that I actually finished this book . This book is beyond the most boring and dull book in the world . It seems as if William Golding spend weeks on each paragraph and dialogue just to sound so ` absolutely intellectual to the highest extent ' . From the looks of it , I 'd say that he tried way too hard to impress his Oxford college friends . Unless if you are really into the symbolism or if you have a master 's degree with an English major , then you would have been able to understand everything in this book . From every significant event , to every detail expressed about the children 's actions or their surroundings , it is better to have Cliff Notes by your side if you wanted to catch every little segment of symbolism and importance .
 I hated this book ! It was full of blunt , unequivocal sybolism . I think that is one of the major problems ; every few sentences you discover a new oddity that is supposed to directly link itself to the majority of underlying human disposition . However , I found that most of these allegories just did n't quite manifest as true on the whole . Golding has taken simple facts and drastically over-exaggerated them . My second point is that the characters seem underdeveloped and because of this I found myself wishing they would all die off and then just maybe a more interesting story could arise . Perhaps I had more trouble relating than others might because of the fact that i am not living in the time period of the book and that all of the characters were boys younger than myself . You see , I am in 10th grade and had to read this book last year for my english class -LRB- and by the way I read many , many books in my spare time -RRB- . I found all of the main personae in this book caustically unlikable -LRB- as I said before I found myself wishing they were all dead -RRB- . I also think it is sad that this book is so repetitive , through the whole book the troupe was splitting ... then there was one , well the rest could n't have that so they try to kill him and aside from actually saying who went with which group and when and why , the boys ' monologue seemed to be ` what is the other tribe doing ? ' , ` what will we eat tonight ? ' , ` when and how can we be rescued ? ' , etcetera . This did not fit well with the consistent symbolism and was not very well integrated into the story . Ok , well , all grumbling aside , the last two chapters were at very least full of action but of course i was dissapointed that they did n't all perish in the end of the book . I suppose though to each thier own , because this is definitely a love it / hate it type of book . I do not recommend this to anyone who likes to relate to books in any way , but if you must read it at least it is fairly short ...
 In my opinion , this is one of the most boring books ever written . Sure , Golding is trying to make a point about power 's effect on social stability and structure , but it is lost in the mumbo jumbo style that he writes with . -LRB- The movie is also a pathetic depiction of this clich&eacute; - ish message . -RRB- There are so many books out there that deal with this same topic , and because of this common subject matter , a novelist needs to be truly inventive to create a real masterpiece . This book should not be ranked anywhere near the top 100 novels on the Modern Library Association 's list of the best novels of the 20th century .
 Perhaps it is because of my age , I 'm nearing 23 , that I find this work so , to quote someone from the board , atrocious.This book is absolutely boring and had n't it been for my friend 's reference , I would not have bought iT !!! The setting is an island ; the cast is a bunch of stranded 6 to 13 year olds . The major characters are Jack Merridew -LRB- the bully -RRB- , Piggy -LRB- the dweeb -RRB- and Ralph -LRB- The chief and someone in between -RRB- . Lord of the Flies is a journey of civilised minds turning savage . Everything starts off hunky dory as the children realise they have the whole island to themselves and that no adult is there to govern their behaviour . Everything begins in a civil manner
 As a response to one of the reviews that speaks quite highly of this novel , I would like to say that despite my understanding and comprehension of the book , I still found it entirely dull , boring , and a waste of my time . Since it was required of me to read this book in school , I was forced to make my way through each dragging chapter , but I would have never on my own time , and it 's not because I did n't understand the book that I feel this way about it . My class discussed quite thouroughly about the book 's symbolism , which was Golding 's intention to start out with . Despite its hidden meanings , the novel still remains absolutely ridiculous in the sense that these young British boys turn completely salvage and kill their fellow islanders . If the book was looked at through a totally symbolic perspective , it would make more sense , but in order to understand its symbolism , one still has to read it , and it is really not worth it .
 Lord of the Flies showcases the idea that we are empty canasters being filled by environments and echoes the haunting statement that children are capable of immoral acts . Perhaps it uses the Robinson Crusoe idea of isolation.I do think , as inspirational as Lord of the Flies has been , that it 's an overblown , overrated affair and that Golding wrote other more powerful works , such as Darkness Visible . The problem for me lies in the difficulties of using children as main characters while writing from an adult point of view . Difficult to relate to , harder to realistically decribe a child 's feelings and emotions because , psychologically , the author is on another level -LRB- even though the novel 's fiction -RRB- . On the other hand , Golding 's style is attractively fluent in that you want to find out what happens next and that 's always a good sign for a classic read .
 I have recently went through the extremely torturous chore of reading this novel in my eleventh grade English class . I hated this book so much that I went up to my teacher and told her exactly what I thought of this abysmal piece of work . Guess who was n't too happy . I 've heard so many great things about this book , so I just could n't wait to start it . `` Yeah , Lord of the Flies , great ! '' From the first page , I hated it . This book is so hard to follow . I read a page . Then I think to myself `` What the heck was that ? '' I read the page again and only got a vague impression of what was going on and struggling to figure out what William Golding was trying to get across to the reader . Sure its possible to figure it out , but how can you really enjoy a novel if you have to strain your brain to be able to get the badly told story into your mind and keep it there . I disliked this book so much that I removed the cover and glued it on upside down before I gave it back to my teacher .
 I 'm a 10th grader in Salinas , CA and my summer school `` Puente Program '' is having a good time reading Lord of the Flies . I believe that Jack wants anarchy and Ralph wants to have a monarchy . I would have to say that if I were stranded on an island I would be like Ralph but want to have fun as Jack . It 's hard to keep order and chaos distance from each other . I ca n't wait to finish and be surprised even moreto what happens . R.I.P Simon .
 In the book , I have mixed feelings . The first thing that I feel towards this book is that I do n't like it . I thought it was more of a boy 's type book that was really hard for me to understand . I thought it was very confusing and complicated . As I continued to read the book , it began to make more sense . As you read it , you learn what the main concept is of the book . The main concept is that if you live for awhile without someone watching over you , you begin to become a savage . This is especially bad for young boys . Then I began to like the book a little bit . I liked it because it taught a valuable lesson to the readers and to the boys that were on the island . It taught them that to survive you have to work together as a team . It also teaches the readers how cruel the world can be . This is an okay book once you look at the whole picture .
 I love to read , but I 'm the kind of person that needs the book to capture my interest , draw me in . I want to forget to eat , breathe even ... and this book did n't do it for me .
 The book `` Lord of the Flies '' was confusing at the start , but as it progressed it got better as the story unfolded . The book was about a bunch of boys stranded on a island after a their plane crashed . As the story gets going a group of the boys become savage with out rules to go by . Many of the boys die , but some are saved in the end of the book . I only recommended this book to someone who does n't mind demonic behavior or violence otherwise do n't read this book .
 My opinion of the book is that i didnt like it as much and that it didnt pull me in to want to keep reading it.If you like action and like story lines where theres a fight for survival than you would probably enjoy Lord of the Flies.In the story you will see a group of kids that are stranded on a island and theres problems and many adventures that take place and if u want to find out more you 'll have to read it for yourself.I would n't recommend this book because it was n't exciting as much and i wanted to stop reading it becasue it was a waste of time for me.This is my opinion for my point of veiw of the book but its up tp you and hope you mgiht enjoy it or not .
 In my opinion , Lord of the flies was on of the dullest books I have ever read . It started off slow and at times I found myself trying hard not to fall asleep . The plot was actually quite interesting , but William Golding wrote it in such a way , sometimes I could n't understand exactly what was going on . His word choice left me scanning through a dictionary a majority of the book . Yet this book did contain some quite profound symbolism . The theme would have to be the best party of this novel , being it relates to the real world or the cruelties of the real world.Some of the scenes in this book are actually quite violent , and unrealistic being that the kids are so young . In fact , numerous times I became sick to my stomach . Some of the scenes were good and beautifully written but overall I felt most of it was superfluous .
 First of all , I will admit to a profound distaste for heavy-handed symbolism , and since this book is nothing but -- well , profound distaste on my part was inevitable . Personally , by the time I 've finished analyzing how Piggy 's glasses symbolize human reason , the pig 's head represents human evil , etc. , the book has lost its impact for me and becomes pretentious.But that is not my main problem with this book . I find it frightening that so many people consider this book ` revealing ' and a ` classic ' . This seems to indicate that the message of this book has universal relevance for people . And this message is as follows
 I think Golding really screwed up on this one ... I found the plot really boaring and unrealistic . There were too many characters and most were undeveloped . And just when I thought the novel was the worst thing I ever encountered , I saw the old black and white Lord of Flies Movie . I really honestly think that a three-year old directed this...P-U .
 I somehow graduated from high school -- a boys religious high school , no less -- without being assigned Lord of the Flies . So I decided to read the mother of all high school English books.I came to the text with certain preconceptions and prejudices . Like many high school students , I was force-fed my share of meaningful stories with something to say . I though To Kill a Mockingbird was simple and didactic , and , after two readings , I can not comprehend what any serious person sees in The Catcher in the Rye . In Cold Blood and The Stranger were more my speed , stories with the confidence to tell their tales and not hit you over the head with life lessons . I approached Lord of the Flies with wariness.The story is well known . A flight filled with English schoolboys crashes on an uninhabited island , killing all of the adults . Ralph , a charismatic but forgetful 12-year-old , is elected the leader of the survivors , who quickly segregate by function . Ralph determines the day 's tasks . Fat but smart Piggy counsels . Jack and the members of his boys ' choir hunt the island 's wild pigs . The `` littluns , '' the six - and seven-year-olds , exist in a task-less state of near hysteria.Jack , the warrior prince who provides meat , becomes envious of Ralph 's position as leader . The principal arc of the 200-page book is the heightening tension between Ralph , whose priority is to maintain a signal fire and be rescued , and Jack , whose priority is to hunt and lead.Many passages were suprisingly clunky . Dialogue sections repeatedly ignored Strunk and White 's admonition to `` make sure the reader knows who is speaking . '' Author William Golding devoted substantial space to physical descriptions , but they tended to be vague and confusing . Many of the secondary characters were cardboard , as thinly drawn as in Dickens but without the cartoonish charm . The narration 's point of view changed abruptly at certain points.Lord of the Flies was Golding 's first novel , so imperfections can be forgiven . He was ultimately awarded the Nobel Prize and a Booker so , to paraphrase Shelly Winters , some people thought he could write.But what is it about this book , an almost archetypal `` promising '' first novel , that has landed it on so many required reading lists ? Lord of the Flies has sold more than 10 million copies , deep into Dan Brown territory , and my raggedy paperback is the 96th Capricorn printing . -LRB- Interestingly , the book initially flopped , selling only a few thousand copies . -RRB- Much of the success of Lord of the Flies must be due to the fact that it is a useful tool when teaching some of the basics of literary theory.First of all , kids will read it , especially boys who may not be the most avid readers . The idea of a world without grown-ups catches adolescent interest . The book is short . There 's a fair amount of action , including a taut climax.Moreover , the Big Themes are laid on with a backhoe . The symbolism is so obvious that the slowest kid in fourth-track English can figure it out . A student can spend hours matching the characters with their analogues in modern society and , judging from some of the web pages devoted to the book , students have spent much more time than that . Every high school English teacher needs to explain that sometimes there 's more to a story than what the characters do and say , and Lord of the Flies feels custom-cooked for that effort.I do n't think Lord of the Flies has much to offer an adult reader , but it 's a pleasant reminder of youthful efforts to learn the rudiments of symbolism and subtext.Now , class , what do Piggy 's glasses represent ?
 Lord of the Flies is another classic that relies on a bad outcome in the story to get attention from readers . In a lot of schools it is required reading . I suppose that teachers think that stories with bad outcomes serve as warnings to other people , and the author probably had similar motives . However , there are two important questions to answer . First , does Lord of the Flies meet the criteria to be considered a `` warning '' to society ? Second , does the content of the novel itself contradict its purpose?Lord of the Flies is a novel about a group of boys who are stranded on an island with no adults present . The boys attempt to form a simple `` government '' among themselves . However , their weak sense of order starts out with childish , verbal conflict and eventually turns into violence . Given the novel 's summary , one may deduce that the message of the novel is a warning to society of the dangers of anarchy.I dislike the fact that almost all off the characters are boys within seven years of each other 's age . Real world societies have a much wider variety of people . When writing a book designed as a warning to society , it is important to make sure that the whole society can relate to the book . In my opinion , the real art of writing a plot in a novel is to create a scenario in which people o many different ages and backgrounds get involved and contribute to the outcome . In Lord of the Flies , the consequence of the lack of diversity among the characterizations is that there are too many pages that rehash childish arguing . Therefore , the novel could have -LRB- and probably should have -RRB- been reduced to a novelette length.As stated earlier in this review , many literature interpreters believe that the purpose of Lord of the Flies is to demonstrate the dangers of anarchy . A lot of interpreters of literary symbolism consider the `` Lord of the Flies '' to be an allegory for the devil . Therefore , the fact that the book is essentially titled `` the devil '' seems to indicate that the book focuses on evil acts and events . In my opinion , one major flaw in the novel is that the characters with good intentions fail to have a positive impact on the outcome of the plot or the development of other characters . With that in mind , the problem is that the author condemns anarchy , but fails to tell us what we should do about it , which seems to cause the book to lose its purpose.Due to its monotony and `` incomplete '' philosophies , I do not recommend Lord of the Flies .
 My favorite chapter in this book would definitely be the first chapter when the kids are introduced on the island . There was this one kid that everyone had called piggy . To me that is the funniest thing in the world . I do n't know why but the humiliation of another kid is extremely hilarious . It may seem cruel but to me it 's funny . I would have to say that this book was definitely for the older more mature kids , like high school kids . All in all I would have to say that even with the kid getting humiliated I dislike this book with a passion it is way to boring and just when you think it 's going to get good the book disappoints you and I do n't think that is a very good book for the serious reader
 When I first picked up this book , I was expecting a masterpiece-a work of outstanding literature . After all , I had only heard great things about it . However , I was extremely disappointed once I ventured on to read past the first chapter . Slowly , I progressed onward , making my way through endless descriptions , multiple plots , and enough symbolism to make my head ache . I think Mr.Golding should have remembered that not ONLY are themes important to keep the reader 's interest , but PLOT is too . This book is an excellent example of how someone can get so lost in the hidden meaning of their words , they forget what they 're trying to SAY in the first place . Not only are their problems with the actual structure of the book , but also in the language used . There is a wide variety of slang used , which is , for the most part , chiefly British ! I found myself rereading sentences more than two times just to understand what was being said . By half-way through the book , I actually wanted to stop and start reading something else . Also , throughout the book , Mr.Golding leaves off on one note and starts a completely different series of events . By the end of the book there are so many plots going on , it gets old trying to follow which one is going on at the moment . So , in summary , if you want to read a book which has multiple plots , too much symbolism , and descriptions to put you to sleep , then Lord of the Flies is for you .
 this book exists to support the author 's opinion that man is brutish and destructive.this was written well before clinical studies of violance , child abuse , the effects of peer pressure , etc. it reflects the basic christain view that man is vile.itis obvious that golding never considers that by the time any of these boys has spent time in their families and then in the prep school , any natural impulse has been thoroughly ground out bysocial standards . these boys are as affected by all they psychological influences as adults , with fewer methods to deal with them.of course they revert to so-called savagery -- it 's what they experienced at their school . of course there are no intelligent responses , we are n't trained to use intelligent response.the book is a polemic of the conservative christian -- man is vile and must be controlled or he will become a savage.nurture has no place.i find it a completely annoying book , presenting an unrealistic result .
 Here is an extremely typical example of the book : `` There were only a few more yards of stony ground and then the two sides of the island came almost together so that one expected a peak of headland . But instead of this a narrow ledge of rock , a few yards wide and perhaps fifteen long , continued the island out into the sea . There lay another of those pieces of pink squareness that underlay the structure of the island . This side of the castle , perhaps a hundred feet high , was the pink bastion they had seen from the mountain-top . The rock of the cliff was split and the top littered with great lumps that seemed to totter . `` Is it just me , or is writing like this exceedingly dull and boring ? The plot of the book one can simplify into a seven or eight page summary , but the rest is too painful to read . Even if you look at Sparknotes , you find zero mention about any of the 90 % of the book which is dull and descriptive , and it just focuses on the 10 % which is the meat of the story .
 This book is not as described . It is basically a paperback with a flimsy hard cover attached . I returned it . Do not buy this if you want a nice hardcover edition .
 It 's great ordering a book , and the book was good , but the delivery took so long that I had to go to the bookstore and get it for my daughters class anyway , so it was really a waste . Should n't take over two weeks to get a book .
 After all I had heard and read about Golding 's Lord of the Flies I was expecting a novel story , not a Rbinson Crusoe cliche , or at least some good writing/language , but what I got was a story that could have been conjured up by my 11 year old kid
 I had to read this book for school and I would say that I and A and B student -LRB- not bragging -RRB- , but I just could n't understand it ! It did n't have a point ! Why does everyone like this book ?? I think its dumb . My teacher required us to read it , she said she had to read it to in school she said that she had a hard time reading it to shethought it was boring . She told us she used Clif Notes , so I did too , but I still didnt like the book . DO n't waste your time its a boring book !
 This book is way overrated . The writing and the way the author tells the tale is average at best . I had heard that this book is a must read . I do not understand that point of view as I had to force myself to finish the book . I was very bored with it .
 I 'm not a fan on American lit ! To be truthful , when I had to read it in college , I did the Cliff Notes , and even THAT was B-O-R-I-N-G !!!! . I have tried reading it twice and do n't make it past the first two pages . The movie ? NOT !!! Do n't go by me , though . Some things have got to be read . My American Lit . professor loved it . To each his own .
 I didnt like this book.It was very boring and slow.I think that the book was very slow.The book was not good I would not read it again.I dont recommend this book to you.But you can read it if you want to.I am think that the rating is a 1 . I didnt like this book at all I will not read it again.You shouldnt.I like about the book I liked . Not very muth but there is some stuff that is kind of cool like they call this fat kid piggy .
 I hated this book . All it is is an outlet for an author 's deranged sybolism . The story is stupid and at the same time , pointlessly graphic . If you want to read a good book , read Ender 's Game by Orson Scott Card . It is a very good book . Golding , in a vain effort to make people understand his sideways point of view , wrote a parody of 1940 's British society . Who really gives a crud ? I do n't . All in all , please , please , please do n't read this horrible , awful , stupid , pointless , terrible book that is a great waste of time . Also , William Robert Gording can suck my big white paperback version of his novel through a straw .
 This allegorical novel fails to deliver to its acclaim . I had to read this for school , I barely got through the first few pages . It was n't very realistic -- little kids on an island to survive by themselves ? The characters were not very much likable , besides Ralph , the others were barbaric , avarice and savage . The plot was hackneyed -- I mean how many stories have there been about people who land on an island in the middle of no where and try to survive ? I would n't reccomend this book .
 At a time when the baby boomer 's were yet to exist , WW2 was happening . A school of boys are stranded on an island due to a plane crash with no adult anywhere . The leader Ralph created 2 teams to survive each having a certain task . Jack becomes the hunter team , while Ralph was more of the society creation team . Ralph 's second had man , Piggy , helps out in more than a few ways untill tradgity strikes . The teams divide as the socity clapes and roles are broken . WIlliam Golding has created another timeless piece , full of changes and plot twists in `` lord of the Flies '' .
 Was he trying to write this with his eyes shut . I dont even know why i put one star.But what do i know i have n't read the book . Just kidding it was great i recommend it to everyone . And if you are reading this Allen that was your shoe i put in Old Man Thompsons backyard .
 My opinion of this book is that this book was horrible . The only time that it caught my eye was when they first got stuck on the island and when they got off . So basically , in the middle of this book , i was n't listening . This book had alot of realism and creativity that was probably the highest point of this book . If I would have to pick a leader for them i would n't have picked any of them because they all act like animals . And the events that took place like for one when they thought that Simon was the beast , that was just dumb to me . I also gave it one star because it did n't deserve anyting better than that.The friendship between Ralph and Piggy was odd . Another thing that was odd was these kids had the urge to kill one another . At the beginning of this book , I asked myself , `` How did all these kids survive but not one adult did ? '' I think the book would have been a whole lot better if they had about 2 or 3 adults to keep the kids from talking about that ridiculous beast . The Lord Of The Flies I read for an sophmore english class . But the books that I read my freshman year like , Of Mice and Men , Romeo and Juliet , and To Kill a Mockingbird , those were good books and better books than Lord of The Flies .
 This is the worst book I ever read . From the first time I read it 40 years ago , I could not imagine why it had not been banned . The viewpoint of mankind presented is so degraded and ugly that it should be . There is NO REASON to expose our young people to such negativity . No wonder they have so many psychological problems ! Please , teachers , read positive works with your young students . The world is not like that , and it is our job to give them positive views for their future and ours !
 this book is uneventful and is savage , it ends poorly and overall I think it is really bad . If you really get into the philospphy behind this book , you 'll find its almost depressing . On top of it , it is unrealistic .
 For english class we had to read Lord of the Flies by Golding . . It was an ok book ... if you like adventure stories ... personally i dont . however Goldings use of symbolizm is great . The book sickened me at certain parts . The descriptions were great but after reading an entire chapter and then some more descriptions , it gets sort of boring . However i did like how Jack and Ralph TRIED to get along in the beggining you know BEFORE Jack went crazy . I also liked Goldings purpose of this book ... how deep down , we are savages . And he was right .
 This book was a boring book . We found it hard to stay awake while reading it . The descriptions were extremely vague and this resulted in unclear pictures of the surroundings . Even though this book is considered a `` classic '' we thought that it should not have generated the responses it did from the public .
 This book promotes all the bad things that make societies fail . This book is good to read if you understand that the ideas in this book are morally wrong .
 Hola - We read this book in our Freshman english class . The overall review was that it was n't good , in fact it was BAD ! We recommend that you do not read this book . We have nothing against the author , but we perfer reading interesting books , unlike this one . We did n't like the deaths , savagness , or irresponsibility of the children . THey needed to communicate with each other . If this book had a sequel I think that would be boring , but atleast you 'd fing out what happened . THe book went to slow and the plot used too much symbolism . This book deserves 0 stars , but that was n't an option ! Hasta Luego - iSABeL and r0sA
 This book was very disturbing , sick and wrong . Other than the fact that it was very boring and lost my attention , it also very much revolved around murder , cruelty , and other acts of meanness in the second half in the book . We see enough of this on the news every day , we do n't need to read about 12-year-olds doing these horrible things . We do not recommend this book to any reader .
 Gross and pointless and extremelly tedious
 The book went to slow for me . The way the boys on the island carried on about a `` beast '' that was n't there , was n't action enough fo me . I need more information on the characters themselves , to get really envolved in the book . The book does n't describe the boys very well . I also do n't agree with the author 's view of humanity . The was the boys acted was more the ways of young boys , rather than humanity as a whole .
 this was the biggest waste of ime on earth i cant believe i actually read the whole thing . Complete garbage .
 It is not only stupid and senseless through out all the book , but it has a very stupid ending I do n't know who could write such a bad book , you have to be mess up , do n't read it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I have looked at all the reviews on this book and I have found that most of them are 5 and 4 stars !!! How could that be ???? This is one of the worst books that I have ever read ! The descriptions are meaningless and when the author do describes something he takes a page to describe something that should take 3 sentences at the most . I did not like the plot of this story and although it had an interesting idea I do n't think the author did much with it . It is full of violence that is un-needed . If you see this book on the shelves , cover your innocent eyes from this evil , and run ! DO NOT LOOK BACK ! If this book was a horse , I would shoot it ! It is very annoying to read and this book scares little children !
 I really hated this book . I only read it because I was forced to read it in school . I think that the author is trying too hard to write a good book . There must have been a reason why this was out on the market for 5 years before anyone picked it up . The author tells you too much information in a short amount of time . He starts to talk about something and then just moves on to something else . He also leaves you hanging . He also uses way too many uncompleted sentences ! Reading this book was a complete and total waste of my time !!!!!!
 A horrid , terrible book . From everyone that I have ever chatted to about this novel , they all share the same responses , and that is that William Goldings Lord of the Flies is simply not a good book . Human nature is evil and corrupt is about all this book goes into , and it is all written from a childs perspective , dull and flat . This book delves into the loss of innocence , but these children as soon as they are introduced appear haughty and arrogant and self-absorbed . And then , throughout the book , they go on and fight with one another due to their level of immaturity , and end up murdering one another . This book is not about human nature , it is about the immaturity of children . These children do not think throughout the entire book , and it just seems stupid and a pointless read . This book also offers no resolutions to this `` problem '' . People can be evil . Look at all the wars throughout time , and the terrible things people can do to one another . We do n't need a book to point this out . It is common sense . Golding has accomplished nothing , and many , many people agree .
 William Golding does not leave readers with any thinking space to ponder of the values he brought up in the book . Unlike Harper Lee , whose novel requires a certain level of intelligence to interpret and understand , this novel spits out the themes directly , leaving no space for imagination . Even the symbols are so simple and uninteresting.This book has such a cynical and pessimistic view of the world , that i totally disagree with . I believe that no child would cause such destruction as this , and no child would be like he described , a incarnate of Satan.It is a book with his own thinking . It may be good if one understands and agrees with his way of thinking.I do n't .
 If I were scoring the story , it would have 5 stars . Unfortunately this reading by the author is n't all that great . For one , it 's dated and the audio quality suffers from that . There is no consistency in the sound so one minute he sounds okay and the next as though he 's stepped away from the microphone . Another annoying factor is the breathing and sighing while he 's reading making the whole thing sound like a chore . It 's a pity because this is an excellent story but the narration could use improvement .
 Have you ever had to fight for your own survival ? In Lord of the Flies by William Golding , a group of kids crash on a deserted island with no adult in sight . The kids choose a leader , Ralph , who fights for the survival of the group.I felt this book was slow in getting to the turning point in the plot . When I did reach that point it changed so drastically it left me puzzled . Reading this book was a chore . I struggled to keep myself interested through every chapter . The characters behaviors kept changing and it made the storyline hard to follow . I do not recommend this book to readers who crave exciting and interesting plots.-Tim Fox
 I was required to read this book for school in my Honors English Class -LRB- 9th grade -RRB- , I found it very hard to follow and too symbolic . This is the book of dreams for any English teacher who loves to get their students to read between the lines . Personally , I enjoy a book that is a challenging read , but in this book , every little detail meant something `` deeper '' and it gave me a headache trying to interpret the aspect of society the detail was trying to depict . I understood the book , but , it was not enjoyable for me and if it were not a required reading , I would not have read the book otherwise . But , if you like books to give you a headache , then this is perfect for you .
 The book Lork of the Flies was an ok book . To me I thought there was too many stories going on at the same time and there was to many charcters that the author talked about . Yet it had good adventures I was not really thrilled about this book . If you are looking for an adventure type or survival book then this book is a good book for you .
 I think that the authors purpose for writing this was to send a message that there is evil in all men . I agree with him because the boys expressed it after they lost respect for eachother . They all showed some kind of evil on the island . The literary element that the author showed was symbolism . He handled it very well because it made you want to keep reading to see if his symbolism was true or not . In my opinion , this book was believable because imagine being on the for six to nine months . the boys went crazy thinking about how long they were going to survive which of course made the evil come out in them . The book was less than perfect in the ending . I probably would have had some cops investigate on why some of the boys that were dead looked the way they did . That would have been my way of changing the flaws .
 i think the author 's message of this book is very clear . He is telling about how mean , cruel , and uncaring people can be , no matter what age . I definately agree with this because of all the horrible things that are seen on the news , it 's supports my theory . I think the author used characters best in the book because , in the book , from beginning to end , he analzyes and builds up every character . This is good because it lets you know who you 're reading about . This book was pretty much believable , excpet for the fact that the kids were a little too young to be doing what they were doing . Which incidentely , in my opinion , is the only flaw in this book . If i were the author , i would have simply changed the kids ages by making them a couple of years older . If this was done , it would have been much better and more realistic . I would recommend this book to anyone .
 In the novel Lord of the Flies , there is a direct correlation to the way the boys attempt to set up a form of organized government , and todays world . Ralph and Jack , the main characters , both seek to accomplish complete power of the island . Although they have a different opinion on how to run the island , each boy wants to be the leader and in complete domination.Ralph is set up to portray the `` good guy '' or the protagonist of the story . He is voted the first to be in charge of everyone on the island and through the beginning of the novel tries to run the island through a democracy . But as the book continues , he begins to lose control and a more anamalistic behavior takes over . At the same time , Jack is competing against Ralph to turn all of the little children against Ralph to feed his hunger for power.Jack is the obvious symbol of evil and wrong doing in the novel . As the book continues , Jack begins to feed more and more off of the power he recieves . Jack tries to turn the island into an anarchy . Ultimately Jack gains all of the power , out of pure fear from the little ones . The chronological order of the book also covers the necessary toics needed to show the rise and decline of the different leaders .
 This book I found took a while to get into but had a good way of starting . I love the plot and how everything turns out at the end . The story starts of well but soon enough the children become scared because of the `` beast '' . The group is split into two . Ralph and Piggy end up by themselves and Jack and his tribe become a bit obbsessed with the beast . They are the hunters and almost become to caught up in being standed on the island and fending for themselves.They go to far and end up doing things that are quite shocking for anyone espeshally children . The group become to over the top and they end up just not caring about their old friends anymore.One of the main points in the book is the fire . They decide to make a fire and keep it going so that passing planes nad ships would be able to find them . When the fire is left to go out and a plane passes the island Ralph and Jack have the fight that almost leads to jacks death.The tribe and jack and piggy are always stealing and fighting and even when people get hurt and things are getting out of control . Alot of the book is very sad and it just shows you what could happen if people did get stranded on the island . Toward the end things are going crazy and before they find adults theey almost burn down the island trying to find Ralph.When the children suddenly become in contact with adults at the end again they act as if they have woken up from a very long dream . They start crying and everything hits them that has happened in the last few weeks . They tried to act like adults and make rules but things definatly didint go as smooth as im sure all of them wanted .
 After The Lord of the Flies I had lots of mixed feelings . This book had its good and bad points . There were a few times when i got really into the book , but a lot of points where i found myself dozing off or just not paying attention to a single word i read on the page.I really liked the begging of the book . It seemed like this could have possibly happen . The kids on the island formed a small society and create a form of government and a system like I believe anyone stranded on the island would be.As the book progressed i became more and more less interested in the book . The author wrote a lot of the same ideas over and over like jacks going on and on about hunting . GET THE IDEA , CAN WE GET ON WITH THE REST OF THE STORY!After a while i lost the sense of the characters actions being realistic . Jack forms a tribe that splits off of the rest of the kids . His tribe seems to be based on hunting and spilling blood . They start singing `` KILL THE BEAST ! CUT HIS THROAT ! SPILL HIS BLOOD ! '' Which is the most random thing i can ever imagine anyone doing.Golding in my mind never actually explains how the kids survive . The kids just live you do n't really hear about how they find the fruit or the water . None of the kids ever complains -LRB- except about mean over and over ... -RRB- about things like sunburns or lack of food being cold , things you would expect from a bunch of young kids trapped on a tropical island in the middle of nowhere.Even though Golding does not address the main points in my mind , the points he does address he does very well . Ralph has a strong will to get rescued and him and piggy seem to be the only ones that are actually trying to get rescued . But Golding creates this beast that started out as just a nightmare into the kids killing each other because they are so paranoid . I wonder how the kids ever became so violent and bloodthirsty.All in all i did n't like the book . But for people who like a very fantastic and random story in no way could be true ; you might like it . If you are looking to read a serious book about survival in the wild i suggest hatchet which is very good in describing the way a boy learns to live -LRB- emphasis on the learns -RRB- . He does not just run around and kill things like the kids in LOTF .
 William Golding wrote a good book contrasting two types of war . Boys are stranded on an island after a plane crash . They are challenged to face a number of opsticals , including death . The time set is during WWII .
 Yet another book suffering from the `` classic-itis '' syndrome . Golding presents an intriguing premise and utilises provoking themes of savagery versus civilization , but he writes in such an uninspired and drawn-out manner that it 's extremely difficult to truly absorb oneself into the narrative . Every character was flat and unlikeable in at least one way ; the only one that came close to gaining my interest was one I pitied , and I deeply dislike piteous characters.I am female , and I have usually never minded any lack of prominent female roles in books or films . The way Golding uses the female here , though , is half-baked and somewhat insulting . As well , while I do n't mind symbolism if it 's varied and carefully used , there is only really one large symbolic theme in this book , and I found it rather elementary and fumbled.I do n't mind gore either -- among my favourite books is All Quiet on the Western Front , and despite its skewered view , one of my favourites movies is the hyperrealistic Black Hawk Down -- but the gore here has almost no emotional value at all and simply disgusts.The closing paragraphs are the only parts that came close to being interesting , if just for the symbolic contrast it provided . Even then , however , because Golding for me had built no tension or suspense whatsoever up to it , it merely showed how silly the entire affair and its participants were , and almost made me laugh despite the apparent gravity that was involved.It may have been all the enthusiasm around it from other readers , but even so , William Golding 's `` Lord of the Flies '' is one of the worst `` good '' books I have ever read .
 This was A book of choice I had chose for a book report in my histoy class . As I read the first couple chapters , I 'm sorry to say that it was missing something ... I did n't really get into it . The plot and descripton of things were kind of boring to me . But I did however , like the description of the platform , with the green water and reflection on the plam leaves . But They way he described the kids , i do n't know their faces , and that whole skinny dipping scene and that they 're all boys on the island - the way he kept descripbeing them , every detail of there looks - sounded kind of quer to me . -- I 'm sorry , no offense . Well anyway , this book was okay , but I think I should have stuck to my original book choice , wo n't say the name because it dose n't really matter . Wel ' p that concludes my review . so long .
 `` Lord of the flies `` The book in the beginning was interesting but when i reached the part when they go after ralph and piggy and try to get them , that 's what i did n't undrstand . How could 13 or 14 years old kidstry to kill each other , and do n't care.The book after all was not bad , it lets u read it even if your not interested . I like the way golding flies us from on idea to the another.for me i give it 2 stars
 And definitely not Lord of the Flies . While it might have some important messages and symbolism , it is all buried too deep between the lines . It projects the problems of society onto a group of boys plane wrecked on an abandoned island ; in the beginning they all attempt to survive and use the resources that are available , but as they continue to be marooned on the island , their little society becomes corrupted as they become violent and manipulative . The multiple plots , many characters , and headache-inducing descriptions all made this book tedious and unpleasant to read , especially since I had to do so unwillingly for school . I found the fact that the author had to use symbolism for every point he wanted to make , such as the boys turning into monsters , and the pig 's skull , got really tiring and boring to read . While this book is considered a classic and I suppose it has its relevancy after all these years , I would not reccomend wasting your time on it .
 Hated it - really boring . The only reason I did n't give it a one , is because it portrays what I see as an accurate description of what could happen given this situation .
 We did not think that the book was very good because up unitl the last few chapters it was soooooooo boring . It took a while for the book to get interesting . It was very disturbing to see 11 and 12 year old boys wanting to kill each other and hurt each other . We liked how there was a lot of symbolism in the book and how it related to what was going on in the time period in which the book took place .
 We think that the book , Lord of the Flies , was just ` ok ' . It was an intense way of looking at a goodlife . We believe that the message of the novel was always have hope . We thought it could have ended better , but it pulled it all together well . Although we were bored at times , we liked the way Golding had items symbolize ideas . The book was different then ones we have read in the past , therefore , it broadened our views of good versus evil .
 This is not a book that is for somebody who plans on being a dedicated reader . It is not a book that is easily accessable . It was hard to understand the symbolism and hidden features . It was hard to grasp some of the themes . However the message in the book is and important one to learn . It shows us that no matter how young , or old you may be you still have that seed of evil hidden inside of you .
 I was shocked by this book and dont think that it deservs the accolades that has been given . Students reading this would need to be very well balanced and well councelled .
 This is required reading in 9th grade . While there are quite a few lessons one can learn from it , storywise it is the worst book I 've ever read -LRB- and the movie is not any better -RRB- !!
 this book is the worst book i have ever read !!!! i had to read this for school , and it was horrible ! the writing is bad and i was falling asleep throughout the plot . this book does not even deserve the one star i am giving it ! u seriouly hated this book .
 I was assigned to read this book for World History . My teacher said that it related to man 's inner self , and she led discussions how Golding is trying to portray that man is inherently evil and killing is man 's natural instinct . I feel that this is rather a bleak and completely pessimistic view of humankind , and I do not believe that a group of children , or people of any age for that matter , would behave as savagely as Golding suggests . I did not agree with the themes of the book and did not enjoy reading it at all .
 `` This is not a novel to be tossed aside lightly . It should be thrown with great force . '' - Dorothy Parker . That just about sums up my feeling towards this book .
 I read a lot of novels for entertainment purposes , but I 'll start off by saying that those I read for school I usually like less then those I read on my own . It is possible I am biased . This novel seems to invite overanalyzation in the worst way . The flimsiest throwaway line can be sought out and examined for meaning . These meanings often reflect only what the reader wanted to see . I think Golding was trying to make a point and did a passable job at doing it . I think he lacks subtlety , however . The books that carry the most weight in my mind are those which do so in a manner you hardly notice , but at every turn Lord of the Flies screams out , `` there is an innate evil in humans ! '' Its ending seems contrived and somewhere along the line it acquires a nightmarish quality that seems to me to detract from the theme .
 I am sorry to say but this has to be one of the worst books I have ever read in my life . First off whatever plot was meant was basically pointless , in fact the plot was basically non existant . The writing was focused on what the author thought probable , however this probability is highly unlikely . I would never actually want to read the book again .
 The Lord of the Flies by William Golding was n't as good as I thought it was going to be . I thought that the idea of the book was very good and the theme was well thought out , but i do n't think it was well written . Some parts could have been better , but it was interesting . Somethings I disliked were that there were only boys on the island and no girls . If there were girls I think the story would have been different . I also did n't like how Piggy died . I think the book would have had a better ending if Piggy stayed alive.Some things that i liked about the book were most of it was realistic . The schoolboys made rules for themselves , and there became two sides . I liked how the characters were described and how the meanings of their names mathed their actual names .
 Lord of the Flies is a menacing look at the true nature of man , or the author 's idea of it . I found it an unbelievably shallow look at the human spirit . Just thinking of this book at night keeps me from getting a good nights sleep . I think Golding 's work is overly unsensitive , although it makes you think about yourself and what you would do in that situation . If you would do the same hideous things that the boys wind up resulting to .
 I just finished reading this book in English class and I must say it was not all that great . I thought that the boys were acting crazy . I do n't picture this ever happening in real life . I would rather read something else ! I 'm glad I finally finished it !
 This book was not very interesting at all . Maybe if he talked about more than a couple of things it might just be interesting .
 I read this book not too long ago for a high school summer reading project and needless to say , I absolutely hated reading this book . I mean , I can not believe how boring this book is . William Golding 's book may have sold a lot of copies since the '50s but it 's not high on my list of books to read again .
 I am very disappointed about the book `` Lord of the Flies . '' I am currently reading it -LRB- I 'm almost to Chapter 8 now -RRB- , and I 've found it extremely boring from just about the beginning of the book to where I am now . `` Lord of the Flies '' was assigned to me as a summer reading assignment -LRB- I 'm taking English Honors at school , so we 're expected to read books like `` Lord of the Flies '' -RRB- , but I think it was a poor choice as a book for students to read over the summer . I have heard that the ending is the most interesting part . I surely hope so . I 'm finding it hard to pick this book up and finish reading it . The book probably could have been about half as long as it is . How many times did the author describe the pink rocks or the way the sun was setting ? In Chapters 6 and 7 all that is discussed is finding the beast that the boys are looking for . We as readers at this point know that there really is no beast ! This part is definitely too drawn out . There is way too much description in this book . I usually enjoy imagery in writing -LRB- it allows the reader to envision the scene just as the writer did when he or she was writing the book -RRB- , but I think this book has so much imagery that it is actually confusing . I even find the dialogue confusing sometimes , because I 'm not sure who 's talking at certain points . I could go on and on about my opinions of this book . I really hope that this book gets a lot more interesting soon , because it 's really boring me !
 I just had to read this book , and I fell asleep more than once . First of all , what 's the point of the story ? Mr. Golding is a very talented writer , but I do n't think this was the best he could do .
 This was one of the worst books I have ever read . I have had to read it twice now and it was bad the first time and even worse the second time ! I do n't reccommend reading this book !
 What a piece of crap ! It was so comlicated that it got annoying ! DO NOT READ THIS BOOK !!!
 This book was terrible
 I did n't like this book at all when I read it as required summer reading . It was n't very interesting and for the most part it was difficult to understand . I still have n't completely grasped the concept of why it was called `` Lord of the Flies '' even though it was explained to me many times . I can not grasp the smaller themes in the book , but I did understand the overall theme . I had a very bad opinion of this book until I went back to school and parts of it were read aloud to me . I think that this book is much better when read aloud and with emotion , however it was not for me .
 I hated it , it was soo confusing . I had to read it in 5th grade and no one understood it at all .
 I think that the book was boring till the last two chapters then it started to pick up a little and get interesting.I think the book was slow moving and drawn out in alot of the chapters and the kids needed to get a difffrent method of talking and leader ship because the book was getting drawn out with all of the fighting and complanig kids would do it started to hurt your head.The worst part of the book was the ending because it ended with the kids getting rescued and they started to cry like wimps after they all ready killed two kids . The best part was when the kids were getting killed then the story started to pick up a little but then it got dumb after the rampage stoped . Thats why this gets a rating of two .
 I picked up this book when someone had mentioned they were required to read it in school as children . This book is about the end of innocence and the heart of darkness . Ok , before you get scared away by the two phrases I just mentioned , let me explain . So without even reading the book , you probably know it 's about a bunch of English schoolboys who get stranded on an island and are forced to survive without the supervision of adults . This book is supposed to be full of symbolisms ; each character and animal represent some idea or entity in society . The end of innocence I mentioned begins with the slaughter of a pig for food . The heart of darkness comes when the leader of the hunting tribe loses his mental stability and decides to hunt for more than just pig.It 's actually a very short story -LRB- 208 pages -RRB- , and the dialogue is very simplistic . I found the author 's descriptions of the jungle , beach , lagoon , and mountain to be quite boring . -LRB- You 'll also notice that I said schoolboys in the last paragraph ; there are no girls in this story . There is no underlying love story . There is no humor . There is no excitement whatsoever . -RRB- To be honest , I do n't like this book . Even less so as required reading for school kids . To not interpret the symbolisms would be to leave the book as a plotless story . Yet to interpret it would mean exposing children to the horrors of savagery , abuse and survival.LEAP rating -LRB- each out of 5 -RRB- : ============================ L -LRB- Language -RRB- - 3 -LRB- You can put as much interpretation as you want in the `` symbolisms '' of this book , but I 'm too lazy to let my mind wander in search of a deeper meaning . -RRB- E -LRB- Erotica -RRB- - 0 -LRB- n/a -RRB- A -LRB- Action -RRB- - 0.5 -LRB- You really ca n't get excited over a bunch of schoolboys and a few pigs . -RRB- P -LRB- Plot -RRB- - 2 -LRB- Boys get stranded , boys form a society , boys survive and wait for rescue . -RRB-
 I was asked to read this book , and I thought the title was interesting . Well , I was wrong . The only good part was the last chapter !!! Here is a basic synopsis of the book
 I had to read this book for literiture class I hated it . my teacher rattled on about the symbolizm in this book.It was so boring and kinda gory.Plus no girls , wasnt they susposed to repopulate the world after nuclear war so not possible wih only boys . The one thing i found interesting was how they acted like wild animals after they had been on the island a while.that was kinda cool.But it was to confusing
 As a response to one of the reviews that speaks quite highly of this novel , I would like to say that despite my understanding and comprehension of the book , I still found it entirely dull , boring , and a waste of my time . Since it was required of me to read this book in school , I was forced to make my way through each dragging chapter , but I would have never on my own time , and it 's not because I did n't understand the book that I feel this way about it . My class discussed quite thouroughly about the book 's symbolism , which was Golding 's intention to start out with . Despite its hidden meanings , the novel still remains absolutely ridiculous in the sense that these young British boys turn completely salvage and kill their fellow islanders . If the book was looked at through a totally symbolic perspective , it would make more sense , but in order to understand its symbolism , one still has to read it , and it is really not worth it .
 As a teen entering the 9th grade at private school , I was instructed to read this book by the school . I , of course , read the book , but did so with pain . This is not a long book , but not short either . It took me about a week just to read all 208 pages . I was unimpressed by the topic of this book , several young British boys stuck on an island , and in my opinion , this author was in la-la land when he wrote the book . Although this is just my opinion , it was agreed on by my father , who read a small ammount while he waited for me at an appointment . If you love fantasy stories about people on deserted islands that try to form a government and fail , then resort to killing each other , this is definately the book for you . This is not a book I would recommend for those my age , 14 , at all . I will say , however , that the ending reflected the main idea of the story and was excellent . The book was still difficult to read and I hope this review will warn you .
 While I was reading this incredibly violent novel I could hardly bear to go on . I could n't wait to finish it . Not because of the fabulousness of the book but because I could n't wait to put the book down ; it was so dumb . Unfortunately I was forced to finish the whole thing for English class . I 'm glad the whole `` Lord of the Flies '' topic is over . I 've given several reviews on this book but since none of them came out I 'm making one again -- so I can tell everyone to be cautious and not to buy this book . No -- that may be a little too harsh . I think this book is very uninteresting for most teens so I do n't reccomend this book to be read by kids in the 16 and below age range . I suppose it 's bearable -- for someone who actually enjoys reading books , like myself . But this would be utter hell for those who despise reading . The whole thing is just so wrong . Too many descriptions , extremely wrong moral/point or whatever , way too violent , and I agree that W. Golding also failed to mention who was saying what sometimes , as the reader from Houston said . I do n't agree though that the ending was good . It 's like , there 's this bunch of British boys stranded on a little island . Then they start getting all violent and drifting farther and farther away from their normal , civilized selves . They form into two groups -- the good group , with Ralph , and the bad group -LRB- also known as the tribe -RRB- with Jack -- and fight over the silliest things . In the end two characters no longer exist -- they 've been killed by some of the boys . After all that senseless stuff all that happens is that a cruiser comes and rescues them and the whole nightmare is over . I mean , stupid or what ?
 This is one of the few books in my elite `` bounce '' category -- it bounced off the wall when I finished it . I am aware of all the praise that has been heaped upon this book . This is one of the times at which I must find myself unable to really even comprehend the reasoning -LRB- if any -RRB- that goes on in the minds of those who have handed out the awards . _ Lord of the Flies _ is , we are told , a novel about human beings and their nature . It 's a shame we see so few human beings in the book . Golding seems to see savagery as the natural and instinctive state of humanity , a position that 's logically untenable -LRB- if this was the `` natural '' way , exactly how did we acquire civilization at all , let alone keep it long enough to develop the printing press necessary to spread such -LSB- negativity -RSB- ? -RRB- Ignoring the stated literary intent , the book is on the surface the story of shipwrecked children trying to survive , a la Robinson Crusoe and Mysterious Island . However , in this aspect it also fails miserably , with characters not even covering the gamut of behavior one would suspect from children -LRB- at least some would have tried making a boat , one would think ; while the exact time Lord of the Flies takes place is indeterminate , Kon-Tiki had sailed from Peru to Polynesia in 1947 , something the character Piggy , at least , would probably have known -RRB- , and with one of the most important parts of a survival story -- the survival science -- being gotten dismally wrong . This is most notable in having the NEARSIGHTED Piggy 's glasses be used to start a fire , and it 's one of the least excusable ; even if Golding himself was n't nearsighted , one would think he 'd have one or two acquaintances whose glasses he could borrow for a second to test the idea.Admittedly , Golding has an excellent grasp of the language and uses it well . The book is well-written in a technical sense . Yet it fails utterly on both its major levels , failing to convince me of its major thesis on human behavior , and wrecking the suspension of disbelief in its overt plotline.I was personally quite aware of the potential savage nature of young people -- I was one of the bullied types -- yet the level of cynicism necessary to accept Lord of the Flies ' ideas never came to me . I think Golding misses an essential streak of optimism that exists in young people , a willingness to try things and a dedication to survive that explains the fact that we 're still a civilized species instead of a scattered group of savages barely above the flint-chipping level .
 I hate this book . It was by far the worst book ever . The book could easaly be 10 pages but it was like 300 pages . The book was so slow . The book had to much detail , I had no idea you could have too much detail.I would never recommend this book to anyone . My little tip to the auther is to never write another book . I would rather read cifford the dog.The whole plot of the story is the same as `` Lost '' so that is kind of cool . The book was with kids so it made the book more intresting but not by much . I felt reading this book is a punishment . So do n't read it .
 if ur a kid going to highscool and you have to read this book for school be warned that its BOOORRRIIINNGG . its weird and nothing cool happens the first 110 pages . some parts are ok but its mostly a crazy story . i wish i didnt have to read this crap over the summer , not to mention the friggin homework that comes with it .
 Until Lord of the Flies I had NEVER left a book unfinished . Flies was excruciatingly dull , and uses way too much advanced vocabulary making it impossible to understand . The plot was horrible , and the characters under developed . I had trouble keeping the characters straight . They just seemed to blend together and had no distinct personality . I pity anyone sucked into reading this . It was one of the worth things I have ever read and I absolutely despise it . I would just like to know what the heck Golding was thinking when he wrote this ! If it was possible I would have given this book a negative ten . A one is much too high for such a poor excuse for literature .
 I thought Lord of the Flies was okay , but it was n't the greatest book ever written . I felt there were quite a few changes the author could have made to the story . First of all I did n't like the way the book used so much symbolism . This , along with many British terms I did n't understand , made it very confusing . I also did n't like how the author killed off the littlun with the birthmark , Simon , and Piggy . I thought there was just something wrong about killing off three young children.There were some good aspects of the book . First of all I liked the way the author described the environment the boys were in . It was very thorough . I also thought it was good how the author divided the boys into two seperate societies . I felt it demonstrated the two sides of society very well . It demonstrated that on the surface society seems organized and well-governed . But sometimes underneath it all people can be savage , cruel , and sadistic to each other.Overall I felt that this book was okay . But I would n't recomend it to most people and probably would n't read it again .
 I mean it !! It 's just so good . With the flies , and the Christian symbols . -LRB- `` Lord '' . Get it ? -RRB- And that Bill Golding , he 's so arch . It 's no wonder they gave him the Noble Prize . My girlfriend read this one and that other with the island and the lobster , and the other one , with the apes , like that one movie , and she thought they were just the best . And she knows her literature.So buy this book and read it right away ! And I 'll bet you can buy both the movie versions here , so buy them too , right now , because you wo n't regret it . Just curl up in front of the TV with a ham sandwich and enjoy .
 I read this book for English , and I was looking forward to it . I am obsessed with Survivor , so I thought it would be fun . WRONG !!! It is incredibly boring and disgusting . I was very much disturbed when I found young children killing each other . I think that anyone with a conscience would agree with me . Please , only read if you must . Also , a note to English teachers
 I read this book on my own spare time over the summer for some fun reading . . at least that 's what I thought . First the plot . It is about a bunch of flies in a world a stupidly dark world . They eat themselves . It was so incredibly a waste of my time , that i deffinitely do not reccomend this book . Do n't waste your money and time with this book .
 If you ask ten people who have read William Golding 's Lord of the Flies , half of those people will say that they loved it or `` thought it was n't that bad '' and other five will say that they despised it . I am one of those who despised it . There are definitely some good , maybe even great qualities of Lord of the Flies and the allegorical and symbolic meanings that are hidden throughout the book are important and a good thing to study in class yet , if I was given this and say , War and Peace , I would grab War and Peace in a second . The truth to why I dislike LotF so very much is a bit complicated . This book opens on a boy wandering around an island . You are given almost no information on where this boy -LRB- or the other boys who show up later -RRB- came from . There are little bits of information of their back story stuck in the book almost randomly . Unless you are paying a lot of attention to every word that Golding writes , it is easy to miss these precious details . That is not the only reason that this is not may favorite book in the world . I 'm not sure if Golding purposely did this or if this is just the way he happened to write it , but the the majority of the characters seem to be purely evil and it is quite hard to read the book without feeling you have personal grudge against each one . I wo n't go into intimate details -LRB- just so you can read it yourself and understand the disgust I have with these boys -RRB- but each boy acts in a certain way that makes you wonder how evil a child can be when not under any kind of adult supervision or guidance . In conclusion , if you would like to buy this book , I warn you . You may be one of the ones who like it and shrug off the savagery of the boy or you could be one who ca n't even stand to finish it . It is completely up to you .
 This book taught
 The Lord Of The Flies is without a doubt a classic work of symbolism . William Golding really did do an incredible job of linking every vague detail in his book to the ideas he had about human nature , and the post world war II world in symbolistic forms -LRB- The Conch , The Glasses , The Beast -RRB- . Still , finishing the book leaves one with a rather bitter taste in their mouth . I feel that the extraneous amounts of unnecessary violence Golding included , and the extreme behavior of the characters as the story progressed really kept me from appreciating the true artistic essence , and incredible emotion of this book.The story itself begins with a group of young military-school boys -LRB- who are assumed to have suffered a plane crash over the ocean water -RRB- landing on a small , uninhabited tropical island . Ralph , the main character , quickly steps up to leading the group , and gets the boys on track to getting rescued . He has them start a signal fire ; make shelters , and just generally keeps them in a microcosmic society of the world they once knew.The society quickly breaks down though . Jack -LRB- a boy jealous of Ralph 's leadership -RRB- is overcome by his urge to hunt wild pigs and have fun , and finally leaves the group over a conflict of interest about the signal fire . Gradually everyone who once followed Ralph leave him to join Jack 's primordial savage hunting tribe , where they hunt wild pigs and savagely kill them . This in itself is graphically documented throughout the book , and the boys ' morals are gradually replaced with more primitive instinct and reasoning.Before you know it , a book that started out fairly boringly is filled with rotting severed pig 's heads on sticks talking to characters in the book -LRB- in their head , showing their mental stability starting to depart from them , but somewhat disturbing none the less -RRB- , and Jack 's tribe savagely killing some of the boys that did n't join them , for unclear reasons -LRB- being overcome by their lust for violence , rebellion from sane society , call it what you will -RRB- . There is a sporadic parallel story going on , about a `` Beast , '' which is nothing more than the boys ' respective manifestations of their worst fears -LRB- and perhaps the fear of the consequences of their actions catching up with them -RRB- , and this fear feeds Jack 's tribe 's ruthlessness towards the end of the book . Quite predictably , the book ends with the boys being rescued , but not before Jack and his tribe almost murders Ralph.I really wish I could have appreciated this book more , but frankly the writer 's negative view of the world -LRB- which was in turn reflected in his writing -RRB- was a little too depressing to be enjoyable . I do recommend the book as a good read at least once , and it is without a doubt a classic work of literature , but when it all comes down to it ... I feel it is both a boring , and highly depressing story .
 OK , I must be the odd man out here . This book falls into many of the `` listmania '' lists of other books that I found to be quite good . So , I had it delivered and found it to be the worst book I 've read in a few years . What do people see in this?I 'll grant the fact that there is some nice symbolism with the conch , the boar head , and such . But that is all it has going for it.Golding attempts to show the reader how easily mankind can become corrupted when left to their own devices , but the story he masked it with is pretty poor . For something written as recent as 1950 , I would have expected much better.First off , there is no mention of what happened to the plane . Just some boys on an island and the plane crash just seemed to be a way to get them there . There is no wreckage to deal with , no dead bodies smelling up the island . Secondly , there is no time reference at all . It seems that the kids hair just grew long , magically overnight . Without any mention to a timeframe , it appears they are on the island about a week . I 'm sure it was longer , because nobody should have as little faith in humankind to think that we should devolve to savages so quickly . Maybe Golding did think it could happen that fast ... I do n't know.I would n't recommend this book to someone who really enjoys reading and likes to see the plot and the characters well developed . This seemed to be thrown together with no regard to the plot whatsoever . If this book comes on a recommended list , but there are other options , AVOID THIS ONE !
 I thought that the Lord of the Flies had a really good theme , about the beast within us all . However , the way it was brought across to the reader was kind of wordy and confusing . But , the storyline behind it I thought was good.All in all it was an okay book to read .
 I hated this book , along with my other book i had to read this summer . I hope my english teacher spares the boredom on the 6th graders that are going to have to read this . It was page after page of boring descriptions . I really did n't want to read it ... but i did n't want to get an F on my test . THIS BOOK IS NOOOOOOT RECOMMENDED
 It was a very horiible boo
 I had to read this book in my English class and it was horrible . It was bloody , depressing , and absolutly vile . I found my self cringe when I thought about reading it . If you have a tough time thinking back on your high school day because people were descriminating to you because of the way you looked or acted , this book will re-open those painfull scars . Nobody should ever recommend this book because it 's so depressing and wretched .
 I seldomly read a book that makes me want to drink my own urine . This book seems to capture every element that I hate.For starters , the book drops you onto this island . They never truly describe what `` the scar '' is exactly . Then we watch as Ralph and Jack become bitter enemies . I really hated Ralph and Jack from the beggining mostly because they seem way to immature . Now , if I was 10 or 13 and such ... I would not resort to killing people after like the second week . Then there is the fact of Ralph . Ralph is really arrogant of Piggy 's feelings and eventually starts becoming annoying . Piggy is the only real character I liked next to Simon . Jack is really arrogant also . He is so immature that it is almost laughable . Did n't these kids come from a private school ? My gosh , to think that one week on an island could make some of the worst sins be committed by 10 year old boys ... The whole detail of the story becomes a little to fine for its own good . The pictures the author describe have no meaning to me . Apparently there is a square , pink piece of land jutting out of the beach . What ? The whole end of chapter 3 was the worst when Simon walks through the forest . I just stopped caring about how that blade of grass was bent at a 76 degree angle.For those who want a great book try Tolkien or R.A. Salvatore . If you hate fantasy then why are you contemplating buying this book ? That is all it is . I know I would n't kill someone after one week on an island . P.S. . The book is n't `` terrifying '' .
 I 've got severely wrinckled book . This is the second time in a year . I 'd purchased these books for present . So I was un , un , unhappy !
 Absolute worst book ever written ! What is the point besides English boys going insane and killing eachother ? I only read this book because of the reviews of five stars , but they are absoulutely wrong ! Do NOT spend money on this book .
 Even though I had to read this for school , I though it was a very boring book . I managed to suffer through it . I suggest avioding it at all costs . I think the only worse story is Oliver Twist . While it 's obvious the Golding is an excellent writer , he does n't ensnare the reader as do the better books .
 I had to read this book for my grade 10 english class . In my opinion , it is the worst book ever written . It is cruel and disgusting and I do n't think it 's even appropriate for teens . The first 4 chapters are the best of the whole book . I do n't think highschool students should have to read this book , even if it is a classic .
 It is not only stupid and senseless through out all the book , but it has a very stupid ending I do n't know who could write such a bad book , you have to be mess up .
 The book starts out easily , and anyone reading it could probably catch on pretty quickly . There has been a plane crash , and the only survivors are a number of British boys ages 4 to about 14 . Soon after they realize that they are on an uninhabited island , and that they must rely on themselves to survive and to get rescued . Upon arriving at the island , they have a group meeting , and when Ralph is voted chief of the island , Jack is left as an also-ran . That 's something what I liked about this novel , the whole idea of children being captive on an island , living of pigs and fruit , and trying to maintain a civilization with order and authority all by themselves.However , I am surprised that I actually finished this book . This book is beyond the most boring and dull book in the world . It seems as if William Golding spend weeks on each paragraph and dialogue just to sound so absolutely intellectual to the highest extent . From the looks of it , I 'd say that he tried way too hard to impress his Oxford college friends . Unless if you are really into the symbolism or if you have a master 's degree with an English major , then you would have been able to understand everything in this book . From every significant event , to every detail expressed about the children 's actions or their surroundings , it is better to have Cliff Notes by your side if you wanted to catch every little segment of symbolism and importance .
 While this book was well written and created vivid pictures , I was disturbed by the the theme of this story . It was extremely odd and disgusting . After hearing that this book has recieved high ratings , I was very dissapointed with the warped ideas Golding used to express `` human nature '' . I do not reccomend this book .
 As a response to one of the reviews that speaks quite highly of this novel , I would like to say that despite my understanding and comprehension of the book , I still found it entirely dull , boring , and a waste of my time . Since it was required of me to read this book in school , I was forced to make my way through each dragging chapter , but I would have never on my own time , and it 's not because I did n't understand the book that I feel this way about it . My class discussed quite thouroughly about the book 's symbolism , which was Golding 's intention to start out with . Despite its hidden meanings , the novel still remains absolutely ridiculous in the sense that these young British boys turn completely salvage and kill their fellow islanders . If the book was looked at through a totally symbolic perspective , it would make more sense , but in order to understand its symbolism , one still has to read it , and it is really not worth it .
 I first read this book 30 years ago for a high school English class . I found it to be horrible . I recently read it a second time when my daughter read it for her English class . A thing of art may be a thing of beauty , but this book is a perpetual piece of trash ! My daughter who has read hundreds of books says it is the second worst book she has ever read . English teachers please take note - this is not wine that gets better with age . It is more like stale beer .
 I really do n't know what kind of criteria this book met to receive as much acclamation over the years as it has , it is the absolute worst book I 've ever read . Pessimistic , cynical , jaded and completely blind to the truth of the human condition , Golding uses this book as an opportunity to highlight the worst part of the human condition . Golding 's message that mankind is imprisoned by civilization , and once we are freed from it we will return to `` savage '' roots is baseless and nihilistic . Save yourself the agravation and do not read this book . If you are looking for a cautionary tale of some sort , read 1984 by George Orwell or anything other than this insulting piece of overrated literature .
 The purpose of this book was to reveal the loss of innocence . Lord of The Flies was well written and very descriptive . I hated reading this book with a passion . I personally would n't recommend this book to anyone because it is disturbing.I guess there are certain types of people who like to read books like this and I 'm not one of them .
 I am a college student and was required to read Lord of the Flies my freshman year of high school . I do n't think anyone in my class , even the professor , enjoyed it . Until visiting Amazon.com , I had never met anyone who liked this book . Universiality or something appealing to all people is a criteria in judging good art .
 Golding proceeds from the flawed premise that human beings , if left to themselves , will revert to their animal natures . Obviously it 's flawed because otherwise we would never have achieved civilization in the first place . Besides the general degredation of humankind that Golding appears to relish , the book also fails because of its silly , deus-ex-machina ending . In short , about the best thing that one can say about this book is that it 's widely read ; but then again , so was the Little Red Book .
 The Lord of the Flies was without a doubt one of the stupidestand most pointless books I 've ever read . Some people say it had adeeper meaning , a meaning that could change the readers life . To those people I say , `` Get a Life ! '' There was no meaning or point to it at all ! The book was about naked kids running around killing each other for no reason . It was retarded ! It 's not even worth my time writing this review - the only reason I am is to warn others who might innocently pick up the book because they heard it was good . My advice
 This is the only book I 've ever read that I actively dislike . I 'd be tempted to say that it 's an accursed book . The imagery is somewhat confusing and , when worked out , sometimes means the opposite of what I think it should mean . There is some semblance of a plot , but it does not follow a clear story line . The thoughts behind the book are garbled , the language often muddy , and one has the feeling that if there had been just one female on the island of whatever age , none of the events would have happened . These were not the actions of boys . It was not a representation of society . It butchered my mind as surely as the schoolboys butchered each other .
 I have for some years had an axe to grind with whatever committee of human waste it was that got together and decided what constituted classic literature . It must have happened at some point , that a group of people declared themselves worthy to judge for our youth what would teach them to love reading , what made a good story.I love reading . I love a good story . I hate Lord of the Flies.As hard as the educational system tried to force me to read and appreciate their endless list of disturbing books , I still love reading good ones . And when I think back on these school-supported pieces of filth , Lord of the Flies stands out as the top representative of what is awful in a book.I get what the man was going for , what he was trying to say about humanity . I wish I could say he was dead wrong about human nature but indeed I think he accomplished just what he set out to do . That got the novel one extra star . No more . Yes , when left to their own devices , a group of innocents could very well turn savage.And that 's exactly what is wrong with making young people read it . Is there no other novel to teach them about human nature ? They 'll hate whatever we give them , true , and maybe that 's why they have been given such vile specimens , to save the good books for them to appreciate later . But it 's no excuse ... When I read this in school , it was horrible enough in print , but then they saw to it that we watched a dank , dark , desolate motion-picture rendition as well , in order that we might forever have burned into our memories the image of a little boy being speared by bullies and a plump boy being crushed by a boulder shoved by those bullies . All it did was give kids nightmares and serve to punctuate the message they 'd been sending us all through school
 I had to read this book in my 9th Grade English Honors class , and could n't wait to get it over with ! It used terminology that was hard to understand and I never actually understood what was going on until we went over it as a class , and even then I still had trouble ! Now , for summer reading I am having to read To Kill a Mockingbird and it is pretty good ! Not even comparible to Lord of the Flies ! To sum it up in one word , YUCK !!!
 Lord of the Flies is a powerful story about a group of English schoolboys who have survived a plane crash and are stranded on a deserted island . In the beginning it seems like the boys will have quite an awesome adventure -- they are completely on their own with no adult supervision . One of the oldest boys , Ralph , attempts to get the others organized so that they will have food , shelter , and a rescue signal fire.Ralph 's logical approach to survival is soon challenged by Jack , the novel 's antagonist , who is also in charge of the hunting . His desire for total power is quickly evident as he and his followers become increasingly wild , barbaric , and cruel . Their cruelty extends beyond simply hunting animals for food . Soon they are hunting and killing each other.While I did not particularly enjoy reading this book , I believe that the way the different characters are developed is interesting . Each of the main characters seems to represent an aspect of human nature and society . For example , Ralph represents the civilizing instinct in human beings compared to savagery represented by Jack . Simon , who is shy and more sensitive than the others , seems to represent the natural goodness found in people . Roger represents exactly the opposite -- he is sadistic and very cruel . I think my favorite character is Piggy , because he is a very logical thinker and smart . Because I found this character appealing , his murder was very disturbing to me.Actually , the entire story was disturbing . It was hard to imagine that the boys waging this `` war '' against each other were so young -- the oldest was only twelve years old . It was interesting to me that the more violent the story got , the older the boys seemed . I think what I did n't like was the implication that humans are innately evil . Goodness was portrayed as an aspect of civilization . As civilization deteriorated throughout the story , cruelty and violence increased . It seemed more natural to be evil than to be good . The severed pig 's head -LRB- named the Lord of the Flies -RRB- mounted on the stake in the forest seemed to represent that innate evil . Since I do n't believe that humans are naturally cruel and violent , I found this book difficult to read . It is not a book I would recommend .
 I did n'tlike this book this book that much , and i dont think I 'll read it again.I did n't like Lord of the Flies that much beacause some parts were kinda confusing and boring to me . Lord of the Flies is about a group of kids that get stranded on a island and start a tribe with a boy named Ralph as there leader and have to survie on this island . I would give this book 2 stars beacause i thought the book was confusing and boring in some parts . I would not recommend this book .
 I had to read this book for class I 'm taking in the fall . Because this was required reading , I expected to be blown away by the story . Unfortuantely I was n't . I thought the messages he was trying to convey were indeed , profound , but I was not at all moved . It did not bring out any emotions in me at all while reading it .
 The Lord of the Flies is about an airplane , which crashes on an island , and a group of kids are trapped there . The book is about their time spent on the island . The main characters are Ralph , Piggy , Jack and Simon . As soon as they crash on the island , they start having many problems . At first everyone is good and picks Ralph as chief . Then things slowly start to turn bad when Jack and his hunters let the fire out and a ship went by without seeing the smoke . Jack takes everyone but Piggy , Ralph , Simon and some little ones and goes to the other side of the island and makes his own tribe . My favorite character is Ralph because he seems to be the only smart one with some kind of authority on the island . He is the only adult like figure on the island.Ralph shows the kind of person that will see a problem and try to fix it the right way . Jack sees a problem as an opportunity to take control and start running everything and making the problem worse at the same time . I see this everyday , even when I am in class . You have your kids that are like Jack and want to give the teacher and everyone else a hard time . Then you have people like Ralph . The person in class that sits there and does the work because they know that making things harder for the teacher , will only make things harder for them . I 'm like two in one because if I see a chance to make a good joke , I make it . Otherwise I keep my mouth closed.I thought the book was kind of confusing because the author jumped around a lot . And did n't explain things as well as he should . The book went a little slow too . My favorite part in the book is at the end when the navy officer is standing there talking to Ralph . It 's a flash back to real life . The only thing I would change in the book is the lack of information.This book is easy to get into in the beginning , but then slows down during the end . I spent a lot of time rereading parts in the book . The only people I think would like this is a younger kid because they do n't care about understanding it or an older person because they have the knowledge to understand what is happening .
 I saw the movie and read the book . I thought it was realistic but horrible . It is gruesome , and the details of the killings are unnecessary . I rated 2 stars because it was a realalistic and made good conversation in my religion class . Send your comments of my review to my email please .
 the story itself is very good i always love this author 's imagination.but this kindle edition has a bunch of typos.although it 's selfcorrecting but nevertheless annoying .
 Dortmunder stories are amusing , but this one would best be served by being a short story rather than the short novel tht it is . The premise of stealing a bank , temporarily located in a mobile home trailer while construction of a new facility is going on is certainly entertaining and humorous , the book even in its compact form drags on . If you love the antics of Dortmunder and his cohorts , you will probably like this as it follows the same formula as others . However , if you are looking for a humorous story that is more than absurdity then pass on this one .
 This was a tough one . It felt as though the author was on a mission to use every word in the dictionary only once . People just do n't speak this way . It took me less time to read Atlas Shrugged .
 This is probbably the best book i have ever read.it starts of good and gets better.it keeps geting better and the end is the best bit.if i had not read this book i would read it again.there are so many good bits .
 This book starts badly and gets progressively worse . By the time I had finished this `` book '' -LRB- ! -RRB- , I just felt compelled to register my disgust throughout the world . I really do not see what all of the fuss is about . It is just too farfetched , I mean , all the book is , is `` Romeo and Juliet '' set in the backdrop of some God-forsaken island that no-one has heard of . In closing , I would just like to say that I think that this book should be `` nitrogenated '' over , as Dr Iannis so succinctly puts it .
 Friends who know I ` m interested in war history recommended this book . But this is not war history . This is a rather banal love story mixed up with a lot of bloody details . If you are looking for the real stuff , go somewhere else .
 This book was written in 1987 ! Technically speaking , it 's completely out of date.My major criticism , though , is the low value of the content . Do we really need to be taught that soft or pastel colors appeal more to women ? Not only is that kind of thinking outdated , but who needs to read a book with that level of `` information '' ?
 This book was not quite what I expected . My daughter is still a beginning skater -LRB- Freestyle 1 -RRB- , yet after paging through it , I found 3/4 of the book to be irrelevant to her level . The small portion of the book that would be helpful to her begins on page 161 . I would only recommend this book for parents/children who are thinking about beginning skating , or have just begun to take group lessons .
 i felt the story was long and borin
 I was forced to read this book for a combination honors English , History class . We were studying the Guilded Age and the teachers felt this novel would help to portray exactly what people went through . Needless to say I was very bored . The descriptions are so intense and Dreiser 's style of writing was not enough to keep me awake . There were certain aspects that I enjoyed , however the majority of this novel was comprised of verbose sections . This book did not really meet my expectations and I was not very satisfied . However , I was told that you might need to read it 5 times before all of the meaning would come through . I would n't give it the time .
 I picked this book up in a `` bargain bin , '' so my expectations were rather low . Unfortunately , they were fulfilled.The actual practices in the book are rather good . Some of them I 've seen before and practice in my daily life . But the book itself tries to back them up with the saddest examples of cargo-cult science and unverifiable `` case studies '' I 've seen this side of _ The Peter Principle _ . One example
 This book was terrible . I bought it in the hopes of learning something better than the normal mneumonic techniques ; however , her book showed techniques that were impractical and plain dumb . For all those out there looking for a good book on memory that will really WORK !!!! Try Harry Lorayne and Jerry Lucas 's The Memory Book . The techniques are easy to learn , but will take time to apply to information for school . However , you will be rewarded for your efforts .
 I picked this book up solely because of the endorsement by Stephen King on the cover -LRB- `` I loved this book . The Abyss is very close to being great . '' -RRB- By the time I had finished , I wished I had ignored Mr. King . I found the book not enjoyable in the least.The story 's premise is interesting enough , if not exactly original . A group of coal miners deep under the Tennessee ground in one of the country 's deepest mines begins to experience strange phenomena . As they dig deeper , they uncover artifacts that seem to have no business so far underground
 This book could have been a good horror story . The story line was good actually . But by the time I got thru all the vulgarness and -LSB- ... -RSB- , I was totally disgusted . I am not a prude by any means , but when I finished this book I threw it in the trash . And then ending was a huge letdown as well.It leave you thinking `` What the heck is that all about ? '' Sorry I could n't give it less than 1 star .
 This book is appauling . I love horror books but this one is written in such an amateurish way that I am sure that Mr Cunningham must return either to his previous job as an art expert or take up a new proffession as an extra on the next Flintstones movie . Truly a waste of time .
 This novel is a travesty . That Ms. Barrett would even presume to complete the work of one of the greatest English authors is audacity personified . This book is extremely boring and seemingly plotless . If you 're looking for a satisfying completion to this novel choose `` Sandition '' by Jane Austen and `` Another Lady '' instead . Ms. Barrett not only fails to deliver the wittiness and sharp insight of a Jane Austen novel , she also fails miserably at attempting Austen 's style of writing . Truly a disappointment , to put it mildly .
 Jane Austen 's fragment is a delightful story which is ruined with the first sentence Julia Barrett writes . In it she has Charlotte repeat the joke the narrator has just told . The language becomes convoluted and flowery . All the characters sound like Sir Edward Denham but without the poetry quotations . There is very little action of any kind in the book . Jane Austen 's characters fade into the background and the new ones introduced by Barrett take over the story . Charlotte , Lady Denham and Sidney Parker seem to change character completely as soon as Barrett takes over the writing . She takes six or more pages to say what Austen would have put in a couple of sentences . What plot there is bears little resemblence to anything Jane Austen seems to have had in mind .
 I am always eager to read completions of Jane Austen 's work , unlike those who find it unthinkable that anyone should touch the gems she left behind . I find Ms. Barrett 's work disappointing , however , because it appears to me that it lacks the subtlety and charm so characteristic of Jane Austen 's
 I really wanted to like this book , but it pains me to say that is was terrible . I am mystified why the author chose to call the book Charlotte because after JA 's portion , Charlotte is rarely mentioned . The rest of the story is a collection of rambling , tedious speeches by minor characters . The story becomes ridiculous when the author introduces piracy and horse racing into Sandition . It ends with the inevitable , but unbelievable uniting of Charlotte to Sidney . It is unbelievable because they have barely had 2 or 3 superficial conversations in all of the author 's addition to JA 's fragment . Do n't waste your time on this one , check out Sandition instead .
 Even casual readers of Jane Austen understand that all her writing exists within a certain range . All her novels contain some variation of certain plot elements - the hero , the female rival -LRB- s -RRB- for the hero 's affections , the decoy hero , the would n't - marry-him-even-if-he-was / even-though-he-is-worth-10 ,000 - a-year anti-hero . Austen 's genious was not in original plotting , but in her use of this formula to explore character , human nature and society . The opening chapters of _ Charlotte _ , those penned by our beloved authoress , set up all these elements brilliantly . Unfortunately , when Julia Barrett takes over the narrative , we find no social commentary -LRB- forgiveable perhaps since Ms. Barrett does not live in the society described -RRB- , but more importantly , a plot which ambles about as non-sensically as a drunk who has lost his sense of direction . The heroine spends most of her time outside the hero 's company , and a considerable time outside of Sanditon and away from most of the characters introduced . The characters clearly intended by Austen as rivals disappear from the pages between their introduction and their marriages , approximately 90 % of the story . I can hardly critize Ms. Barrett for not writing in Austen 's style or with Austen 's formula . I only expect such deviations to be done well , in a manner that is internally consistent with the characters introduced , which _ Charlotte _ is not .
 As a lover of all things Austen , I was very excited when I first came upon this book . But this completion of Sanditon is incredibly weak . The plot wanders aimlessly , although `` wanders '' is perhaps too favorable of a term since it implies some momentum.Worse , the characterization is frightfully dull . The previous Sanditon completion in the 1970s by `` Another Lady '' is vastly superior , fleshing out very memorable characters and making you really care about Charlotte . By the end of this book , I did n't care about any of the characters as they were so frightfully dull . The climactic conclusion was more like an afterthought ; perhaps the writer -LRB- s -RRB- wanted to be done with the book as fast as I did.Avoid this debacle and track down the completion by `` Another Lady '' instead .
 As a JA lover , I was excited to receive a copy of this book , and eager to like it . Unfortunately , that was impossible , as Barrett 's continuation on Austen 's chapters is exceptionally poor work . Barrett introduces extraneous characters for no apparent reason , wastes pages outlining their motives and mental states in tedious detail , and then leaves them to accomplish nothing in particular . You know something is seriously awry with the plotting and pacing when the heroine 's relationship with the hero hardly makes an appearance until the final 2.5 pages of the book!The writing , too , is extremely disappointing , with convoluted sentence structures and seemingly random chapter closures . Worst of all , the work completely lacks Austen 's understated and sparkling wit.I strongly recommend skipping this work altogether , and reading `` Sanditon '' instead . It 's a charming and satisfying completion of the JA fragment that , unlike `` Charlotte , '' remains true to Austen 's original characters and prose style .
 I found this novel terrible and was a waste of time . I ca n't bare reading another page after chapter 11 where Austen had left it . This is by far the worst novel I 've ever read . If you want to read the completed version of Sanditon , I would suggest Sanditon by Another Lady . It 's a good novel and was well done compare to this clumsy one . This novel is not at all worth reading .
 I am a big Jane Austen 's fan , and I love to read the continuations and sequels . However , I had trouble finishing this book . The break in the writing between Austen 's original text and the addition is glaring . The style changes , the characters change , the plot leaps wildly . It 's almost like two books -- the author should n't have bothered keeping the original text . She probably would have done better rewritting it to fit her own style . I highly recommend reading the other Sanditon continuation by Anne Telscombe instead . It does a seamless job of continuing and the characters stay in character .
 I received this as a gift because I am a huge JA fan . I read it through to the end because I read all books related to JA . I can not believe this book has a rating of 3/5 stars . The plot , as continued by Barrett is absurd in the extreme , and , as others have pointed out , inconsistent and capricious . There is almost no dialogue , a distinct departure from Austen 's usual style . A smarmy , confused , verbose narrator conveys most of the `` story line . '' Adding insult to injury is the unnatural and awkward writing style . Barring a few grammatical constructions and vocabulary changes , Austen 's language is not so different from our own . Barrett would have us believe that people , in truth , fly everywhere and use the conditional every other word . Would that eager JA readers could but be warned away from this unhappy collection of words !
 While Julia Barrett touches on the language `` spoken '' in Jane Austen 's novels , it 's not expressed with any feeling or wit . The words seem to be a jumble of Austenique words placed to look good , but not sound good . After chapter 11 the book goes into a million different directions , is narrated from several characters points of view , leaves almost no room for the main characters -LRB- Charlotte Heywood -RRB- views to be expressed , her feelings to be voiced and is just plain messy.In most of Austen 's novels , you have an opportunity to see the relationship grow between the main charactor and her `` intended '' . In Charlotte , you wonder how they fell in love at all . They rarely see one another , they rarely speak and when they do , it 's mostly short and nonsensible.Then there is the plot line , or rather shall I say lines for there are several -LRB- thank you Mr. Collins -RRB- . There is the plot to save Sandition by gaining a physician , by adding a Crescent , allowing racing gentleman and their horses -LRB- and then the sub-plot to this to keep them out -RRB- and then the smuggling and bootlegging . Dear me ! How did anything get done ? I confess , I got bored and just scanned the rest of the book ! Honestly , I was disgusted.If you love Austen 's last novel and would like to see how she may have ended it , let me recommend a book far superior to Charlotte . Instead try Sandition.Sandition does tend to get a little flowery in some places . Charlotte Heywood does tend to get a little flustered and unable to speak her mind around Sidney Parker . However on the whole , it 's a much more convincing end to Austen 's last attempt . The characters actually grow . They learn . Here is an example.In Charlotte
 As I was reading this book , I could tell to the sentence exactly where Jane Austen left off and Julia Barrett began . The plot became confusing , and characters began to be inconsistent . Lady Denham , whom Charlotte finds to be very mean -LRB- stingy -RRB- suddenly decides to fund a lavish entertainment . Sidney Parker enters the scene just before the break , and it is implied that they will see more of him in just a few hours . However , somehow Charlotte does n't see him again until the aforementioned entertainment , a chapter or two later -LRB- even though she is staying with his brother -RRB- . The rest of the novel is incredibly fragmented , with whole chapters dwelling on some of the very minor characters , with practically no character development of the two protagonists , whose love story covers at most five pages . Instead the novel dwells on some very unlikely developments involving horses , gambling , and smugglers . It was a very disappointing read . _ Sanditon _ was a much more satisfying completion .
 Words can not discribe how disappointed I was with this book ! Having read and re-read all of Jane Austen 's books many times , I can say that Julia Barrett added little to no value . The work was better left un-touched .
 I have often wondered what would have become of Sandition , Jane Austen 's last work had she finished it before her untimely demise . I heard that several authors have written a completed version of the aforementioned novel . I decided to pick up Charlotte because Julia Barrett entertained me with her novel called Presumption , a Pride and Prejudice continuation starring Georgiana Darcy . Ick ! This book is bad , very bad . Talk about inconsistent ! The eleven chapters that Austen wrote of Sandition -LRB- no one is sure if this was the intended title for the novel -RRB- center on Charlotte Heywood and her impressions about the town of Sandition during her stay at the Parkers ' estate . There we meet the sort of colorful characters that have become Austen 's signature style and their attempts to turn Sandition into a touristy place that would rival Brighton and others . Austen introduced a few couples and some romantic possibilities between Charlotte and Sidney in narrative and dialogue that are witty , insightful and entertaining . Then enters Barrett 's takeover of the storyline and new characters and situations are introduced that , to be frank , have nothing to do with what Austen had in mind.This `` completion '' of Jane Austen 's unfinished effort is a disgrace . The characters ' actions are so incongruous to what Austen created in those short eleven chapters that it is offensive to even presume to let the reader think that these alterations belong in a Jane Austen classic or that they are in any way consistent to the aforementioned work . Charlotte , Lady Denham , Thomas Parker , Sidney Parker , Clara Brereton and Sir Edward Denham show no resemblance to Austen 's characterization . There was a complete overhaul once Barrett takes over . Thomas Parker is the worst alteration here , in my opinion . I could n't believe the character assassination ! The storylines are n't any better . The whole thing about the gambling and bootlegging is ridiculous ! I have no idea what Austen had intended for the rest of this novel , but I 'm sure that she would have never written something so preposterous . The writing style is rather strange . Everything seems to be fragmented and we are only shown bits and pieces of the subplots here and there . It is all very bizarre . Charlotte is so underdeveloped once Barrett takes over the writing that I 'm none the wiser about her by the time the novel ends . Ugh ! I 'd never read a more frustrating attempt at completing an unfinished effort by a beloved author . I had based my decision to read this on Barrett 's Presumption -LRB- pun intended -RRB- . The aforementioned novel was n't great , but I thought it was a fair continuation of Pride and Prejudice . This , however , is just awful . I have nothing against the author , but she should n't have touched this one . I have purchased Barrett 's The Third Sister -LRB- continuation of Sense and Sensibility -RRB- and might as well give it a whirl . I only hope that it 'll be better than this one . As for reading any more completions of Sandition , I think I 'll give the one written by `` Another Lady '' a whirl . For I have heard and read great things about that one .
 This was a dull read that I had to force myself to finish . The plot wanders aimlessly and is hard to follow . Mnay of the other continuations are better than this so I would recommend saving your money .
 I have never read anything so awful in my life . My eight year old cousin could write a better continuation of this book . The diction and use of words in the novel make confusing and difficult to read . I was more than half way through the book and could hardly continue . The plot of the story stopped where Jane Austen had stopped . Julia Barrett dwelled too long on the thoughts of other characters and avoided the main character . The writer would not get on with the story . I suggest the novel Sandition . It is far more superior than this book .
 I love all of JA 's work , and have also read many sequels/continuations with varying degrees of enjoyment . But this is by far the worst . It has nothing of JA 's style , wit , irony , insight into human nature , etc. , etc. , etc. . The people who gave this ` work ' good reviews must only have read the fragment actually written by JA or must be shills for the publisher . For more detailed comments , I recommend reading any of the many reviews which gave 1 star , which I assume they did because they did not know one could give zero , or the amazon web site wo n't allow it ; if you find this review listed with the generous rating of 1 star , then you will it is the latter .
 I found that the first half of the book enjoyable , but the second half not so . From the moment that she meets with the ` Red Indian ' troupe the story descends into the unbelievable .
 When I read this book I was only twenty years old . In general , I think that the plot line and characterizations are n't so good , but the story has a certain charm and style that resemble some old sci-fi classics of the 30 's , like Flash Gordon and The Red Purple Monster . That is the most positive point of the book ; but Anderson did other better works , like , for example , Tau Zero and Unlimited Orbit .
 After reading this board book edition and then comparing the board book to the paper edition that has been much loved , I verified that the current board book edition is incomplete . Thus , I would recommend purchasing the paperback edition as the board book edition stops short and is not fulfilling in its prose . This incomplete board book printed edition is especially irritating when reading to intelligent children who have memorized the complete story and expect that the adult regurgitate it completely .
 A few years ago , I borrowed this book -LRB- the complete version -RRB- from the library and it quickly became a favorite of my 2 sons . Being their fav , I memorized the whole rhyme and even told it to one of their preschool classes on Halloween . They both asked for the story all the time so when my daughter was born , I knew that I would soon be telling it to her also . When I found it in a board edition I thought I had struck gold ! I received my shipment today and was pleased as punch . The first thing I did was sit down with my daughter to pass down a much loved story , until I got near the end of the book and it ended before the actual story was over !!! I was so disappointed in this version and so were my sons ! Good thing I know the complete story by heart . The original , full version would get a 5 star rating from me .
 This book started off interestingly enough , but it lost me towards the end . It truly did become a push for Christianity , urging the reader to find Christ through Christianity before it 's too late . I have no problem with Christianity , but genuine New Age material generally does not push organized religion or encourage one to follow a deity - OR induce fear what-so-ever . I have no doubt the Acrturians exist , and even agree that they are helping mankind on many levels . However , the Arcturians in this material urge the reader to give their power away to a Christ and a God way up there in the sky , when really what we should all be doing is looking for the god within ourselves.There is quite a bit of doom and gloom in this material and I gained little new knowledge from it . The Arcturians in this book urge the truth seeker to raise their vibration and start working towards a 5th dimensional existence -LRB- or else be left behind in 3rd dimension -RRB- yet they offer no tools to get there - other than meditate and stop eating red meat , white flour and sugar . I did not discern that this material was of the highest vibration . If you truly want your socks blown off , read the Kryon books . Kryon offers many tools for advancement and the love just bursts off of the pages . You will find truth and enlightenment on every page , and not a single guilt or fear induced message exists in the Kryon materials . Kryon empowers the truth seeker and the gifts will come rolling in . Start with Book One - you wo n't regret it . Peace and Love .
 I was going along with most of this until the last two chapters when it becomes very similar to the Left Behind Christian rubbish . Most of the principals the ET 's present are very close to Eastern philosophies and religions . But then the last couple of chapters predicts the Second Coming of Jesus where he will collect his flock . Those not ready will have to wait another 26,000 years to be `` saved '' . One of the ETs even claims to be John the Baptist . Avoid unless you are a Left Behind fairy tale fan .
 Reading this book in comparison with many other books and material that carry the teachings from the extraterrestrial sources , this `` We the Arcturians '' is one of most deapthless and uncritical kinds . These beings apparently claim that they are from the fifth dimension of the heaven to help ascension process of the Earth , and yet as you read what they can tell us , there is scarcely anything to be told of decent siginficant spiritual message . The channels , the authors of this book , do not know how to extract more valuable information from their sources either , as they have no better idea of what to ask in the first place -LRB- the authors are interested in the costumes they wear and the spaceship they ride than anything else -RRB- . Rather , it is read like The Travels of Marco Polo for the 13th century Europeans . Definitely a tale of a new world , and it intrigues much of your curiosity , but it seldom quenches the thirst of the soul . There are excellent channeled messages out there if you seek , and some truly magnificent contactee transcripts that open your eyes to the reality of this world and how to position yourself through this age of awakening . This Arcturian book , in contrast , simply works as another pitch of New Age pseudo-spirituality of now humdrum `` love and light '' and promotion of their coming messiah . Wake up people , not all new things are food for soul . Further , we have info as well disinfo in this world . Use your discretion wisely to seek out the correct truth .
 As the mom of a 25-month-old late-talker , I have been searching high and low for information to help my child with his delayed speech . Sure , this book was entertaining ; these kids are indeed fascinating . But after reading the Einstein Syndrome , it was clear that my boy is not one of the children Sowell is describing . Overall this book left me with more questions than answers on the subject of delayed speech.If you actually want to do something to help your child , and not just read about other kids who turned out to be super-intelligent engineers , buy `` The Late Talker
 I purchased this book because I am interested in the topic of language generally . I found Sowells book to be basically a collection of anecdotal information strung together without any real conclusions drawn from his `` data . '' The sample study was incredibly small , which might explain his hesitancy to cast any general conclusions . But ideally * some * analysis could have been done .
 Beware ... the author of this book is `` trained in economics '' and is NOT a specialist in the field . The first half of the book is interesting in that tid bits of actual research data is presented , but it takes a wrong turn towards the middle of the book . For example , This is an actual quote from the book '' Some professionals , and especially semi-professionals like social workers and school personnel , have airs of `` experise '' and an arsenol of jargon and dogmas ... '' Sounds like the author is describing himself.The author also shys away from early intervention ... I am totally clueless . Do n't waste your money or time . Buy something written by an MD or SLP.f you actually want to do something to help your child , buy `` The Late Talker
 This author is dangerous to the general public . Yes , we all know of the many `` Einstein '' type children that did n't talk until after typical ages . But as an early intervention specialist that deals with parents on a daily basis , many who are not ready to deal with their child 's diagnosis or accept that a delay is present , this is just allowing them to further refute the fact that their child may need intervention . What child has actually ever `` suffered '' from receiving speech/language therapy ???? My own son had an articulation disorder -LRB- which was obvious -RRB- & during the evaluation , did not answer questions , therefore scored as a child with a severe language delay . I did n't believe this was the case as I was a special ed teacher , trained to determine expressive language delays & based on all the available data -LRB- Kindergarten teacher interview , standardized assessment score from K , the initial SLP that worked with him throughout K , psychologist who attempted to assess a VAD , etc. . . I knew he probably did n't have a language disorder . . To be sure however , I let him receive language therapy ... 6 months after he was in the program , his test scores jumped to age equivalency . Did he suffer from this , NO , however he did benefit from learning to trust others to ANSWER questions in testing situations & not worry about being wrong .
 First of all , I am quite offended by this author . I am a licensed speech-language pathologist with 30 years of experience in the public school system . I am currently working as a special education coordinator in -LRB- heaven forbid -RRB- a public school system . I read about children and their issues/concerns/characteristics continuously . This book was recommended by a parent and I was very excited to read it . I was not prepared for the assault on speech-language pathologists and others in the public schools of America . I truly wish the author would do a more thorough investigation of our credentials and our job performances . We are not in the business of `` creating business '' . Believe me , we have plenty to keep us busy . We are , however , very dedicated to children and their needs ... whether that involves `` Einstein type children '' , Asperger 's , Autistic , Hyperlexic , Attention Deficit Disordered , Gifted or any of the multitude of diagnoses .
 As the father of a bright , but late talking three year old boy , I read this book with interest . There is of course much here to give hope to the worried parent of such a child.My fear is that for some people this will be all they need to adopt a ` wait and see ' policy . The boundries of high functioning autism and eccentric personality are not well defined , particularly in the young child . I have come to believe it is much wiser to address speech delay and it 's commonly associated behaviours aggressively . If all turns out well by the age of five , so much the better . If however your child does in fact lie somewhere on the autistic spectrum then you will have let him or her down by doing nothing at this early stage.Lastly , my personal experience of speech therapists and other professionals working with late talking children is quite contrary to what Mr Sowell writes . Most are seemingly inundated with work and often it is left to the parents to push for the services their kids are entitled to .
 `` Everything ... is going to be ... all right . '' -LRB- Words of comfort spoken by the ridiculous `` Affirmation Doll '' showcased on the television show `` American Inventor '' -RRB- This book tells scared people what they want to hear . Unfortunately , pretty words do n't change reality for kids with developmental disorders . I despise this book because of how much harm it can cause ! Ignoring a gash in your leg wo n't make it go away , but may lead to an infection . Denying your child 's issues is just as unhealthy , and can cause life-long difficulties.This book encourages you to compare your child and your family to an Einstein profile , and if the match is there , just relax and wait for your child to grow up and learn on her own . For some children this course of action could cause them irreparable developmental damage.My son is 31/2 years old and still can not speak more than the first letter of a word -LRB- `` puh '' for please is about as close to a word as he can do right now -RRB- . He fits the profile for an Einstein Syndrome kid , as does our family . I am an engineer with a math minor who plays the piano and guitar ; my wife has a college degree in music , although she considered majoring in physics . Once you consider our extended families , it 's hard to find a family that fits the profile better than ours.Yet I 'm convinced that our son would not have made much of his recent progress if he had not received the attention of the therapists this book tells us to avoid . Our son has benefited greatly from the early intervention services he has received from caring , knowledgeable professionals . If I followed the advice of this book my son would be worse off than he is today , and would be even less likely to one day live a `` normal '' life.We have witnessed none of the drawbacks of having our son `` labeled '' with a diagnosis . His diagnosis has never caused anyone to treat him with any less consideration than they would under other circumstances . On the other hand , his diagnosis has opened doors to resources that would not have been available otherwise.If you avoid going to the dentist because you fear he 'll say you have a cavity , you might enjoy this book . If you think you can turn junk food into a gourmet meal by giving it a fancy name , this book is for you . If , on the other hand , you tend to face reality and to seek help where help is needed , then this book will be of no more use to you than an Affirmation Doll would be .
 I would have to echo the other 1 star reviewers who suggest that concerned parents of children with language delays order something more useful in working with their children -LRB- such as the Baby Babble DVDs or the Let 's Talk Together Book : Home Activities by the same SLPs -RRB- . This book seems more an homage to the author 's late-talking son , who clearly was too busy formulating a solution to the Middle East crisis to speak to his parents . It is merely a collection of anecdotes of bright people who tended to speak later than other children.If you 're looking for `` help , '' this is n't it . If you want to stick your head in the sand and do nothing , this is the book for you .
 When you have a kid on the autism spectrum that is n't talking/developing appropriately , sometimes things work out OK on their own . That 's pretty much a summary of this book 's contents.However , all too often , they do not work out on their own , and any parent that buys this book because their child is n't talking/developing appropriately , and decides to do nothing or delay testing and treatment , is making a regrettable mistake.True , some kids talk late and turn out fine . But all too many do n't , and even children that are `` on the borderline '' can fall far , far behind unless Parents make an effort to address the situation.Early intervention is key in helping kids on the Autism spectrum . If you 're worried about your child , go ahead and purchase this book , but look at OTHER books on the matter , and think carefully about what you need to do to ensure your child 's needs are fully met .
 Thomas Sowell is an economist . He writes excellently about politics . But he needs to butt out of a field in which he has no expertise , especially when his conclusions are so profoundly irresponsible.Thomas Sowell 's own child had language delays . It 's as if he is protesting too much -- he wrote a whole book so the whole world would know his child was perfect , after all . Then there are a whole bunch of incomplete andecdotal reports of other bright children who talked late , and why . The reader has no additional information about these children 's level of functioning in other domains . How do they socially ? How do they function in school ? How is their executive functioning ? Are we sure they really talked late ? Are their pediatrician 's reports ? He does not even define what he means by `` talking '' ? For the purposes of his book , he should define talking in order to be able to demonstrate what it means when these children `` talk late . '' After all , `` mutism '' is an actual disorder . Is he saying they never uttered a sentence ? Never gestured ? Never pointed ? Or did these children really go years and years without uttering a syllable ? When did anyone notice that this was an issue , contemporaenously or in retrospect ? It would be useful to view the comments and concerns of their pediatricians.Throughout the book , Sowell talks about Labelling , as if Labelling were an evil to be avoided . But what is so mystifying is that speech therapy is painless . Its effectiveness is well-established . Labelling will not keep the kid out of the CIA in 25 years . What is Sowell advocating ? A child who ca n't tell you what he wants gets infuriated and frustrated , demoralized and unhappy . That 's why the child should get speech therapy . And Sowell is selfish for gambling on his child 's neurological future to -- let 's face it -- save his pride.For babies , it matters less . They 're tired , lonely , scared , hungry , wet , cold , hot or something hurts . Almost all of it can be remedied by feeding , changing , cuddling and soothing , unless it 's a medical problem . In contrast , toddlers , they have more complicated needs . They do n't want grape juice , they want milk . They do n't want their noodles touching the sauce . They want the purple truck . It 's his turn to play on the slide . The TV is too loud . He wants to watch Teletubbies , not Mr. Rogers . It is only fair that a toddler be able to engage in age-approriate verbal communication for that reason . There is no defensible reason to prevent a toddler with a communication problem from getting help in being able to communicate.I would also note that with very specifically-delimited exceptions , none of which seem to be encompassed by this book , there are very few happy loners . Some kids give up because their social skills are bad , but most people are social animals -- whether they enjoy the company of one or two trusted people or they are total social butterflies . A child should be taught social skills at an early age so that he can make the choice on his own terms , not because his social skills are so poor that society makes those choices for him . That renders a child miserable and powerless and , by the time he is in middle school , a target for bullying.And anyone who has witnessed children of any intellectual level who are frustrated because they ca n't get their basic needs met -- due to a lack of ability to communicate them -- would understand that this is a matter of compassion , not dogma.Meanwhile , the authors offer no justification of any kind for their position that these children should be denied help .
 i could n't get past page 3 of this book . it 's bad . do n't waste your money on this one .
 This is not a good book ; if you want real mystery , read P.D. James , Conan Doyle or a host of others.Robinson 's character is gimmicky ; the plot is gimmicky ; his writing style is gimmicky.If you have insomnia , however , this would be a good book to purchase.Also , comparing Robinson to Grisham is like comparing a painter of Elvis Presley velvets to Leonardo Da Vinci . Robinson 's not a real writer , let alone an artist .
 90 pages short . Not much bigger than a paperback . Covers epee , foil , and sabre , so about 30 pages for your type of fencing . Technically accurate but not worth the money for such a short tomb .
 How to Go To College Almost for Free is a self absored autobiogrpahy of a young man with great grades , great writing skills , parents that supported his goals and a timeline of how he made $ 90,000 through his application for scholarships that he won through essays and contest . Hooray for him.But those wanting a career in the arts will find this book worthless . He has the nerve to tell the artist how they need to get involved in more activities so they wo n't seem so one-sided in just their talent . What Benjamin R. Kaplan needs to realize is that those wanting to be a professional in Musical Theater , Theater , Dance , Art or anyother artistic endevour needs to practice and focus on their craft because this is what they will be auditioning with to receive their acceptance into the school of their choice and their financial aid packet with grants and scholarships.They are not going to receive a merit scholarship unless they have talent.It 's true , the artist may not have time to write essays and do the things Benjamin R. Kaplan did , but that 's okay . The Artist will find a way to go to college through a different avenue.Also they give you two e-mail address if you have questions and tried them both and nver did receive a reply . Bottom line is this book is no different then anyother scholarship information book . Stay away from it , especially if your an artist .
 I bought this book along withDebt-Free U
 I do n't recommend this book because it really just tells you what you already might know
 This book is ok for the clueless , but if you 've already applied for scholarships and in the minority group , then this book does not help much . Once in the website , all links are to buy Kaplan 's products . Navigating his website is a practice exercise all by itself to find a decent link , you have to weave through all the non-applicable stuff to get anything decent . By then , you 're just frustrated at the wasted time . The book gives a lot of promises , but afterwards , you 'll see he only skimmed the surface just like any other book .
 Take this book out at your local library . They have you sign up online with promises of more scholarships and valuable information but all they do is send you annoying emails .
 This is a book full of words that mean absolutely nothing . I was looking for scholarships , etc. for my son and step-son and in this book , neither of them were eligible for anything . A complete waste of money !
 TAKE A LOOK AT THE 5 STAR REVIEWS . MOST OF THEM ARE WRITTEN BY `` A CUSTOMER '' . SHADY !! CLEARLY WRITTEN BY THE AUTHOR TO BOOST SALES . COME ON MAN !! WHY NOT ACTUALLY WRITE A GOOD AND USEFUL BOOK INSTEAD ?
 I thought the concepts were great , and obviously they worked for the author and his family . But seemed he was a single child , with parents that were 100 % dedicated to this effort . I have more than one kid , they are all active in sports and activities , and my wife and I do n't have the `` time requirements '' to pull this off . Plus he was apparently an exceptional kid , who engaged in entrepreneurial type activities at an early age , to include his full time scholarship hunting business . My kid does not fit that profile at all . So I was left with what seemed like commitment 7 days a week , 2-4 hours a day . I would be lucky if I could contribute 1 hour a day with my schedule . Plus , for all that effort , there HAS TO BE a point of diminishing returns ... he does not address that but assumes there is no such point . Hunt hunt hunt , research research research , write write write ... no end to the strategy . I have met some folks who simply applied to a small set of schools , filled out the financial aid forms , and got their aid , and have met many who did twice the work , and got the same amount of aid -LRB- or nothing close to the return advertised -LSB- hyped -RSB- in this book -RRB- .
 This book has some good information but you have to wade through the fat to get at it . It may be written mainly for aspiring college students , but I feel it is not complete enough or deep enough for parents . There are many other better books out there on the subject -LRB- notably Fiancial Aid for Dummies and Discounts and Deals at the Nations best 360 colleges -RRB- .
 I 've been paging thru this book and it is doing very little to engage me . I do n't know who they paid to write all these glowing reports but it 's your basic dull college help book with terrible cartoons . Most of the information can be found on the web .
 This book is so bad , it 's good . It 's like the novelization of a Dickens movie . However , it 's uplifting -LRB- especially for starving students like me -RRB- , easy to read , and a still-contemporary reflection of capitalism and the American dream .
 I only read the first like ten pages . It was super boring so I stopped . Glad I borrowed it from the library .
 This book rates umong the worst books I have ever read . Wolfe goes into unnecessary details about everyone mentioned in the book . As a reader , I do not like to waste my time reading the life history of a person who has no impact on the story . I found myself wanting to just skip over these parts instead of reading them . They seem to be completely irrelevant to the story . The book would be better if it followed the life of the main character instead of characters who mean nothing . Overall , there are about 100 pages of good reading , while the other 600 + are a waste of time .
 This Kindle version is loaded with distracting typos , on every page . Not worth the price .
 I guess it makes one feel intellectually in touch if he can praise this book . I guess I will never make it to that level , because I think this is one terrible book . I read approximately 100 pages on the traits of Fox Edwards , therefore , I was a little upset when I found out it was for no reason . I read with interest the last few pages where I found out that Wolfe 's editor had to piece together several parts of this book , and then he had to write many pages in order to tie this mess together . All of this occured after Wolfe 's death . I believe this is a collection of ramblings from Thomas Wolfe . I am sure that I can be attacked verbally for not understanding the meaning of this great work , but if it was truly a great work , I would not have missed its significance . Please , play with the kids , walk around the block , start drinking , but do n't waste your time on this book .
 Every sentence is over-written . Seems to have been written to please the author and `` literary '' critics , but not the reader .
 Do n't waste your time with this nonsense . I slogged my way through this novel a year or so ago , hoping there was something of value here . There was not . It is boring beyond what mere words can ever say . I 'd rather cut my lawn with a pair of scissors than read this book . It would take less time and be more enjoyable .
 Does anyone have the guts to evaluate honestly ???? This book is pathetic , 100 page tangents with absolutely no relevancy litter this book . It is dull writing and so unfocused that the only reason to continue reading it is that it is a `` classic '' . Well classics usually receive the title for a reason , but mistakes abound ... I realize we all have different opinions , mine is that the only reason one would claim to like this book is that they are ` cultured ' ... i have no specific comments to make because this novel has no redeeming thing about it -LRB- and because I read it 5 years ago and no way in hell am i going to go through that again just to give a fair review -RRB- . By all means , read this ` classic ' and then read any hemingway you can find ... and then think for yourself -LRB- or do n't , I guess i do n't really care -RRB-
 This was one of the worst books that i have ever read . do n't bother reading it . It was so slow , and so hard to get through . Also the `` plot '' just moved off on tangents ...
 Without a doubt Thomas Wolfe is the worst ... I tried reading this book many years ago ... it was awful and dull and boring beyond description ... anyone who recomends this book must be a dullard.c
 Without a doubt Thomas Wolfe is the worst ... I tried reading this book many years ago ... it was awful and dull and boring beyond description ... anyone who recomends this book must be a dullard.c
 Wolfe is an extraneous writer . He wants to tell us about everything from the protoganist 's deceased dog , buried three summers ago , to the aunt who died when he was a child . Each comes with a complete history . While some of these tangents of Wolfe 's can be fascinating , most of the time it just slows the peice up and makes us want to move onto something faster , something with a better pace . With all this color , all these descriptions of extraneous subject matter , I think we as readers become blinded to the writing 's main intentention . This ca n't be truer in the case of his classic , `` You Ca n't Go Home Again . ''
 June 10 , 2002The first problem with Barbara Leaming 's biographyof Orson Welles is that it principally relies onthe absolute worst source imaginable
 Sifting through hundreds of hours of personal interviews with the enigmatic Orson Welles in the years before his death , Barbara Leaming presents an uneven and obsequious biography . She is entirely dependent on her interviews of Welles for the bulk of her work and seems to have spent little time in developing differing views on Welles . Perhaps Welles , who always wanted to dominate his surroundings , found Miss Leaming compliant and ready to write the biography Welles desired.The author succeeds best in painting a picture of the rise of Orson Welles . His mother , Beatrice , not only introduced young Welles to Chicago 's artsy society , but to her friend Da Da Bernstein , who considered Welles to be a prodigy at an early age . Bernstein was Welles ' first mentor . As a teen , Welles was sent to the artsy Todd School and acquired another mentor , the drama teacher Roger `` Skipper '' Hill . Soon , Welles ' career on stage rocketed and he landed on Broadway at 18 acting and producing . He was a wonder . On top of this , his powerful , distinctive voice landed him on radio , where he made his money , leading to the radio caper of `` The War of the Worlds '' . Hollywood called and `` Citizen Kane '' and `` The Magnificent Ambersons '' soon followed.But Welles ' career stumbled afterwards . Very few of his movies made money . His directorships of movies were erratic and his relationships with the studio bosses were desultory . Thus , Welles became a vagabond director and actor and often had to use his acting salary to supplement production costs of HIS movies . Always scambling for production money , what he did produce after World War Two were generally fly-by-night , patchwork movies , most of which were unmarketable . His career had peaked by his mid-twenties . By the end of his life , he was reduced to audio voiceovers and a three year stint endorsing Paul Masson wines of which he was fired for his arrogant meddling in the production of the spots . Welles always had to be in charge and bridled when under the authority of others.Miss Leaming leaves out details of Welles ' career that he seems not to have wanted to discuss with her . For instance , Welles ' acting in `` Jane Eyre '' , `` The Third Man '' and `` The Long , Hot Summer '' receive less space in this book than Welles ' poodle , KiKi . To a very annoying degree , the author interjects herself often in this book and in great depth . This biography is a case of a self-absorbed woman writing about a man who is even more self-absorbed .
 This book is an art book , like the kind you can buy at art galleries . It reviews the inspiration the kimono had to modern American art . I wasted $ 50 canadian on this book because I thought it would be an invaluable reference for Kimono making . It 's not . If you 're an art teacher or student who is absolutely IN NEED of an art book on kimono art , then by all means purchase this book . If you are n't , then do n't .
 This book takes the beauty of the traditional kimono and turns it into an abomination as `` art to wear '' . The kimono already IS art to wear . It does n't need to be dragged down by modernization.But that is not my only problem with this book . In the history section , written by Toshiki Wada , the editing is so bad that spelling mistakes are made and repeated . Also , Miss Wada needs to pick up a history book sometime very soon . Her grasp on the history of Japanese clothing is tenuous at best and the more bad history sections she writes -LRB- like this one and the one in `` Shibori '' -RRB- , the more misinformation she disseminates to the English-speaking public.Ignore any historical information on the kimono written or `` edited '' by Wada . Go out and buy Dalby instead .
 Something to pass the time if there 's nothing else around to read , otherwise ... dear Mr. Parker , please go back to being yourself . Sunny Randall is a bore .
 The only thing I 'm happy about is that I got this book from the library and did n't pay for it . It was the worst book I 've ever read . I finished it because I could n't believe it was as boring and shallow as it was and thought , hoped it might change . Some men can write from a woman 's point of view , but this author can not or did not in this book . I feel he wrote it while watching a crime drama on TV . Nothing new , interesting . The dialogue was the most trivial and boring I 've ever read in a book . The characters were flat , shallow and full of the Boston cynicism that is reason I left Boston . All the softness , love and caring was focussed on the dog . People are afraid to show themselves . I would n't want to meet any of the characters or the author !
 I did ` nt have great expectations for this book-after all Robert Parker as a writer has been coasting for years . His Spencer novels , while sometimes enjoyable , are so formulaic and predictable that they represent nothing more than the author 's laziness and dearth of ideas . So , even though my expections were low , I was still amazed at the shoddiness of this book . It reads like it 's nothing more than a obvious attempt to cash in on the female slueth segment of the market . All the parts are there ; the character traits and habits that are supposed to make the heroine a unique and interesting person , the 1st person dialogue , the flip comments , the terse dialogue . Parker has done it before and with more style and craft . It is also rather insulting -LRB- and a sign of the author 's lack of imagination -RRB- to realize that the major elements of the plot have been lifted from one of Parker 's earlier Spenser novels -LRB- longtime fans will recognize it immediately -RRB- . I 've read Robert Parker since the early 1980 's and I miss the wit and drive of his earlier books . The last several years seem to be ones of repitition and sameness with the only motivation being monetary . I frankly wish Parker would retire from writing genre fiction and not further sully the earlier better work he has done .
 I 'm sorry , but this is the worst Robert B. Parker novel I have ever read ! I am sorry that I spent the money on the paperback . I loved the Spenser novels , I even loved Night Passage with Jesse Stone , but this book was pedestrian , right from the start . The dialogue was so predictable , I could practically guess what Sunny was going to say . The characters were underdeveloped with no real depth . There was no thrill or excitement at the end of the book , like in the rest of Mr. Parker 's novels . All I know is that I will be getting the next book he writes from the library !
 It seems to me that all Parker did was give Spenser a sex change operation and name him/her Sonny . Save your money . The best thing about this book is the dog , Rosie , at least she 's the one that Parker talks about the most . Give me Spenser , anyday .
 I have read all of Parker 's Spenser and Jesse Stone novels - I am a big fan . With reluctance I picked up Parker 's first Sunny Randel novel . On the plus side I can see Helen Hunt playing Sunny in the movie , on the down side I fear the movie will stink as much as the book.After reading `` Family Honor '' I asked myself is Parker biting off more than he can chew ? The book was poorly researched , and appears to be quickly written . The characters were one-dimensional and in many respects unlikeable.Nevertheless , if you are a Parker fan this will probably be a must read , hopefully this will be his last Sunny Randel novel .
 I have read every Spencer book written by Parker and both Jessie Stone books . I enjoyed them all , some more than others but as a whole I like all of them . I even keep them and read some more than once , which is rare for me . Now comes Sunny Randall . It is the worst thing I have read that Parker wrote . All about a privite eye who finds a fifteen year old for her parents and then decides to not take her home until she can find out why she ran away . Sunny uses her ex-husbands mob family to get her into places and to see people she can not do by her self . Spike is the answer to Spencers Hawk , I guess . I had to force my self to finish the book . I understand there is another Sunny Randall out in Hardback , guess who WO N'T be buying it . I know Robert Parker could care less what I think if this book , but , I wish he would stick to the Spencer books which he does so well . This is about the same as Spencer and Paul in Thin Air . The names have changed but not much else .
 Parker 's dedication was , I concentrated on you Joan . He should concentrate on his writing . The computer enables fast editing and that is all he does . Sunny and Spenser are the same , just cross dressing the characters . Of course the gay guy is Hawk in a nice suit , and all the bad guys are the same . I bought the paperback for a flight home and was wishing for the plane to crash before I choked down another boring , boring page of the same old Parker has been doing for the past twenty years . What is worse are all the glowing reviews from the paid of reviewers .
 The main character was insufferable . Parker has tried to create a male Spencer but fails miserably . She appears to be without fault and has an answer for everything . At least Spencer admits to feet of clay . The plot was implausible .
 Like a great many people , I 've been a Spenser fan for some years , now . And , I suspect , also like a great many people I have quietly been mourning the gradual decline in the quality of those novels . With very few exceptions , long term series do tend to fade after a while -LRB- think Cornwell , Grafton , perhaps even Bujold -RRB- and to do him credit , Parker has taken longer to fade than many others . But fade he has , so when Jesse Stone appeared on the scene I was pleased . I like Jesse . I look forward to his next adventure.Now we have Sunny Randall . Upon starting Family Honor , and realising that this was set in Boston , my first thought was ` cool ! I hope she runs into Spenser ! ' . But having finished it , I 'm thinking ` if she runs into Spenser , it 'll be like sitting a character down in front a mirror and having it talk to itself . ' I am surprised and disappointed by this book . It is pretty much nothing short of Spenser in drag , and I truly expected a great deal more from Parker . Dammit , he should know better ! I am not stupid , I am not blind , and if he thinks I , and all his other readers , are n't going to notice the transparency of his setting , lead and support characters and plot then he is very foolish indeed.The similarities are , indeed , so obvious that for me they got in the way of the story . I was too busy having my intelligence insulted to really enjoy it , initially . But then that wore off . I did keep reading.Parker is an excellent writer , technically . No quibbles there . And if I had never read a Spenser novel , I suspect I would have found this a truly good read . As things stand , it was deju vu all over again.My other main concern is with the actual characterisation of Sunny . If she were a man , I 'd have no problem . But she 's not a man ... physically . Intellecutally and psychologically , however , to me she does feel like a man . It takes something more than wearing a bra to make a woman , and whatever that something is , Sunny does n't have it.I will be very interested to see what happens when Helen Hunt takes on the role . She is a long way from being my favourite actress , but perhaps she 'll be able to imbue Sunny with that spark of ` feminine ' something the character lacks on the page .
 Let 's face it , folks , Sunny Randall is just a female Spenser , and this book is just another Spenser book with the names changed.Same characters , same dialogue , same PLOT , for God 's sake ! If I did n't know better , I 'd swear that this was a cynical attempt on Robert B. Parker 's part to cash in on the current popularity of female sleuth novels.Hey , and just so you know where I 'm coming from , I 've read and enjoyed every Spenser novel from The Godwulf Manuscript on . AND I think that Parker has shown that he CAN write something other than Spenser books by creating the Jesse Stone series , which is markedly different , although just as satisfying , as the Spenser series.Just my two cents .
 When you know from the outset that a writer wrote a book solely for the film rights , and wrote the main character for a particular actor , you can prepare yourself for what 's coming . Such is the case with Family Honor , which was written for Helen Hunt . -LRB- It 's already , of course , been optioned . -RRB- Parker is , of course , best known for the Spenser novels , but when he chooses to get away from them , more often than not his main character is a recognizably different person than Spenser is . Sure , Spenser and , say , Jesse Stone share a few characteristics , but you can tell they 're different people . However , the main wisecracking detective in Family Honor might as well be named Sunny Spenser . The differences between the two -LRB- aside from the obvious -RRB- are negligible . Face it , this is a Spenser novel in drag . And as far as Spenser novels go , it 's a pretty good one . Problem is , it 's the attempt to change the character that grates on my nerves . Hopefully , now that Ms. Hunt has her film role , Parker will dump this line and get back to Spenser and Stone . ** 1/2
 Yeah , same wisecracking dialogue , sidekicks , and relationship quandaries as the Spenser novels.Realized the plot was familiar a few chapters in -- lifted from previous early Spencer novel.Characterizations inconsistent and contrived if not absurd -- a lot of villainous stereotypes -- and the plot point that the whole story is based on is ludicrous.There are much better written `` guilty pleasures '' than this one -- some by the same author .
 Really , this is Parker 's male persona stuffed into a petite female form . It was like reading Spenser as a weird female impersonator . This may have been my own limitation as a reader , after enjoying so many `` Spenser '' novels -- but it was frankly unsettling and unsavory . Yuck .
 I was disappointed in Family Honor . Yes it reads like a Spenser novel , is kind of a fun read if you 're a Spenser fan -LRB- which I am -RRB- , but here Parker takes out his Spencer cookie cutter and plops out a rather uninspired story . Nothing new here . If you like Parker -- his best novel is Love and Glory , which is n't a Spenser novel , but an excellent story .
 You have to kind of respect the size of the cojones on Robert Parker to put out this book . Not only is the main character Spenser with breasts , but she has her own tough-guy sidekick like Spenser , her own cute dog like Spenser , and the relationship with her boyfriend ends up exactly like Spencer 's and Susan 's . What makes Parker the winner of the chutzpah award is the fact that the PLOT of the book is the same as the Spenser novel `` Early Autumn '' ! I give this 2 stars because if you 've never read any Spenser books it 's a pretty decent read , but if you 're a fan of the series , this is just Spenser rehashed .
 Robert B. Parker writes captivating , exciting prose . Unfortunately , he has already written this one . This book is a rehash of `` Early Automn '' , with chunks of `` Ceremony '' thrown in . Do n't waste your money .
 Seems like i 've read this story before in a Spenser novel . Disguising the detective as a woman did n't fool me , and I do n't think it 'll fool many others . And Sunny was completely unbelievable . Although , RB Parker did manage to make her into a male fantasy
 I had the pleasure of meeting Robert B. Parker recently at a book signing in Vero Beach , Florida . He was very entertaining , witty and seemingly intelligent . I bought his new book with anticipation of getting acquainted with a new author because of the many favorable comments I had heard about Mr. Parker . I found `` Family Honor '' to be a very shallow novel of poorly defined characters with limited literary qualities . Perhaps my timing for getting acquainted with Mr. Parker was poor , because I had just finished `` Pillars of the Earth '' by Ken Follett . Comparing the qualities of the two books is impossible . I read for enjoyment as well as improving my mind . I found Family Honor to be a quick read of short paragraphs and much dialogue . The story is transparent and has no surprises . In summary , I found this novel to be a waste of time and hardly worth the effort . Mr. Parker is much more entertaining in person , and perhaps he should consider a career change and become a comedian .
 The `` AUTUMN '' series is pretty strong overall , until this addendum . The series as a whole is not terribly original -LRB- see `` Omega Man , '' etc. . . -RRB- but the prose is excellent , and it is written in an absorbing , page-turning style , even if there is little original in its plot . This flashback addendum though is a big mistake , seemingly something added to milk the series . It focuses more on characters and attempts to shed light on them . But let 's face it -- what made the trilogy work was not characters but the page-turning suspense of `` what happens next . '' Here , we already know what happens next . Plus , the stories are , for the most part , not terribly interesting in and of themselves . I would underscore that many of the stories are simply tedious , and thin . They shed little evidence on character , add nothing new . They are simply rehashes of what we saw enough times in the trilogy . Even the one or two individual stories that generate some interest are obviously out of place in the timeline . There is no suspense . It just seems pointless .
 With thousands of related terms , this is very limited . Every time I 've picked up the book to look up a term , it was n't available . This is a waste !
 This edition is not the complete text . It is only Volume 1 of 2 volumes , and only covers through the feeding of the 5000 .
 The author , Stephen Van Dulken , has republished without reference or acknowledgment or prior approval of our substantial research regarding the origins and history of tiddlywinks performed in many prior years by me and Fred Shapiro . He has used our research without any reference or attribution . Our research has been published , with copyrights , on tiddlywinks.org since 1997 , and in printed materials before then , also copyrighted , Steve Van Dulken has inappropriately used our copyrighted research in this book without approval or attribution . His use of these materials in this book is not approved or accepted and is in violation of our copyrighted materials .
 I will give it 2 stars because the characters were likeable ; however , the plot never did catch my interest . Also , there were several sub-plots that were thrown in that made it confusing.What was the deal with Catriona 's uncle and his mysterious assistant ? This was some other story entirely . Does the author intend a sequel ? Also , Catriona 's brother had some serious problems including a missing child who was later found . Again , this was another story . Even if there is a sequel that might explain , I am not interested enough to read them . Sorry .
 The hero is quite nice , but the heroine is a bit too odd sometimes . The repartee between them is good and there are steamy love scenes . But the secondary characters are weak or unintentionally creepy and the `` magic '' is silly , dragging the story down.A very mixed bag . If I 'd read it more recently , I might actually lower the rating .
 ... This series , which runs well over 2000 pages , could havebeen edited into 600 pages and been an OK read.These books are among the most painfully repetitive you 'll ever read - for several reasons . First you can actually start the series anywhere , at any chapter , and within two chapters have the entire backstory - he repeats what 's happened so frequently . Then within one 100 page spread late in the series , I counted 12 different times characters , when having an alcoholic beverage , commented a -RRB- on its poor quality -LRB- i.e. `` this is what passes for beer these days '' -RRB- and b -RRB- it 's better to have this than nothing . ... Finally , the author has this annoying habit of unnecessarly explaining what a character really means when they 've said something - and often in excrutiating detail . ... The biggest disappointment
 I have purchased this book in paperback and loved it , liked it so much I wanted it on my kindle as well , so much that I was willing to pay the price set by the publisher . The publishers claim that just as much expense goes into converting these books into eformat as it does to print them . Well ... I find this hard to believe since I am finding so many spelling errors in the ebook format . Looking at the errors I am finding they are simple OCR errors , so they have paid some intern , or got the intern for free , and had him scan the books in . Did anyone check for errors , no way could they have , im only 120 pages in and already I have found 38 errors . So the next time you hear the publisher cry that they want more money for ebooks , cite this one as an example . Sad really because this is an excellent book , but just screwed up by the publisher.If i was the arthur I would not be happy with the results .
 I recently purchased this book for my Kindle , and I must say that I 've been disappointed with it.The book it 's self is about what you would expect from a book of it 's type . An interesting read , but nothing that would change the genre . The plot details an alien invasion that takes place in WWII . It 's not the curb stomp you 'd expect though , as the aliens have been living in a peaceful society and have no notion on how to fight a proper war.While most of the characters are interesting to read , I do wish there were a bit less POV characters . You never really spend enough time in this book with any one character to really connect with most of them . Although , since the author is trying to tell a story on a global scale , it 's a bit understandable.What really let 's this book down though is the EBook version . It 's evident that after they scanned the book , they only did very cursory editing , if they did any editing at all . The book is filled with random punctuation . An extra comma or period there ... A missing comma or period there ... There were also at least a couple of times where the scanner evidently had problems with the small case `` r , '' leading to cases of someone saying `` sit '' instead of `` sir . '' There was also at least one case of `` Whatevet . '' These distractions constantly forced me out of the book to try to make sense of certain sentences . It was like I was reading a pirated copy , only instead I actually paid money for it and bought it off Amazon.That said , I did enjoy the book enough to purchase the sequel , and it does n't seem to have nearly as many errors .
 The first Turtledove book I read was ` Guns of the South ' which is a single volume story . It was entertaining with a decent finale.IMHO , Turtledove wrote each of the four ` World At War ' volumes for the sole intent of sucking the reader into buying the next volume.Then , at the end of volume IV , there 's no conclusive ending with the sole purpose of sucking the reader into buying the next SERIES.What a waste of my time and money .
 Harry Turtledove is not a rocket scientist , nor an expert in weapons , tactics and explosives . He is no diplomat , no tank commander , no fighter pilot and certainly not a horseman.Upon reading his worldwar series I was left well-educated , but only in the fine art of ... . baby-burping .
 I was never more disappointed in any book I read . The story went directly from the eve of invasion by the aliens to `` Oh , my , they 're here ! '' with no explination no how they got here . The book was also more concerned with the characters sex life . They spendt 90 % of their time having sex , with the aliens forcing their captives to have sex , because they did n't reproduce sexually and were doing ` research ' . Even earth people who were n't in captivity seemed to spend most of their time having sex . I will never read any by Mr. Turtledove again .
 This is the first and the last book of Harry Turtledove that I wil read ... awful ... stupid ... not at all what I expected in the least ... not good at all ... very dissapointing ... : -LRB-
 The concept for this series is great , but it 's done really badly , without going into details all the main characters are Jews who can do no wrong and everyone else is a belligerent fool , I was looking forward to a good military sci-fi and instead got what reads like political propaganda .
 NO one even says IF this series ties in with the Alternate world in which HIS Civil War , Great War and American Empire series do . . THAT is what I am MOST curious about ... It would be helpful to MANY fans that have JUST begun reading Turtledove ...
 Turtledove 's book reminds me of Vernor Vinge ` sA Deepness in the Sky , but in a bad way
 This book is overrated by a longshot . If I did n't know any better I could swear that this book was n't even edited ! Turtledove has 50 things going on at once ! There are too many characters and too little continuity . I would recommend this book to anyone who has insomnia .
 Though many other reviewers like Mr. Turtledove 's work , I have soldiered my way through this entire series and I still do n't get it . The historical characters are at best two dimesional . The fictional ones are even worse , more often than not b-movie rejects sent from central casting . Even the scifi , like the aliens , are tired rehashing of older versions of the ancient and slowly evolving civilization over whelmed by human ingenuity.Please , give me a break .
 I aggree with the Kirkus review above . `` Intriguing and panoramic but circuitous and uncompelling , and lacking even a token ending ... . a meandering journey of unspecified duration . `` UNCOMPELLING being the key word here . The aliens being Lizards just did n't do for me either . Ruined it . It was a great idea but the lizards blew it.The story
 Having read the last three books -LRB- could n't find the first -RRB- I kept expecting it to get better . It did n't . It was an excelent idea but are all Germans really evil ? Are all English and Americans really good ? There were so many subplots it was hard to keep track of what was going on . Each subplot was mentioned in each chapter and many had nothing to do with the main plot . Made you wonder why they were written other that to just fill paper.Turtledove missed a good opportunity here to write a classic science fiction novel . He would have been better off to mention his idea to someone else and let them write a 600 page novel than meander through 2400 pages himself.Yup , still read three of the four books and he is spending the royalies he made off me !
 The book is not bad , but the Kindle version is full of typos , about one per screenful . I 'm guessing the book was OCRd badly . The result is hard to read .
 A lesson you should learn from this book
 I ca n't understand why anyone would give this book five stars . Three stars - sure - four - maybe . But five ? Come on . From my perspective , this book was pretty boring and unoriginal . The `` Lizards '' are supposed to be so different but their society seems more Japanese than extra-terrestrial . They are also kinder than most human invaders . I find that implausible . Also , is anyone else tired of the `` You humans are the most original , innovative race in the galaxy '' spiel ? I 'd like to read a book where humans are nothing special . I also did not appreciate the gratuitous sex scenes . Ick .
 The friend who loaned me this book had this to say : `` Harry tries to stuff 55 pounds of -LRB- ... -RRB- in a 5 pound bag . `` I 'm inclined to agree with him . You 'll need a scorecard just to keep track of the plethora of characters -LRB- some rather poorly-developed to the point of stereotyping -RRB- . Quite a few scenes seem contrived -LRB- e.g. , Mr. & Mrs. Larssen ... I wo n't say more -RRB- , and it feels like Turtledove has opted for quantity over quality , often filling scenes with comments on liquor quality , etc. . Turtledove seems to fall back on constantly reiterating how slow the invaders are , philosophically , to the point where I was ready to say `` enough already ... can we please get on with the story ? `` I stand by my title . This could have been good .
 The price of the e-book is the same as the paperback ; $ 7.99 . However , with the e-book , there 's no cost for printing , shipping , storing , etc. . Apparently , Random House decided that they were n't making * enough * money , and skipped the proofreader too.The e-book is filled with typographical errors , autocorrect bugs , and paragraphs that end in mid-sentence -LRB- really ! -RRB- . If you like Turtledove , read the paperback ; it 's excellent . However , the e-book is painful .
 As mentioned by another reviewer , this Kindle edition is plagued by OCR errors . Missing apostrophes , added commas , odd capitalization.we know the publisher has a perfect computer file of this book . How hard would it be to use that as the basis for the Kindle edition ? Sloppy workmanship .
 I finally gave in and purchased the first novel of the ` Worldwar ' series . A disappointment , to say the least . The premise was original , and Tutledove gives interesting insight into the military capabilities of the era ... but it never quite took off .
 Turtledove certainly has a good grasp of history but the quality of his writing is only so-so . When you combine this with a very long plot development and stereotypical characters it is almost impossible to finish one volume , let alone all four . An editor would have been useful but perhaps the publisher figured enough people would keep paying for the whole series that no editing was needed .
 The basic idea for this series was pretty good . Even in Turtledove 's hack writer clutches , it should have yielded a decent book . Padded , stretched and drawn out over multiple volumes , it is an utter waste of time . Turtledove must have been getting paid by the word .
 A fantastic idea . Some good action scenes . A bit of good writing . But , once again , a story that would have been GREAT as a single long book , is dragged into infinte boredom . How many times will the aliens tell us that they thought the natives of Earth were going to be primitive ? How many times is the same plot re-hashed over and over ? This is one of only a few books that I 've found myself actually skipping huge chunks of text . To be fair , perhaps hopes were set in the wrong direction - I wanted to read a great Sci-Fi book . Perhaps this was catering to those who love ` war-epic ' genre . If so , then this book may be for you . I did n't hate the book , I just found myself wishing the story would move much much faster . Instead , I continually found myself saying , `` Oh no , not this group again , I wish we could get back to the aliens , or at least the war itself . '' Save your money and your time , this just was n't worth the pain of going through .
 I found the characters including the historical ones to be unbelieveable . I do n't think some of the historical figures would have acted as they did . The aliens are naive beyond belief . They just do n't seem that bright . I do n't think they could successfully invade my grandmother 's kitchen . The aliens can somehow cross lightyears of space , but their technology does n't seem to be more advanced then that shown in the Gulf War . A worthy attempt at an alternative history that just falls flat . I do n't think I 'll bother finishing this series . Try Harry Harrison 's East of Eden for a great alternative history .
 The idiotic plot moves at a glacial pace , and the characterizations are laughable . The book 's multinational cast of characters is composed largely of ridiculous cultural stereotypes .
 First off , I really was captivated by the prospect of an alien intervention during world war two . The book starts out not too long after the bombing of Pearl Harbor with a fleet of invading starships taking orbit around the planet . The aliens themselve , being small reptilians , are shocked to find that the planet is inhabited by an industrial people . Because they evolve technologically at a very slow pace , they arrived expecting to do battle against crusader age warriors . Having come so far , they can not simply turn back , and proceed with their invasion , thus changing the history of the world forever.What I did n't like was the almost complete lack of any sense of tactical judgement on the alien 's behalf . Logically , if they are in orbit around the planet , with large numbers of satillites , they could clearly see which parts of the earth at the time were far more industrialized , and as such would be the greatest threat to them , so one would assume that that 's were they would concentrate the majority of their forces . Afraid not . Instead , they decide to go against every corner of the earth all at once , which spreads them rediculously thin.All of their weapons and vehicles are roughly 90 's era , but apparently the lizards are so out of tune on how to fight any kind of war against a mechanized enemy , that they repeatedly keep falling for the same human tricks over and over again . I can sort of understand this concept a bit , but for the invaders to send the one starship in their entire fleet that they absolutely can not afford to lose in the first wave to the planet 's surface ? Come on .
 Little green lizards , none of which seems to have an IQ higher than the temp of ice water , are masters of the universe yet ca n't whip the mighty Earthlings of the 1940s . Gim me a break ! And what 's this drivel about them being hooked on Ginger ? -LRB- The spice , not Tina Louise , though that would be just about as believable -RRB- I read this at first thinking it was written along the lines of the `` Toxic Spell Dump '' . You know , a light little comedic romp . Then it dawned on me that Turtledove was actually trying to write a `` serious '' alt history . Too lame for me . Shine it on !
 The plot and characterization of this WW2 thriller are handled reasonably competently , but it has too many errors to allow the suspension of disbelief necessary to enjoy a book like this . It may sound pedantic but to enjoy these sort of boys books , I at least need to feel confident that the author knows what he is talking about . Two of the more frequent and irrating errors
 numbingly stupid thriller . Sorry , the plot is so implausible , the coincidences so staggeringly forced , the characters so thinly drawn , and the editing so poor , that you end the book wondering why you wasted valuable vacation time reading it . I like historical thrillers and search them out , but got burned on this one . It 's very lazy . Two examples
 I 'm a fan of this genre and was looking forward to my first book by this author . Very disappointed . The idea of a plot against FDR and WC is fine -LRB- though we know outcome ahead of time -RRB- but the writing sinks the book . The coincidences relied upon to keep the plot moving are rediculous -LRB- coincidences usually play a role in spy thrillers but here seem to be used simply out of laziness or lack of imagination -RRB- . The dialogue is wooden beyond belief as if taken from Hollywood B movies of the 1940s . If the book was `` extensively researched '' -LRB- see Amazon review -RRB- it does n't show . The period touches amount to the simple mentioning of makes of old cars , military planes and weapons . For far superior WWII espionage fiction read Alan Furst .
 I do n't read many military thrillers , but I was attracted to this book because it appeared to be set in the context of an archeological dig in Sakkara . How misleading that was ! There is no doubt that this is easy stuff to read , but it is mental chewing-gum . Even a child would find this plot implausible . If you read a Freddy Forsythe novel like the Day of the Jackal or the Odessa file the material is well researched , but more importantly the plot is plausible , we believe that this could have happened . The story is told so well you can not but believe.But as for Meade ... A German spy , a plane load of paratroopers and a Jewish prisoner from a concentration camp on a mission to shoot Roosevelt in Cairo . What officer in his right mind would sanction such a mission . And to be told that Hitler was relying on this to win the war . Oh come on ! Give me a break.What also annoyed me intensely was the American focus of operations in Cairo . I am no anglophile , but let 's face it Cairo was a british city in WW2.I wo n't be reading any more of this unbelievable tripe . Oh by the way , Meade is not even a good writer . His use of english is weak on top of everthing else . Worst book I 've read in years .
 the plot to make did not make any sense.send two people who hate hitler and his cause to kill Roosevel and Churchill.the germans in this book are portrayed as pure evil.like in the starwars series where the sith and darth vader are pure evil.it seems to may as yet another copy of The Day Of The Jackal where one man can change the course of history and bla bla bla.even though The Jackal is by far the best book I ever read.as i already mentioned , the germans are potrayed as pure evil and the allies as pure saints.the plot does n't make much sense as i do n't see the dificulty of assassinting two men.if your german , DO N'T READ THE BOOK.if you hate germans , you 'll love to see how `` coldblooded '' they are.instead , read The Day Of The Jackal if you like them conspiracies .
 Glenn Meade 's previous books were good escapist fun ... a pleasant way to pass a long plane ride or a winters night . The plots centred around real people and events but Meade still made it seem as though his fictional events had happened and the characters , while being sterotypes , were good . Unfortunately , in this latest book , this is not the case . The plot is too flimsy to hold attention and the characters are boring ... you do n't care if they live or die . The big surprise at the end is predictable .
 Being a big fan of the WW II espionage thriller and not having read one in a while , I looked forward to reading this book . Not far into it I realized that I read it already some 20 years ago when it was called THE EAGLE HAS LANDED . While SANDS is reminiscient of EAGLE it does n't hold a candle to the Higgins classic.It took me four weeks to finish this book . Four weeks !!! That 's how un-suspenseful and un-compelling I found this story . I read SHOGUN in less time.Meade 's 3 main characters are paper thin , unsympathetic and just downright DULL . The back cover leads one to believe that you are going to read a thrilling cat and mouse pursuit between two friends who wind up on opposite sides of the war . Nothing like this happens . Weaver , the American `` intelligence '' officer , merely tags along behind Sanson , the British intel officer who figures out the threat , interprets all the evidence and does all the leg work . Halder , the German `` super spy '' thinks he can win the war without getting his , or anyone else 's hair mussed . If you keep reading looking for the dramatic showdown when these two friends and the woman they both love confront each other , save yourself some time , it never really happens.Skip this one and pick up a copy of THE EAGLE HAS LANDED by Jack Higgins or EYE OF THE NEEDLE by Ken Follet .
 The story line is excellent but unfortunately mired in too many depth-less characters and painfully convoluted subplots . It is slow on the uptake tho thankfully does pick up the pace , but only at the last , and after you have waded through so much extraneous babble that you often wondered where you were headed in the first place -- which was , incidentally , a plot to assassinate Churchill and Roosevelt.The book flap summary -- and even the design of the dust jacket -- made it seem like I was in for a treat . Wrong !! I often did not want to pick it back up -LRB- it took forever to finish !!! -RRB- but I am determined that if I spend money on a book , I 'm going to read it.I would recommend this story to only the most patient of readers and certainly will not read again myself .
 Rachel Stern , Jack Halder , and Harry Weaver are all friends working on an archeological dig in Egypt in 1939 . Both Jack and Harry are actually in love with Rachel , but war in Europe looms and the three must part . Rachel , a German Jew , and her parents plan to wait out the war in Istanbul while Harry returns home to the USA and Jack to Germany . However , they 're destined to meet in Sakkara again in early 1944 as Jack and Rachel lead a German commando team whose mission is to assassinate Franklin Roosevelt as he meets with Winston Churchill in Egypt . And it 's Harry 's job to stop them.This book is loosely based on an actual German mission that apparently came very close to succeeding . However the addition of Jack , Rachel , and Harry are pure fiction . And the author has taken liberties with how the mission was actually conducted which is , of course , his perogative . I was bothered by a number of things with this book . First , why is it that the heroes can always take beatings , gunshot wounds , stabbings , etc and it never slows them down . I know , I know , it 's fiction . But this sort of thing threatens the versimlitude of the story and makes you leave the author 's world . Second , why do the bad guys , whenever they have the good guy at their mercy , always do dumb things . For instance , at the end the evil Major Kleist -LRB- a cartoon SS major who 's also along on the mission -RRB- has the drop and both Harry and Jack -LRB- who have joined forces by this time , do n't ask -RRB- . Kleist hates them both , Jack because he 's the son of a rich Prussian , Harry because he 's the enemy . Kleist relishes their death as he holds a machine pistol on them . One pull of the trigger and our two heroes are both history . However , Kleist has even a better idea . Let 's get them into the boat and drop them in the Nile for the crocodiles . Of course this gives Jack and Harry the opportunity they need to escape . Nitpicky ? Perhaps . But if the situation is dumb , the author does n't have to put them into it . There are other ways to do these kind of things.Another example . To find out if Roosevelt is really in the secure compound Harry and Kleist have to crawl through a dirty , dusty tunnel which takes them past the defenses and onto the grounds . They 're wearing US Army uniforms . They walk freely about the secure compound and Harry actually gets right next to Roosevelt . Did n't they get dirty from crawling through the tunnel ? Even if they were n't recognized for Axis spies the first officer who 'd seen them in the dirty uniforms would have stopped them , especially with the President of the US nearby . Once again , details the break the versimlitude of the story.The ending . I wo n't give you details , but it drags on and on and on.This was my first Glenn Meade book and it will probably be my last .
 I 've not read this author 's other works , so I ca n't compare , but two things made the book less enjoyable than it might have been
 As with the Meade books , someone has to be kidding someone and doing something to someone for something to get this stuff into print . Really , why BS people about stuff that is boring and tiresome . Will St Martin Press give refunds while Mr Meade 's connections get him another deal ? I am sick of being suckered by your phony reviews .
 I was looking for something that would be simple to understand but actually teach the basics of gardening the hows and the whys of certain things along with some projects to try . I felt it was all projects without any supporting knowledge that a child could apply to projects they make up on their own . This is good for a younger child but not one that really wants to learn how to be a gardener .
 I found this heavy going , and did n't end up reading it to the end . I guess I was a little disappointed as I was expecting less of a text book approach and more of a story . If you are studying the period , it would make a good point of research .
 I thought it would be filled with interesting myths and customs of the Middle Ages but really the title is misleading .
 Very unorganized , I could n't even find a single myth in here by page 30 . This is so not worth it .
 The book delivered by Amazon.com looks like a photocopied book , not a printed one . Paper quality is the worst . It 's totally incompatible with the US$ 140 price.It should be out-of-print or something and then Prentice-Hall found it cheaper to photocopy and bind it , rather then issuing a new edition . Amazon.com should let customers know this in advance.The book content is great as the other reviewers have said , but I 'm about to see a book with worse print quality than the one Amazon sent me.I wish I have bought a used book , printed 15 years ago , for US$ 40 .
 A writer tells the story of how he and his wife break up . There is very little action here . What there is in every line is glib cracks , lame humor and sarcasm . Ruark even asks one of his characters
 I tried to read it , it was just so boring and bad . His other books are good , this book is not .
 The lack of self awareness revealed in this thinly disguised self promotion is incredible . Rouark sets out every single macho self loving cliche in this potboiler . Todays reader can diagnose homosexual panic alongside the alcoholisim and desperate macho and intellectual posturing . This one is so bad that it is fascinating to read .
 I 've been to Singapore before and have several guide books . This `` guide '' is little more than a fold-out pamplet with very small print . The information is nothing special and probably the same stuff you could learn from wikipedia travel or other sites . There is little `` luxe '' about the information and even for $ 9 and the 4-for-3 deal it is not at all worth the money . Please learn from my mistake and buy something else .
 This book has taken me a LOOOOOOOONG time to get through . I keep getting distracted by other books . I did n't have the same problem with `` The Mountain 's Call '' which further solidifies my belief that this book falls far short of its predecessor . The bar set by `` The Mountain 's Call '' has not been reached by its sequel , which is unfortunate.There are just too many predictable things going on . Valeria is of course the focus , and her magic is never really in question , but of course she makes some stupid decisions that drive the mediocre plot . Of course she 's disregarded by the other Riders . Of course Kerrec completely breaks down . Of course she meets up with Euan . Kerrec is becoming irritatingly predictable . The horse-gods are playing havoc with Valeria without bothering to even try to convince the other acolytes -LRB- er , the Riders -RRB- of their will , and through it all , that little spell that was never really explained , the Unmaking , threatens from the sidelines.There 's something about the stubbornness of the Riders that really gets on my nerves , because they seem so rigid and undefined . They have basically no personality . It 's hard to care for any of the characters anymore , when Valeria is so obviously much more powerful than anyone , yet no one likes her , Kerrec is falling apart at the seams , Gothard is so ... stereotypical in his evilness -LRB- it 's like the author is bashing me over the head with why I should despise him ; he has NO redeeming qualities at all , and almost seems Evil For the Sake of Being Evil , except he 's more of Evil For the Sake of Vengeance Because Everyone 's A Meany-head . -RRB- and the Imperial Heir is curiously abandoning her royal post in the early goings . So where 's the Emperor in all this , one wonders.I do n't know , the characters just really got on my nerves , and Gothard especially ... just because he seems too cliche for my tastes . Euan is the only character who got much exploration , in my opinion , and he was already a fascinating one as it was . For as refreshing as this whole novel series started out -LRB- about halfway through the first book -RRB- it 's rather become a disappointment to me . I hope the third book , `` Shattered Dance , '' can revive my faith . As it stands now , this series is a little too cliched for my tastes.Perhaps , though , my biggest complaint about this whole series is that the magic itself is n't very well defined . I keep finding myself saying `` What does this magic do ? What does the author mean when she says ` The Door of Time ' ? Why do the stallions need riders in The Dance , if the magic is within the stallions themselves ? What kind of magic is this ? Where does it originate from ? Is it greater than Gothard 's stone-magic ? Why should the Empire give a damn about the Mountain and its magic ? What are the rules of this magic , and why are the rules being broken so easily and at will ? Why is Valeria so special that only she and no other can control all the stallions ? '' If the author can take some time to explore the purpose and rules of this magic , maybe it 'll help , but I 'm floundering , trying to figure out why I should care what happens to the Mountain . At this point , I 'm with Gothard
 First of all , this book is n't 344 pages as listed . It is only 156 . Secondly , this book only consists of english words and their chinese equivalents in simplified character form . NO pinyin and NO example sentences . This book would only be useful to Chinese people who want to translate english words directly into Chinese . This book is advertised as both english-chinese and chinese-english , however there is no chinese-english . I ordered this book before it was released and just received it . I am extremely disappointed . I repeat
 I checked Borders and this book does n't have pinyin , which is a great weakness . I feel it should have pinyin at a minimum .
 Henrik Ibsen has made the perfect book for a book review . In play form and right around a hundred pages , AN ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE is boring and is almost impossible to get into . Unless you need something at the last minute , all you lazy teens , I do not recommend . -LRB- JGD -RRB-
 Early on , I found the author 's descriptions of the characters and their Bronx neighborhood both charming and -LRB- as a displaced Bronxite of the generation represented by the book 's central figure -RRB- right-on . Unfortunately , the personal journey each of her characters pursues over some forty-plus years was hopelessly flat and failed to sustain my interest as I labored through to the last , unrevealing chapter . I found myself wondering what point Ms. Hegi was trying to make . Whatever she was aiming at , it never came to fruition .
 I got this book because Ursula Hegi wrote an Oprah Winfrey pick `` Stone From the River '' some years ago and I remember enjoying that book . . While I love a good family saga , I cared nothing about any of the characters in this book . It was tedious , boring and repetitive . The premise of how an act in childhood affects members of several families for years to come seemed intriguing , but it was the only reason that held me to the end and then I realized that the book was actually a waste of time .
 I found this book on an awards list and listened to it on CD . It was difficult to finish because I just did n't care about any of the characters . The only redeeming part of the book is the charming narrative with which it opens , told from the viewpoint of a little boy growing up in a close-knit Italian-American family . But the narratives of the adults , which follow , are predictable and fall hopelessly flat . There are the obligatory infidelities and a lesbian dalliance , and there is even some completely gratuitous George Bush bashing ! There is much better contemporary fiction out there .
 I make it a practice to ALWAYS finish a book no matter how horrible it may be . This book is making me change that rule . I actually finished the whole thing , though I am not sure why . The only reason it got 1 star is because about 4 pages of it were funny . I am sure there is a bunch of deeper meaning that I missed but I am not sure even that would have saved this book . I usually check out Amazon and reader reviews before I read a book . For some reason I did not heed their warning .
 `` Sacred Time '' is a story spread over three generations and begins in a Bronx neighborhood . It is read by three different people . When I learned that , I was hesitant about listening to it . The first reader was male and the story was about a boy growing up in a dysfunctional family . He has to share his room with twin cousins , girls , when their father is sent to jail for stealing from his employer . The story continues with daily life and troubles of two families sharing life under one roof.When the second reader , a female , took up the story , it jumped in years and location . The story became focused on the mother instead of continuing with the son as the first reader had . There was no warning or lead-in to this shift in the story . I was completely lost for the first half of a tape . When I finally `` caught up '' with what was happening , I had questions about what had happened when the first reader was reading the story . What happened to the `` flying twin '' ? What happened to the friction between the mother and the aunt?While this is a story that ranges over three generations , the jump from one time to another with no warning really put me off . I was no longer able to follow the story as well as I wanted . It does show what can and does happen to people and families when one decision is made over another . It shows how lives change by these decisions . Unless you are good at listening `` between the lines '' and like stories that jump around , I would not recommend that you listen to this tape .
 Mr. Cayse never charged for his work , because he thought that it was to help others and , that it was a gift . I have seen many of the things he had seen . I know that there is no way I could ever sell that kind of information , nor would my childern for that matter . I feel that Mr. Cayse would still feel the same about his gift if he were a live today . Thank You , Randi
 I was looking through some of my books from the last few years and I saw this one in the `` do n't read again pile '' . I read the back cover and could n't really remember why I would n't care for it so I decided to give it another try . I now remember why I did n't like it in the first place.As some reviewers have mentioned , the beginning plot is a little loose . Alec is supposed to take spoiled Therese to Gretna Green but he instead kidnaps her cousin -LRB- what a coincidence ! -RRB- who was looking for a hackney -LRB- at that time of night ? -RRB- . I do n't know about you but if I was going to run off to Gretna Green with someone I would greet them in the carriage but whatever . Fine . I can handle a loose plot if the rest of the story is good . It is n't . Julia , the cousin of Therese and main character , is very annoying . She thinks herself above everyone and takes on the task of `` reforming '' her husband . Even though he does n't really need it . She does n't listen to him and thinks that she can just ignore everything he asks . He is willing to compromise but she thinks that it 's her way only . She also does n't want to sleep with him because she does n't want to be brought down by `` pleasure '' . This is n't an uncommon theme in romance books , especially historical ones , except in this case they are married . Even after they get to know each other and like each other she does n't want to be `` brought down by carnal pleasures '' . It is okay and by the laws of the time , necessary , to sleep with your husband.As you can imagine , her ignoring everything that her husband has asked her to do - in order to comply with the stipulations of his grandfather 's will - blows up in her face and they are immediately in trouble and may lose their fortune . -LRB- Of which , on her insistence , half is to go to her charity . -RRB- Then when Alec gets mad at her for not listening to him , she cries and his friends tell him how mean he is ! She is so stupid and silly ! I wanted to shake her by the end of the book.Of course , everything ends up well and tied with a neat bow . This usually is n't a problem for me . I like HEAs but the coincidences in this book started to get to be a bit much . I would spend my money elsewhere .
 Oh dear God ! I had to force myself to finish this book thinking that the heroine would turn for the better but alas she did not . I swear the villains in the story were a heck of a lot more interesting than our protaganists . LIke one of the reviews below said , Julia was hellbent on saving all the poor people in England that she didnt seem to care about the man she so `` desperately loved '' even when she knew that by her working for this Society would eventually lead to scandal causing Alec to lose what he was franticallyfighting to keep.Well to get to the point Alec is the hero and he was basically a nice guy . He `` drank '' his butler 's warm milk as to not to hurt the old man 's feelings , he gave gifts and attention to some urchin Julia brought into the home from the street , he cared so much for his grandfather that he fought to keep his cousin Nick from bringing the family legacy to ruin and he split his inheritance 50/50 with the bride from hell , Julia . As you can see the guy was a winner who treated all those around him dearly I really dont know how he ever had the reputation as a rake since that aspect of his life was never really revealed by Hawkins . The guy was a sweetheart who didnt have a strong enough character because he never stood up to Julia . It was just a lukewarm relationship between the two . You end up liking Alec because of the way he is portrayed but at the same time you want him to be a bit more forceful , meanwhile you appreciate Julia 's efforts for reforming the streets of England but you want to have her run off because she is so focused on saving the world that no one else can fit into her picture . The two just were n't compatible . Not even in bed since there was only one love scene . But anyway moving on , if you dare to read the book you 'll find Aunt Maddie a riot who speaks her mind with a nephew -LRB- Edmund -RRB- who you love for being such a whipped loveable dufus.IF it werent for Julia 's mule like personality I wouldve thouroughly enjoyed the book because like it 's been said the secondary characters were great but the love story just didnt work .
 I was a little dissappointed with this book . After reading the other reviews I was expecting an exceptionally funny and fast paced story . The plot is great , no doubt about that . The execution left a little to be desired . I did like Julia , she is smart and gutsy . Alec , on the other hand , is not really likeable . He does n't make you swoon or wish to be in Julia 's shoes.Sorry , I did n't like this story too much . It is not a `` keeper . ''
 Julia , kidnapped by Alec to keep his inheritance , is a reformer who demands half of Alec 's inheritance to help her in her Women 's Society efforts . Alec should have sent Julia packing . She supposedly loved him for years but instead of behaving in a friendly manner , loving I guess was too much to ask for , is always a shrew to Alec . Why ? It is logical to assume that the more shrewish and unreasonable , yes very unreasonable , she became , the more problems they would have . This is not a good love story in that I wish Alec would have found someone else . Lucien 's story , which comes out in 2001 , I look forward to and I hope he choses more wisely .
 I really tried to give this book a chance . Unfortunately , I could not stop my eyes from rolling to the back of my head from reading such self-righteous , feministic -LRB- yes ! that 's my word -RRB- drivel!Could Julia be any more of a pain in the butt ? I 'll admit that the blurb on the back cover was cute in concept and the book started out well enough . It is , after all , gratifying to read about the ugly ducklings that turn into swans . But part of the fun is reading about the transformation . With The Abduction of Julia , I felt like I was missing chapters ! What happened that all of a sudden Julia was this STUNNING beauty that was making everyone stop in their tracks ? Because she took off her glasses ??? Okay ... But let 's move beyond the looks ... What is up with Julia 's obsession with the Society ? Poor Alec was pretty much stuck at the back of the bus in this book ! Truly , all he needed was a spine . By the middle of the book , Julia was grating my last nerve and I was practically yelling at Alec to run while he still could!I 've read other Karen Hawkins books because she is listed as a recommended author by Julia Quinn -LRB- who is quickly becoming one of my favorite writers -RRB- . And the only book of hers that I truly liked was `` An Affair to Remember . '' Unfortunately , her books do n't have the spark that Quinn 's books do . Anyway , I think after reading `` The Abduction of Julia , '' I 'm done with Hawkins .
 I enjoy a good love story but this was ridiculous . The damned female thought she was flawless . I mean no problems at all and got away with evverything . She was supposed to be helping the man but in my eyes caused more trouble than she was worth . She was not a very likeable creature at all because she was so selfish . She thought everything she did ws for a good cause . Who in their right mind brings a prostitute to live under their roof who promptly embarasses almost the whole dinner party by showing them the gifts they gave her . Must I add that they were married , and then she had the nerve to get mad at her husband because he was mad ? SERIOUSLY ??? I stopped reading . I tried to give it a chance but it was not worth it .
 I agree with several of the other reviewers
 I started reading this book in January then quickly got annoyed with the overly puritanical , self-righteous , judgmental prig that was Julia . I dropped the book until fast-forward 8 months later and i started reading another Karen Hawkins book only to discover that it was connected to the Abduction of Julia which now forced me to read it . By this time i had forgotten that i had ever attempted to read this book . Unfortunately by the end of the first chapter all those anti-Julia feelings came rushing back but i determined to finish the book to the end . In short , i hate this book largely because of how unrealistically Julia is portrayed and to a lesser extent because of how her actions made Alec such a pushover . Julia 's character does not relate to real people , how they perceive the world or even how they react when someone does them wrong . Oh no , the Frant dragon continues to see the good and defend the bad guy all the way to the end but manages to see only the bad in her supposed one love as the tirelessly and virtuously tries to reform him . I mean seriously ? Her piousness is overblown and becomes repetitive filler space just to continue some semblance of a storyline to the book . I am still mad that i wasted time reading the book through to the end just so i could have a frame of reference for the next book . I hope it too wo n't suck as well or it will be the last Karen Hawkins book i read .
 I found the situations created in this book were done by having the heroine do stupid things , like getting herself into bad situations with her husband 's enemy . The fact that she was presented as intelligent in the beginning of the story made this all the more hard to read . I did n't care for the book .
 DISAPPOINTED ! The begining was great . I liked how their aquintance came about in the start . But then as the middle takes its toll I really can not say I enjoy it . It just gets more and more annoying rightfully . And the heroine for me does n't fit the picture that the author tries to portray . Really , I think she could have done better . The description of our heroine was introduced as sweet , caring and innocent . BUT ... < -- That 's a big but with caps . I find her more selfish and greedy , naive and stupid -LRB- sorry . . my opinion -RRB- than the sweet girl who wants to help the less fortunate . First , she offers to marry him and then ` CLAIMS ' half of the fortune he has -LRB- though he had offered quite a generous amount to begin with ... greedy much ... it does n't matter what she plans to do with it . . I would be shame-faced to even ask for so much as a penny , let alone ` claime ' . . since the money is n't even hers to begin with -RRB- . Then she goes and make conditions for him and later when he comes up with one condition of his own , she wo n't allow it . Moreover , she keeps hinting at wanting to reform him but then ultimately falls under the enemy as naive as any green girl out of the schoolroom . Really , you would have thought she 'll know better then to consort with the enemy -LRB- let 's not mention her ways with scandal or close call scandal -RRB- . She 's nowhere sweet or caring or innocent . . all in all , my opinion , she is only a step behind her supposedly frenchy cousin and the mad Earl.Really , a horrible story . The only one I truly felt sorry for was Alec .
 I rarely write reviews but I have to say I bought this book because of the low price for the kindle and I was so frustrated that I had to stop reading frequently . First I have read Karen Hawkins before and if this had been my first book of hers I would have never read her work again . Like other reviewers I read the sample page and thought the plot sounded interesting and H/H sparkled . Sadly that was the last time I liked Julia . She is framed as a reformer and a caring person I felt nether from her character , first the reforming part Alex is supposedly a dastardly rake nothing ground breaking there but he is not and secretly has a heart of gold . You never would know by the way Julia treats him like a leper and proceeds for the next couple of hundred pages to treat him like the worst human being in the world . She is so selfish with what she wants and he gave her basically everything she asked for and she still is not satisfied . Julia suffers from the TSTL syndrome that drives me batty . It brings out the dread troupe of the misunderstanding , and the hero being treated to the parade of people telling him how wrong he was . Honestly I wish he would 've stuck to his guns more often with Julia . It was n't a relationship is was filler . I like fluffy romances but when the characters make you wish you could smack them you know the book is not for you . Hawkins is a proficient writer but the characters are romance archetypes that do little for me .
 This book had an excellent theme
 The Abduction of Julia is Karen Hawkins ' first novel . It was also my first Hawkins read . Based on this story I doubt I will seek out another . This was your typical flimsy plot and a big disappointment . I love this genre , yet lately I find it very difficult to find exciting , realistic and well-written historical romance . Satire can be entertaining and fun to read , but author 's should take care -- there 's is fine line between witty humor and ridiculous absurdity -- unfortunately this story is the latter . I do n't understand how so much of this dribble is published . I found it difficult to finish this book.I knew I was in for a let down from the very beginning of this story . Alec the supposed hero , abducts the wrong woman . This part of the plot is so weak -- Julia mistakes his carriage for a hackney and climbs in herself , or something like that -- very weak and vague premise for the whole storyline . Alec was supposed to abduct Therese-even though in the beginning of this story she -LRB- Therese -RRB- wanted to marry Alec . Then why would it have been an abduction at all?What was supposed to be clever and witty dialogue and plot , came across as quite ridiculous . In one scene the evil cousin Nick , drugs and kidnaps Julia . After Julia awakes from a drug-enduced sleep Nick tries to have his way with her . In order to keep Nick 's advances at bay , Julia stuffs her mouth with buttered bread . She nearly chokes to death because she stuffs her mouth too full , but alas Nick , her evil captor hits her on the back . She coughs up the bread ! `` You saved my Life ! '' she cries . GIVE ME A BREAK !!! I ca n't believe anyone would give this book 4 stars , even 3 for that matter . Do n't bother with this one .
 I did n't like this book . I found it really boring . I had to force myself to finish it . The heroine was too perfect , and I did n't feel that she and the hero had a lot of chemistry . I prefer passionate love stories . They were so dull together . I do n't think I 'll be buying another book by this author .
 I do n't usually write reviews . However , I read them for every book I think of purchasing or getting on loan . So I figure that I owe this , especially since I am not sure I can even stand to finish the book and I am more than three quarters the way through . I 've read this author once before , and although she is not one of my favorites -LRB- at least yet -RRB- , I found the last book a decent historical romance . This book is well written and the story could be fun . But for me I keep wanting to start a new book . I had read one review where the customer warned that the heroine was unlikable , but I saw so many good reviews I thought she might just be picky . Now I wish I had taken her advice . Perhaps just saying that a heroine is unlikeable is unhelpful , because someone could have an issue with a personality that you do not . I have had that experience before . This heroine is tough for me because she is so immature , unperceptive , unable to communicate and really quite dense . However , you are supposed to believe that others see her as uniquely intelligent , tough and feisty or passionate . It 's hard to imagine any lord of these times finding her tolerable , much less the greatest thing since champagne and yet many do . The heroine is not drop dead gorgeous or even conventionally that pretty , so we are led to believe that it is her spirit and personality that make her so darn attractive to the Lords of London . It is still rare enough to have a heroine of average looks that I tend to like these stories , but not if you ca n't believe it and nothing is worse than spending your free time with people you do n't like -LRB- especially if you are paying for the privelage -RRB- . If you are not prone to believe someone who cares about charity more than their own comfort alone makes them worth listening to even if they are dense and very confused as well as bull headed to a fault then you will want to reconsider reading this book . If you want to actually believe that the heroine is in love with the hero I believe this book may be a waist of your time and if stupid or at the very least socially and emotionally dense people bug you save your money . My good deed for the day done .
 I lot of unnecessary writing . Too boring . I will not be picking up anything else by this author . For all the readers that rated this book a 4 or 5 ... they must have mistaken this book for another .
 This is a collection of short essays about the author 's hikes , horseback rides and automobile trips in the Los Angeles , Coastal Ranges , San Gabriel , San Bernardino and Santa Rosa mountains in the 1910s and 1920s . They 're told in a rather precious and affected style , much in fashion at the time . He clearly shows the reader a beautiful and now smog-blasted part of the world.Of special interest to historians -LRB- I am one -RRB- and history buffs are many references to local legends , Spanish gold , the mission and rancho eras of Southern California history and a few survivors such as the author 's Indian friend Fernando . Botany is a strong point , with most readers needing a botanical dictionary or a chance to Google the huge number of trees and plants mentioned in this book.Saunders by our standards is somewhat racist , but this was also normal at the time ; his counterparts in Germany , the Wandervogel hiking movement , eventually were suppressed by Hitler . There are numerous references which would be offensive today . Despite this , his accounts of Indian life are fairly clear-eyed . Another odd feature is his fondness for recounting biographies of botanists and other people not part of the story.All in all , a fascinating glimpse of a California eighty years gone , and probably one of the more interesting books written about the mountains in question . His ascent of San Gorgonio is a high point -LRB- pun intended -RRB- . Recommended to lovers of old California and its picturesque odd and ends .
 This author actually believes that she can tell you all about your life just by what age you are and she can predict what kind of story you will write , just by knowing your age . Wrong ! There is also an entire section telling to basically quit your job , ignore your loved ones and devote yourself fully to becoming a millionare writing in Hollywood -LRB- which in reality , most of you will never make a penny doing -RRB- . This book is entirely unrealistic , but not because of the premise of the title.What I do like about this book is she pushes you to quit procrastinating , gives good writing exercises , and gives you your basic outline without being too specific . Not really the book I was looking for .
 This book is okay . I 've actually written 2 screenplays in less than 21 days , but I ended up revising them over and over again until I felt confident enough to even register both with the WGA . I 'm glad I did n't buy this book new - got it for just a few dollars at a used bookstore . I find How Not To Write A Screenplay more worthwhile .
 When ordering this book I thought I was going to get instruction on how to write a screenplay with format , what I did recieve is how to put an idea on paper of which I already have done . Disappointed in Scottsdale !
 It simply did n't work for me.If you are beginner , you need more than this little book.The Screenwriter bible by David Trottier is the ONE.Do not expect to write any good stories in 21 days.Stop dreaming and start writing.This book is kind of hard to read so if it 's for beginner , it is just done to to make your learning more difficult than anything else . Forget it and follow my advice above .
 This was the first book I bought when I was learning how to write screenplays . I have a finished screenplay now , but this book was not at all helpful . In my opinion this book adds to the difficulty of writing a screenplay when there is a time factor . I would suggest a period of at least 2 months , most of the time going into planning . Who really cares about how quick you can write a screenplay , is n't the real goal to see how good you can write one ? By the way of all the seminars by professional screenwriters that I 've been to , I 've brought this book up . None of them cared for it . Suggested instead was WRITING SCREENPLAYS THAT SELL by Michael Hauge , and after that Syd Field 's books which go more into detail .
 I purchased and read this book because it was recommended by an author that has helped me develop in the screenwriting craft . But I did n't find it particularly helpful or practical . However , you might draw some inspiration from it .
 The author 's method and advice boils down to this : Write the script really fast , almost stream of consciousness `` from your heart '' . Do it in a week . Take a day off . Now go back and spend a week rewriting `` with your head '' . There -- that 's the book boiled down to a paragraph . I just saved you the purchase price.If you 're new to screenwriting , unfamiliar with the format , or how it 's done , the author does n't spend enough time explaining the basics the way the great Syd Field does in his books `` Screenplay '' and `` The Screenwriter 's Workbook '' . If you 're somewhat advanced and looking for a little insider knowledge to give you an edge or to coach you in your writing process , the book is really too shallow and glib . You 're exponentially better off with Blake Synder 's `` Save The Cat '' or William Aiker 's `` Your Script Sucks ! `` Ms. King is more a cheerleader than a coach . She will make you feel good . She will give you a few mildly helpful tips when it comes to getting over writer 's block . You may actually write a screenplay in 21 days using her method , and that may give you some satisfaction , but I bet it wo n't be very good . This is a gimmicky way to write a script.Indeed , this book reads as if Ms. King wrote it in 21 days . The writing is nowhere near as crisp and punchy as the writers of other books I 've mentioned . The formatting , font , and physical printing of the book reeks of amateurism -- the same way a script written this way would reek.Here 's my advice
 I thought this book was the strangest I 've ever read regarding screenwriting . Screenwriting and spirituality may or may not mix , but spirituality really has nothing to do with writing a good screenplay ! I have to agree with the previous reviewer who gave the book one star and say that I , too , found little practical advice in this book and the premise is even stranger . Why 21 days ? Why does the author suggest that we whip out a screenplay in only 21 days ? Is n't quality better than speed . I recommend Syd Field and Lajos Egri instead . Both are real pros and their books offer much detail and useful advice .
 The author eschews traditional structure for her own cockamamie ideas about how to write a screenplay . For example , she claims that what you write about should be informed by your age and gender . So , if the screenwriter is a female in her early twenties : `` chances are your relationship with your father includes the car . This is often the way father-daughter relationships get worked out . You call him when your car breaks down . It breaks down a lot or if it 's new your father helps with the payments ... `` What in the world is the author talking about ?! Girls in their twenties should write about whatever they want to write about ! I mean , think of your favorite movie . Now imagine the screenwriter sitting down and thinking , `` based on my age and gender , I should probably write a story about ... '' It 's probably the worst advice I 've ever heard regarding writing a screenplay.And , the irony is that she claims structure just gets in the way of a first draft . So forget about planning or any kind of outline , but ... if you 're : `` In your early thirties you will have a theme involving your relationship with your mother or father . '' ... `` Notice if you 're writing a murder mystery . You are extremely angry at your parent and your movie is a way to express that anger . `` So , to recap ... do n't think about or plan your screenplay , but if you 're thirty , better write something about your parents , and if it 's a murder mystery , note that you 're angry at them . Then , after you 've wasted hours and hours totally disregarding story structure , go back and try to shoehorn a movie into the ensuing mess.I 'm sorry , but this is not a serious book . And unsurprisingly , the author has no produced screenplays credited on IMDB . I 'm shocked by the positive reviews for this book . To me it wreaks of snake-oil for novices who get suckered by the 21 days premise.That said , there is one idea in the book that I agree with - and it is hardly original
 I am unsure what I was expecting but this was not a good story . I did not care for the authors viewpoint . She was hard to relate too and not easily liked .
 I was so excited when i ordered this manual -LRB- so to speak -RRB- . Instead of it helping me , it confused me more than anything . . It is like the author is trying to convince herself she actually was a real mistress and had multiple conversations and lectures with wives . I feel as though she was a lonely old person that had a one night stand with a married man and tried to understand the mindset of a wife . . I want to throw this paper with typed lies in the trash were it belongs . . I believe Rupaul was born a woman anyday over this author . . What a hot mess . A waste of ink . P. S. I love RU .
 After reading the book and having the pleasure of meeting the authors in Missouri , all I can say ... nothing new here . If you consider ripping off existing fly patterns revolutionary ... go ahead , buy the book . Buy some Tony Accardo flies and poppers and take your hat off to a true master .
 As a reader who loves fairy tale retellings , I was very disappointed in The Phoenix Dance.The story centers around young Phoenix Dance , whose great dream in life is to become a shoemaker . When she lands an apprenticeship to the Royal Shoemaker , it seems her every wish is ready to come true . But Phoenix has an illness -LRB- bipolar disorder - referred to as the `` Illness of the two Kingdoms '' in the book -RRB- that threatens to unravel her apprenticeship , her relationships , and ultimately , her sanity.And that 's the real story . The `` Twelve Dancing Princesses '' does n't come into it until the last third of the book , and even then , it 's rather rushed . Since you know the story of the princesses and the ending , you know that Phoenix will ultimately triumph ; but the author seems to suggest that it 's Phoenix 's experience with the `` Two Kingdoms '' sickness that allows her to help the princesses , and not necessarily the familiar elements -LRB- the magic cloak , not taking the sleeping potion , etc. -RRB- . Kind of wierd , to me , for a fairy tale retelling.I give it two stars for character credibility . Phoenix is a bit naive in the beginning , but through her experiences grows into a person who is able to accept reality and deal with things the way they are and not the way she wishes they could be . And while you get the sense that she will learn to live with her illness , there are still consequences for her rash actions that happened while she was sick . -LRB- Although to be honest , it was that same realism that disappointed me - I wanted a more happy ending -RRB- . It was definitely interesting , and I give the author credit for introducing a serious topic to a young audience in an interesting way . But is it something I 'd keep and reread ? Probably not .
 The Phoenix Dance is less of a retelling of the fairy-tale , `` The Twelve Dancing Princesses '' and more of a dumbed down bi-polar activist story . Phoenix is diagnosed and treated by a mederi , a fantasy doctor/healer . While it is rumored that the mederi dabble in magic they are more known for their scientific approach to medicine . This scientific approach is laughably applied . By experimenting on Phoenix , Mederi Gale moves through hundreds of years of medical treatments in about a week . Phoenix 's experience with the `` Illness of Two Kingdoms '' consumes the novel . For the most part , her illness fails to move the plot forward , and yet chapters are dominated by her symptoms , treatments and side effects of the treatments . There is very little room left over for the actual story . The story of the twelve princesses is almost an after thought , as if Calhoun got so caught up in Phoenix 's illness that she forgot to actually tell a story . Even the title of the book , The Phoenix Dance refers to the illness , not to the character . Stories about bi-polar can be good , as can re-tellings of fariy tales . Calhoune attempted to do both and failed .
 If Duncan would have filled the book with stories of his friendship with HCB and given us some insight we may not have found anywhere else , this book could be good . I like hearing the anecdotes of the quirks that HCB exhibited on a daily basis . I 'm sure Duncan could have filled a book with interesting insights ... but that is not the case here.Fact is , he gives a few pages of blurbs and then fills this book with shots from one roll of film . Candids so to speak of HCB and his Leica . That 's it . The whole book.There is far too much -LSB- bad -RSB- photography out in the world today and some of it I respect because it is art and I even respect Duncan 's photography but this book ? Gads.Here we are , us starving photographers trying to get a hold in the industry that calls so many and chooses so few ... . and this book is published . Why ? I know I sound resentful ... well of course I do ! I 'm a photographer without a published book of my own ! At least give me great books to look at until I can share mine with the world ! : PI think I 'm going to get iPhoto and make my own books and slug them on the net . Sit down with someone for 20 minutes , snap off 20 to 30 images of them ... make a book.Give me Inferno any day . Now that -LRB- to me -RRB- is a photo book . It 's a coffee table book substantial enough to be a coffee table . I would pay a month of rent for Inferno . Do n't have it ? Buy it today.Don ' t waste your money on this one . There are far better books to waste your money on . : -RRB- Cheers , Zack ...
 Only on very rare occasions has Henri Cartier-Bresson who has spent his adult life capturing the images of others allowed himself to be photographed . Mr. Duncan 's decisive five minutes with his former associate now provide a unique opportunity to see HCB in action , but I suspect that `` Faceless '' would not have sat still for the candids if he realized that his old friend DDD was going to blow his cover and publish the off-guard moments . One reviewer of this book notes that Mr. Duncan lost his friendship with HCB because he published these photos . Even though the proceeds from the book will go to the University of Texas , losing a friendship would not be worth this book of snapshots .
 Those of you who would buy this book because you are fans of the subject should know that Mr. Cartier-Bresson has done everything he could to prevent this book from being published . It is against his wishes , and Mr. Duncan 's decision to go ahead and publish it has effectively ended their -LRB- formerly friendly -RRB- relationship.It 's a silly idea to begin with . Out of an entire roll of film , even of a master like Cartier-Bresson , how many images are publishable and how many are forgettable?This is a sad exercise by Mr. Duncan to cash in on the famed reclusiveness of his subject .
 While at first drawn into the lush visual imagery , I eventually found the poems , and long journal in the back , strikingly empty . Christopher seems to be a showman , constantly performing for the reader with too many sleights of hand and verbal somersaults . The basic premise of the journal is interesting , but Christopher takes the rumination of life and death to a cloyingly predictable , pretensious degree . The Dcotor , the driver are one dimensional figures trapped in Christopher 's invention . The overall effect is a kind of patronizing and inaccessible work , where Christopher 's characters are walking blindly through a universe of chaos , where the poet seems to mourn their darkness yet fail to illuminate much for the reader . A depressing combination , in part because the poet obviously spent a good deal of energy performing for the reader during what 's essentially an empty journey .
 Scripting is a hot , extremely-important topic , and Barron is to be commended for the very idea of basing a whole book on presenting and surveying it . However , the execution of this good idea turns out to be far too flawed -- this book is NOT to be recommended . There is no coverage of the most important , up-and-coming scripting languages , particularly Python ; this is a truly damning defect . The role of scripting in conjunction with XML , EJB/Corba , databases , and other crucial technologies is absent . Nothing about scripting 's use for component prototyping , its connection with the Extreme Programming movement , integration of scripting in one 's general or special purpose applications ; nothing on the vital issue of interaction between scripting and security . A pity
 I bought this book based on all the great reviews , and now have to wonder if those individuals read an entirely different book!Not only is this guy a very mediocre writer , the content is pretty weak . For example , in the chapter entitled `` Kill your television '' , -LRB- which is not a bad idea -RRB- , he instead suggests communicating in online chat rooms and sending and receiving emails , because doing those activies will `` grow the brain '' ! Seriously ???? While most people do watch far too much television , participating in chat rooms is hardly a better choice!Here are just a few of the lame titles in the book : `` Find a place to come from '' `` Put more enjoyment in '' -LRB- as I said , his writing is not very good ! -RRB- `` Break out of your soul cage '' `` Light your lazy dynamite `` And some really original titles
 After reading the positive reviews , I was excited to receive the audio-book of `` 100 Ways To Motivate Yourself '' by Steve Chandler . Unfortunately , I ended up disappointed!On the positive side , the content is good , and Mr. Chandler does a reasonable job covering the broad topic of motivation.The negatives , however , outweigh the positives . The two reasons I am less than satisfied are as follows :1 . -RRB- The audio-book is read by the author in his monotonous low droning baritone . I found it nearly impossible to sustain my focus on his hypnotic reading any longer than five minutes , which is pretty sad for a `` motivation '' themed book ! At times , I wondered if Mr. Chandler were about to fall asleep himself . -LRB- Imagine Eeyore reading a book to you on `` motivation . '' -RRB- What is interesting , is that at one point in the CD , Mr. Chandler boasts about his great speaking voice . If his CD was intended to induce a hypnotic trance , then I might agree with him .2 . -RRB- This audio-book is a superficial survey of some basic thoughts on motivation . I was hoping for more in-depth coverage of motivation , but what can you expect from two CDs and a few hours of content?Suggestion
 Enticed by the title , I bought this audio to help me out of the slump I 've been in . While there are some good suggestions , this guy is BORING ! One of his suggestions to motivate yourself is to do 2 things that you dislike doing everyday -- I guess so that you will enjoy the things you do like even more . It was this thought that motivated me to get through to the end of this tape
 Chandler is overly fond of quoting everyone possible to back up his ideas . He can quote four people in a single page . Problem is , the quotes , and many of his anecdotes , just do n't have anything to do with what he was talking about . He has a few good ideas buried in blather -LRB- ten ways to motivate yourself would have been better -RRB- , and re-packages the same ideas into different chapters , using different quotes and anecdotes in order to reach the 100 in his title .
 This is an OK book . It was required for part of my Master 's Degree . I did not like the book . It is OK , but for use in the class , we hardly used it - which makes me dislike the book a bit more .
 This might be an excellent book . I 'll never know . I bought this for my Kindle , fully expecting to have control over the typeface . I have great difficulty reading books that have serif fonts . Much to my dissapointment and surprise , for this has not happened to me with any other book I 've purchased , you can change everything but the typeface . I plan to see if I can get Amazon to credit me the cost of this purchase.If you expect to read this with anything other than a heavily serifed font , do n't buy this book .
 I listen to this CD several times a year . I gave the book away long ago , but I think I should buy one once a month and give it to someone who needs it . Lots of people understand this book because they understand the most effective tool left unused is worthless . Insights , many simple , put into practice will change your life . This is the gift of these thoughts . DO ONE or TWO and see if you are not changed . Four circles is my favorite ; its easy and always puts a focus on the lifetime that exists within my day .
 I read the book first and was looking for a tape to back up the concepts in the book . On that count , the audio version is right on the mark . The interesting -LRB- and disappointing -RRB- thing is that the author actually `` reads '' the pertinent text to you from each of the 100 items . In the book , he talks about overcoming a fear of public speaking and putting inflection into his speaking voice . I guess he feels qualifed to `` read '' to us based on his accomplishment . If reading his text was the selected approach , he should have let a professional narrator make this tape . I guess I was expecting excerpts from his speaking engagements -LRB- ala `` 7 Habits ... '' -RRB- . Unfortunately , he sounds like Tom Boydette on the Motel 6 commercials . The content is there , the delivery is disappointing . If you have the book , make a tape yourself .
 I found the content of the book very superficial . It deals with eliminating the symptoms of lack of motivation
 The good is relatively good because it possesses some of the most important self-help concepts i.e Self-image . Now the Audio version sucks big time . It is supposed to motivate you , so I was going to use it as a morning booster of my energy and that `` feeling good '' mood . However , the author speaks as though he is just about to commit suicide from such a lethal depression or you can imagine him weighing 650 pounds lying on a bed not being able to hardly even speak . It actually was a so boring narration that I passed out . No energy . No motivation . No inspiration . Not at all . Get yourslef some Wayne dyer . BUT , I recommend you read the book .
 Being both a U.S. history buff and a mystery fan , I expected to love this book . I gave up after slogging through 150 pages . New characters -LRB- many with similar names -RRB- are introduced about every other page , making the story very difficult to keep straight . Benjamin January also brings a multi-layered backstory to the proceedings , adding additional layers of complexity -LRB- and does anybody else think a musician-surgeon-classically educated sensitive widower is a bit too good to be true ? -RRB- . Add a setting unfamiliar to most readers -LRB- an 1830s Creole sugar cane plantation -RRB- , and the density of details overwhelms both plot and characterization . Casual readers will find this book tough sledding .
 Written in a claustrophobic , stream-of-consciousness style , this is a portrait of a young woman deeply damaged by emotional and physical incest . The broken chronology and distorted perceptions make the reader feel as confused as the protagonist herself . I had to force myself to finish reading the book . It might have been worthwhile if there were some character development and resolution of the protagonist 's psychological problems . Instead I was disappointed by an apparent happy ending that seemed forced and unbelievable . Marble Skin may be well-written -LRB- apart from the contrived ending -RRB- , but it 's certainly not enjoyable reading .
 Reading this glossy volume from a culinary series by the French publisher Flammarion , translated into English by an Englishman is similar to watching a howlingly bad movie where the main interest is in locating all the mistakes in continuity , editing , and dialogue , in French , with English subtitles.The odd thing is that this series includes an excellent , albeit glossy , survey of French cooking by the great Paul Bocuse , which I found to be a worthy addition to anyone 's collection of French cookbooks.The gaffs in the book range from minor to astronomical.The important thing to remember is that this is a book on healthy eating . When Americans read a book on this subject , they expect at least some semblance of basis in accepted scientific findings of the day , even if the usual encumbrance of footnotes and other scholarly reference devices are absent . A quick look at such popular titles as ` Nourishing Traditions ' by Sally Fallon demonstrates my case . This excellent and popular book is simply dripping with scholarly references . The book being examined in this review has no references to scientific findings whatsoever . Even worse , the primary nutritional foundation of the author 's culinary arguments is based on the conjecture that one should not eat animal protein and carbohydrates at the same meal . The author says he can not remember from whom he heard this bit of wisdom , but that he thinks it was someone from California . I 'm not kidding . This book really says that . The book follows this undocumented principle throughout , even to the extent of revising recipes for Salade Nicoise to create two , one with the potatoes and one with the tuna.The very first thing that gave me a clue that we are not dealing with a serious cookbook here was the layout of the ` recipes ' . Almost every cookbook with recipes published for serious cooking -LRB- Including the contribution of Paul Bocuse to this series -RRB- are written with separate lists of ingredients and their amounts followed by a procedure . Good books further separate headnotes on background and sidebars on technique from the main procedure . This book does none of that . The entire description is in plain text , as if it were lifted from a novel , except that I think that if Tony Bourdain put a recipe in one of his novels , he would write it as if it were in a proper cookbook.Another major gaff is in the author 's statement that breakfast should be one of the largest of the day , with time spent to eat it sitting down , with some deliberation , with more food than you eat at dinner . This is followed with references to ` an adequate breakfast ' that is composed of nothing more than toast with peanut butter and honey , fruit juice , and tea . This fits our picture of a classic ` Continental Breakfast ' rather than a large meal.Practically every other page seems to contain a little howler in either the text or the pictures . I suspect some may be lapses in translation . Others almost seem like they are due to the pictures and captions being done by someone who had not read the book , let alone wrote the book . One picture shows a glass of milk , apple , and cheese with blueberries with a caption citing a glass of orange juice and a bowl of muesli . Incredible.It is not hard to form the opinion that the real rationale of this book is as a vehicle to display photographs of a very elegant , very Provencal chateau that it would seem the author had some role in renovating . It may almost seem that interior decoration is the author 's true vocation . He just happens to write fluffy books on culinary subjects as a sidelight . The only thing which puts a lie to this picture is that the author 's story of how he came to the decision to lose weight and his general techniques for accomplishing this have a ring of authenticity about them . Aside from the pretty pictures , one could get a fair amount of inspiration and hints about good eating from this book.I suspect this book may have been done to fulfill some contractual agreements for a certain number of works between the publisher and the author . I give it two stars rather than one because of the entertainment value similar to the experience of watching a truly bad Ed Wood sci fi movie . Buy it if you like pictures of French chateau and can find it on the bargain pile for less than $ 10 . The $ 35 list price is a joke .
 Joseph Davies was US Ambassador to the USSR in 1936 . He was sent to the USSR by President Roosevelt to assess the situation in Moscow . While travelling to Russia he also stopped in various capitals to visit with other leaders in London , Paris , Germany , etc. . This is a rather sad book . Mr. Davies was clearly hoodwinked by Stalin . The book reads as a paean to the greater glories of Soviet syle communism . However , I recommend that any historian or student of the 1930s/1940s should read this book - this is why I give it a 3 star rating . The book is written in diary form . It contains very interesting passages of conversations that Davies had with Stalin , Molotov , Litvinov , Goring , etc. . His coverage of the military treason trials of 1936 are fascinating . This book was made into a pro-Soviet propoganda movie by Hollywood in the 1940s starring Walter Huston in the lead role . Roosevelt had to prepare and justify an alliance with the USSR - afterall US policy since the Revolution was to disparage all things Russian . The book and movie helped prepare the American people for that alliance - albeit short lived .
 In all my years of viewing movies , never have I encountered a film laced with such infamous falsehoods and distortions on a scale so huge , that until today I never believed a studio was capable .
 The photography in the book is great . I also liked the history on the breed . I was , however , disappointed by the minimal information in the book about the breed 's temperment , personality and the pluses and minuses of the breed . I was yearning for more information about this . The second half of the book is devoted to the typical puppy information that was very generic and has been written about in almost every dog book I 've read . Anne , next time give us more !!
 This book tells more about the history of the breed than the care and what to except when you adopt a TT . I really wanted to know more about the nature and personality and how to care for them . So I was disappointed . A breeder recommended Tibetian Terrier by Jane Reif . I may try that book .
 Given the rave reviews of others , I expected an absorbing , thought provoking read . I found instead a book riddled with cliches , superficial character development and a predictable conclusion . Having just read Ian McEwan 's Atonement , the contrast was dramatic . All That Matters would be a good fit for the condensed novel section of a traditional woman 's magazine . All That Matters is to fiction what Rod McEuan -LRB- Listen to the Warm -RRB- is to poetry . Why do I feel that Jan Goldstein is hoping to cash in big with this one ?
 I am a very picky reader . I spend hours combing through bookstores trying to find my next read . I read the first page of All That Matters and felt an immediate attachment to the story . I bought the book and brought it home . I read it in one sitting , waiting for the plot to become more complex , waiting for the tears or the joy to be pulled within me . Even at the end I never felt those emotions.Usually I feel an emotional attachment to the characters in the novels I read but something about the way Goldstein wrote All That Matters severed any emotional ties I had to this book.Goldstein 's overuse of adjectives and often cliched metaphors bothered me . In the writing classes I took in college I would often hear the phrase `` show do n't tell '' and this seems to be a lesson Goldstein has not learned . I wanted more emotional depth in these characters . I wanted more chaos . I wanted more description . Admittedly , having just read the most amazing book of my life -LRB- The Lovely Bones by Alice Sebold -RRB- my next read had a lot to live up to , but this book left too much lacking to be recommended.If you like a good tearjerker , this book has its moments , contrived as they may be . But if you 're looking for a book that will stay with you for months , even years to come , do not expect to find that in its pages . Gabby often urges Jennifer to find the gifts life has to offer in Goldstein 's novel . This book is not one of them .
 it 's kinda ok , but quite depressive . With the way the things are today , I do n't really want to read about other people 's suicide thoughts . But on the other hand , the book is well written and certainly well researched .
 This book gets a little better at the ending , but All that Matters is the story of a suicidal girl . Her mother has died and her grandmother is now trying to save her from herself as he last mission in life - it 's `` All that matters '' . Of course her relationship with her re-married father is none to be desired . However , I find her to be selfish , and ungreatful . I find her to be cruel to her grandmother and self-obsessed which is why I ca n't warm up to the story . The grandmother getting the boy to carry her on his back is just silly , and would never happen . The of course at the end you can tie it all up in a pretty bow even though this girl keeps trying to sneak off and kill herself . I mean , if she was going to do it she would have done it . It 's incredibly ridiculous . She keeps sending everyone on a wild goose chase , and you finally just want it to be over . The story starts to finally get better when she finally starts to act like a normal human , and not a self obsesses megalomaniac.Ah , but then it ends . Oh well ... i was glad it was over .
 Sorry - I try really hard to read every book I start , but I could not finish this one . I found it predictable , silly , and it was not compelling or skilled . The writing was amateurish .
 This book 's title and its thesis `` seem '' to suggest that it is all about the impact of people on politics , but in fact it is about feminism . The topic , feminism , is fine ; anything under disguise is not.It is not quite an academic book with logical arguments but rather a propaganda with a few claims that are appealing accompanied by loads of emotional examples exposing the unfairness of this world which do nothing to strengthen the previous claims .
 This books main failing is that it ends up with Pages of listings of the methods that you can use in Ant which is not really why one buys a book in my opinion . The book feels padded and does not have the feeling of a reference text that a team would use ; rather it is functional and dry . However , it does cover all the major aspects of Ant so it 's not a complete loss .
 I 'm giving this product one star , not because it 's that bad , but because there 's absolutely no reason to buy this version . The X Press edition of Chesnutt 's `` Marrow of Tradition '' -LRB- curiously shortened to Tradition -RRB- is an abridged version with no explanation for the reason for the editing or the choice of passages removed . In fact I had no idea that there were segments -LRB- just paragraphs and phrases -RRB- edited out until we happened to read a passage in class that just disappeared from my text.The editing does n't make it unreadable , and the majority of the story is there , but with plenty of other editions in print and available for the same price , there 's no reason to buy this one.Does not reflect on the quality of the novel itself ; great piece of classic American literature .
 It 's been said that the short story is a more difficult genre to master than the novel . Clearly that 's the case for Jeffrey Deaver . His novels , while not literary masterpieces by any means , at least hold the reader 's attention with reasonably intelligent and interesting plots . This collection of short stories , in contrast , is thoroughly predictable , in places laughably bad -LRB- eg , the story set in Shakespearean England and written in a ridiculous , ill-informed version of period language -RRB- , and mostly just downright boring . The stories are of the same caliber as you 'd find in a cheap mystery or horror magazine or anthology filled with the efforts of unknown writers . Unless you 're stuck on an airplane with nothing else to read , skip this one .
 I do n't believe that a writer wrote only one story and all others 15 were n't written by him and everybody says that is a good book and a good writer.All the stories are predictable and alike , if you read them all together at the end of the third one you will know the end of the rest of them only by reading the beginning , if you read these stories between books -LRB- one or two each time -RRB- may be you will enjoy the book , but maybe also you already read most of them before you read this book .
 I am a big fan of Jeffrey Deaver , I think he is very clever and original in his work , and deserves the readership that he has garnered over the last few years.Yet this collection did little for me . I tried to like the stories and they were at times ok , but I just found myself trying to guess the sting in each tale and not really relating to the story at all . The stories were not enough for me to get involved and to care about what was happening.This is for the ultra-serious Deaver fan , while others would do better to look at his Lincoln Rhyme series which are brilliant .
 I am a big fan of Jeffrey Deaver , I think he is very clever and original in his work , and deserves the readership that he has garnered over the last few years.Yet this collection did little for me . I tried to like the stories and they were at times ok , but I just found myself trying to guess the sting in each tale and not really relating to the story at all . The stories were not enough for me to get involved and to care about what was happening.This is for the ultra-serious Deaver fan , while others would do better to look at his Lincoln Rhyme series which are brilliant .
 It 's been said that the short story is a more difficult genre to master than the novel . Clearly that 's the case for Jeffrey Deaver . His novels , while not literary masterpieces by any means , at least hold the reader 's attention with reasonably intelligent and interesting plots . This collection of short stories , in contrast , is thoroughly predictable , in places laughably bad -LRB- eg , the story set in Shakespearean England and written in a ridiculous , ill-informed version of period language -RRB- , and mostly just downright boring . The stories are of the same caliber as you 'd find in a cheap mystery or horror magazine or anthology filled with the efforts of unknown writers . Unless you 're stuck on an airplane with nothing else to read , skip this one .
 I do n't believe that a writer wrote only one story and all others 15 were n't written by him and everybody says that is a good book and a good writer.All the stories are predictable and alike , if you read them all together at the end of the third one you will know the end of the rest of them only by reading the beginning , if you read these stories between books -LRB- one or two each time -RRB- may be you will enjoy the book , but maybe also you already read most of them before you read this book .
 Quotes are n't very inspirational or original and some do n't even seem very related to Teddy Bears . Also , most are from people I 've never heard of , which takes something away from them . The pictures are n't generally related to the quotes , and the book is n't as nice and &#34; miniature &#34; as I was hoping . Overall , not my best purchase ... That said , it was cheap .
 I enjoyed this book for it 's view into the cloistered life of a nun - pre-Vatican II era , but the problems I perceived from the author 's vocation seems to have resulted more from personality conflicts and clashes than anything . I could n't relate effectively to her plight and wondered why she stayed as long as she did . I was also bewildered by her declaration that she did n't believe in the resurrection of Christ . I 'm still scratching my head over that one since she obviously believed in the virgin birth -LRB- which requires alot of faith as well -RRB- and the divinity of Christ or else why the heck was she there in the first place ??? I think there was more going on in her head when she decided to leave the convent than she leads us to believe , especially considering her more recent books like The History of God . I think maybe one of the mother superiors in her book had it nailed when she said that karen had a problem with intellectual pride .
 WE ALL GO THROUGH JOURNIES IN LIFE , IT IS SAD SHEHAS LEFT THE CHURCH , AND EXPRESSES HER OPINION 'S IN SUCH A ONE SIDE WAY . WE ALL HAVE OUR PROBLEMS IN OUR CATHOLIC FAITH . READ THE BOOK , BUT REMEMBER THE CHURCH IS SO HUGE THAT ONE OPINION CA N'T FORM ANOTHER 'S
 Since the book is one of the more expensive Luna line books , I just wanted to throw my two cents in to hopefully save you some of YOUR hard earned money since I already wasted mine on this book.What started out as quirky and light , quickly turned terribly cheesy , goofy , implausible and over the top cliche ' with an almost nonexistent storyline about 80 pages in . It reads like teen fiction-and not in a good way . And yet again in the steadily disappointing Luna line-almost zero romance . Take my advice and skip this sad attempt .
 The mystery was almost non-existent . The answer occurred to me 3/4 of the book sooner than the heroine . The characters , however , were great fun and with a little better `` mystery '' could be really enjoyable .
 This book was incredibly boring and a struggle to read . I have read many , many books on Amish and Mennonites and this book was by far the worst . I made it to Chapter 3 and gave up , very glad I did n't have to pay for the e-book .
 This book is just okay . It seems that there was a lot missed during the editing process . I am glad that it was a free kindle book because I would have been disappointed if I had paid for it . A simple story with a slow plot . A bit hard to keep your interest but I finished it . Will remove from my library as I would n't reread it .
 I ordered this book hoping I would like it . I enjoy reading about the Amish , but found this book to be confusing to me . The Mennonites &#34; language and words &#34; are different . I could not get into reading it .
 This book felt like I was reading a book written by a sixth grader . The portrayal of the characters seamed unrealistic and staged . It felt like the writer had n't done any or very little interaction with the Mennonite community .
 Obviously in a field as large as mystery writing some limits had to be established to produce this relatively small book , somewhat longer than 200 pages . However , in this case the limits are so restrictive as to make this book of relatively little value to the mystery enthusiast.The book is organized alphabetically , with a section for each letter of the alphabet and an index . However , there is no section for X , and the sections for Y and Z are only a half-page each . The entries present are well written , but there are simply too few entries . For example , although the book 's title is `` Whodunit ?
 I enjoy Hillerman . I like the weaving of cultural information into fine mysteries . But what was he thinking with Hunting Badger ? That no one would notice that he shipped the book to his publisher without completing it ? It was the most frustrating Hillerman book I 've read . HE NEVER FINISHED THE BOOK . ALL KINDS OF STORY LINES ARE LEFT HANGING . The writing style is classic Hillerman , and wonderfully entertaining , but you expect a story to have an ending ! It was interesting that in the promo for his memoir -LRB- the publisher should have used the pages completing the story -RRB- , he refers to a book he wrote that had an inadequate ending . He quotes the publisher telling him `` we want to publish it if you can write a better last chapter . '' In Hunting Badger , Hillerman should have had as good a publisher .
 This is the first Hillerman story I 've read , so I understand that I 'm missing a bunch of background on the Chee and Leaphorn characters and my overall enjoyment might be hindered . However , of the 350 pages or so of this book , at least 50 could be eliminated due to the repetitive writing . The same bits of story being told two or even three times for no apparent reason . I found myself wondering , again and again , if I had already gone over something only to realize that yes , I had!I am all for a story languidly and specifically unwinding toward its conclusion , as this one does . I think , however , that it needs to be done with some forward momentum and it needs to be able to maintain a certain level of interest for the reader . The writing here is weak and the story , not just obvious , is really just kind of boring.I am looking forward to trying out another title in Hillerman 's canon with better results .
 I think I have read everything Hillerman has written . Hunting Badger , is , at least in my opinion , his worst work . We already know Chee , Leaphorn and the other staple characters . Very disappointingly , Hunting Badger has no character development of the antagonists , no suspenseful plot and no real conclusion . This book seems to me to be a `` My editors want another book . '' piece . I look forward to additional Hillerman books with hope that he will again do his usual interesting charatcer development as well as geographically detailed work . But , as far as Hunting Badger goes , miss it . It is n't very good . jbd
 Even for a light , unchallenging reading experience , I found this work to be disappointing . On the one hand , the plot is original , with unexpected twists . However , the story is somwhat flat and bland , with weakly drawn characters . Hillerman 's much - vaunted knowledge of Native American culture here provides only a superficial gloss.A particular problem is that the book is very poorly edited , and replete with typographical errors and other editing mistakes . For example , main character Jim Chee is referred to as `` Cree '' ; his love interest Bernadettee Manuelito is referred to as `` he '' ; we get sloppy mistakes like `` It you see '' -LRB- rather than `` If you see ... '' -RRB- ; `` Leaphorn had starting -LRB- sic -RRB- thinking about ... '' What 's more , some conversations are redundant with those occurring earlier in the book . A few errors appear to have been corrected in a later edition.Given size of the text and blank pages between chapters , this is at best a novelette . Harper Collins should be ashamed at having published such a brief and unfinished work at the exorbitant price of 26 dollars . Readers deserve much better . However , fans of Tony Hillerman 's western novels will not want to miss this work , as it does demarcate ongoing changes in the main characters ' lives . Readers new to Hillerman 's work are advised to avoid this novel in favor of his earlier work .
 The characters are familiar to Hillerman fans and the plot and story are good enough for a decent read . But publishing houses obviously do not proof read books any longer . There are numerous typos that distract the reader .
 A major disappointment for Hillerman fans . The type is large and the page format designed to make little appear to be a lot - it DOES N'T ! Tony should be embarrassed to offer a minor effort like this to his long term fans .
 I have read all of Hillerman 's work and this was one of his weakest . It did seem like he was just going through the motions . It was particularly weak on the Navajo culture that is usually fascinating and the reason I read him .
 i am a long time fan of tony hillerman but this one has tested my loyalty . no question that it was abysmally edited but has anyone stopped to puzzle out where the villain at the end managed to get his truck loaded with the missing money since he 's hardly had time to arrive and shoot up his partners . hillerman must have been working on a bad batch of peyote . harper collins should be ashamed of themselves
 Tony Hillerman is a great American author . His Jim Chee / Joe Leaphorn mysteries have introduced me to the Navajo culture and the American southwest , about which I knew little before I began to read his books . Therefore , I was very disappointed to discover that Hillerman 's most recent book , `` Hunting Badger '' , is far below his usual standards . I read the book before coming to this site , and I agree with the many criticisms posted by other reviewers . What I would like to add is my concern that two or more reviewers stated that `` Hunting Badger '' is the first Hillerman book they have read and it will be the last . They do n't know what they 're missing ! `` Hunting Badger '' is in need of better editing , plot strengthening , more character development ... and an ending !
 Tony Hillerman is my favorite author . I re-read his earlier books while waiting for the next in the series to arrive . I visited Navajo Country just to be near the land and people he brings so completely to life . Hunting Badger made me fear that there will soon be no additions to the stories of Jim Chee and Joe Leaphorn . Much of the plot seems calculated to tie up loose ends , to settle story lines . I read that Mr. Hillerman has been ill , and that he recently lost a beloved brother . I hope he is n't contemplating retirement . Please , Mr. Hillerman , send Jim and Joe to us again soon .
 I 've been a fan of the Hillerman series for many years , but Hunting Badger represents a great disappointment . I only hope that most new readers begin with another book in the series -- any other would do . Also , why name a book after the villain if you 're not going to confront or even glimpse him in the book ? I felt as though Hillerman simply got tired and quit before he wrote the final chapters . Lots of typos and poor editing throughout . Maybe he had a falling-out with the publisher .
 I received this book , which I 'd anxiously awaited , for Christmas , and was disappointed . Weakly plotted , not Mr. Hillerman 's best effort .
 Mr. Hillerman should at least get the facts straight in his author 's note ! Officer Dale Claxton was murdered on May 29 , 1998 not May 4 . Disjointed and poorly proofread , this novel is at least a short one . I find it unfortunate that Mr. Hillerman uses the tragic incident in Cortez as the basis for a diatribe against the FBI .
 I think it may be time for Mr. Hillerman to end this series of novels . I 've read them all , but the most recent books , including this one , just do n't measure up to the earlier stories . Leaphorn and Chee -LRB- and the FBI -RRB- are becoming caricatures . I think this series has run its course .
 Tony Hillerman 's Hunting Badger was the 412th book I have read since 1997 -LRB- I am keeping track -RRB- . It is also the first and last I will ever read by this author . I finish everything I read , regardless of it 's content , but this one was a struggle . Maybe if I had some of the background other readers have had with this author , I would have enjoyed it . But it is my contention that a good book can be picked up anywhere , at any point in the story , even within a series , and be enjoyed , even gripping . This story falls way short of that . In fact , I did n't keep the character 's straight very well , I hardly followed the plot line , and I struggled to put it all together . I found Joe Leaphorn seriously unlikely , and the other characters bland and without taste . Even the scenario descriptions of Navajo country were disappointing , because I know how beautiful it really is . And of course , the editing was so atrocious I found myself wanting to grade it , and I 'm not even a teacher . I do n't think there was much Mr. Hillerman could have done to ameliorate his efforts , though , the whole idea behind the plot was not interesting . In all fairness , I 'm willing to concede that if I was a fan of the series I may have gotten more out of this read . However , I do n't plan on buying the series or any of the books in it to find out .
 This was my first Hillerman book , but I do n't know if I will be trudging my way through another . As a fan of the modern detective/crime genre , I thought it would be great to happen upon another prolific author . Instead , I found myself mired down in the multiple characters introduced in the first 100 pages or so , even going so far as to skip whole passages . My attention just was not grabbed , let alone held . I may try another of his books , as several of the reviews indicate this is not one of the author 's best , but I 'd recommend John Sandford 's `` Prey '' series or one of Johnathan Kellerman 's great Delaware novels long before this one .
 This is not actually a review ; its a question . I have Harper Torch soft cover edition . On page 318 the story just ends without tellin the reader what happened to the Badger aka Ironhand . Am I missing something here ? If there is another reader who can set me straight , I 'd be grateful . My copy just seems to end and then there is a promo for Hillerman 's Memoir .
 The photo of the author on the book jacket might be more appropriate , if in it , the author were speaking into a telephone . Because Hillerman is just phoning it in , as he has for most of his more recent novels . Missing are the picturesque detailed descriptions of the southwestern landscape , the lessons in indigenous plant life and geology . The small amount of Navajo mythology , lavishly described in previous novels , leaves much to be desired in Hunting Badger . The characters are already developed and much of the plot is spent going over old ground.Even the layout artist is phoning it in . The back of the book jacket contains the headline from the previous book jacket , '' Praise for the First Eagle '' , Hillerman 's last book . -LRB- Was this because there was no praise for Hunting Badger ? -RRB- The plot is OK . But the editing is atrocious . On one page Officer Bernadette Manuelito is referred to as `` him '' , along with one or two other glaring typos . All on the same page ! How could the editor miss these , unless he/she were phoning it in , too ? Hillerman is in love with the adjective `` wry '' , as in wry grin , wry look , wry smile , wry face , rye bread . If I had a dollar for every time Hillerman uses wry , this overworked and often inappropriate adjective , I could afford to retire . Microsoft Word 's Thesaurus suggests some alternate adjectives that Hillerman can use in his next novel to spare his readers the annoying and distracting repetitious use of this term
 I 'll preface this with the statement that I 'm a HUGE Hillerman fan , and have never been disappointed by his novels to any degree , and I 've read all of the Navajo series , and Saving Moon . This story strikes me as unpolished and poorly edited , almost as though Mr. Hillerman was under undue pressure to get the book finished . I encountered with awe what appeared to be a rewrite of a conversation between Chee and Leaphorn -LRB- regarding coal mining sites -RRB- . The conversations were repeated within 30 pages of each other -LRB- clearly as if they had n't already discussed it -RRB- with only minor changes ! There was a typo referring to Chee as Cree , and most dismaying , both Chee and Leaphorn seemed to be so weakly drawn that anyone picking up this book without having read the others could not possibly appreciate the great intelligence , honour and warmth both of these characters have always exhibited . I would welcome changes reflecting the natural progression of their ages and experiences , but in Hunting Badger they appear slow , insecure , dense and vague.If this is a case of publisher pressure
 This is my first Hillerman book , and it will also be my last . I put it down after enduring 125 pages . I am not sure what the problem was , but it never really grabbed hold of me . The book seemed to just meander along without any real bite .
 It 's possible that I 'm missing something , but I did n't find this book engaging or enjoyable . -LRB- I 'm told that _ The Marrow Of Tradition _ , also by Chesnutt , is much better . -RRB- Chesnutt does do a good job of exaggerating and parodying the tropes of late 1800s sentimental fiction , but the contemporary reader is likely to find these a bit hackneyed . Few if any of the characters are sympathetic , the action seems forced , and the ending is disappointing both literally and thematically . That said , it 's unclear that Chesnutt could have ended the book any other way , and there are some subtle details that push against the prevailing mores of the time . Watch especially the conversation between John and Judge Straight , and the comparative lack of retribution for John 's life choices as compared to Rena 's . If you 're interested in late 1800s stories of race passing by African-American authors that provide a heavy-handed moral , try Frances Harper or Pauline Hopkins -LRB- or the other Chesnutt mentioned above , though I have n't read it myself -RRB- -- if you want to see this exact same plot arc done so much better -LRB- and with the same moral ! -RRB- in 1850 , read Frank J. Webb 's _ The Garies And Their Friends . _ There are plenty of scholarly reasons to read this book , but if you do n't have one and are looking for entertainment or personal enlightenment , I 'd point you away from this book and toward _ The Garies _ .
 not really worth it . it is the script for movie and the movie was n't that goodwhy do you need to add a specific amount of words ? less can be better , especially in a review
 As of today , I have not received this book . According to the tracking number , 3 weeks ago , it was in a small post office in Maryland . I was told by a local post office , that the post office in Maryland does not ship until several items were being mailed to our post office in Culpeper , VA. . Needless to say , our grandson has been very disappointed and well as me . This makes me not want to order any more items .
 i love the warrior series but am really annoyed by the fact that there is a reacorring glitch in this book . some of the ends of sentances are replaced but text like this :-LRB- . arrowhoriez -RRB- as i said it got on my nerves and ment not all of the book made senseplease fix this so me and other readers can truly apperciate this book .
 i am in absoloute love with the series but this book was appalling . the best was when a tree fell on a cat ! there is something to be said about that . thankfully i went on to read the rest of the series and the rest were amazing . but dont use this book to judge the rest of the series . the book is okay i mean u need it for the rest of the series .
 Poor editing ... I cant even read this book because it says -LSB- . arrowhoriez -RSB- after every sentence . i saw a review from 2009 that said the same thing and I see it still hasnt been fixed . . now that 's poor costumer service . I called the amazon kindle help number and they said only the publisher cam fix it . The guy said it could take a while to fix it . I am just going to buy the real book . So sad I cant read the book . :'-LRB- but the part I read was good though ... I got to like chapter 6ish and it 's really intense and you got ta read it but if you decideto read it get the real book NOT the kindle version . P.S. the maps on the kindle are impossible to read also . .
 I 've really enjoyed reading the book , but the frequent spelling/word errors are starting to distract from my experience . At one point , Hawkfrost says he 's Thunderclan instead of Riverclan ... ugh ... and various other grammar mistakes . Plus , the characterizations are beginning to run together . Oh . . and do n't even get me started on things being mentioned that are completely ignored as though they are never said for books and books . At first , I put it off as
 I bought this book on a recent trip to Venice hoping it would capture some of the magic of the city and go deeper into some of the city 's appealing mystery . Unfortunately , the author 's lack of ability to develop the characters in her stories meant that I never felt the door to the city really opening.The author DOES have a way with plot . She has interesting stories to tell , most of which I assume are culled from her personal experience living in Venice for so many years.However , the stories never really come to life . I agree with another reviewer that her characters are the problem . Rylands disobeys the first rule of creative writing
 I picked up this book after reading John Berdendt 's book on Venice and Jane Turner Rylands ' book paled in comparison . She captured some colorful characters in her book , the writing is lively , but that 's all she does , captures the characters . I realize the short stories are short stories but these character snapshots feel incomplete - more like a bit of poetry .
 Where is the passion , the color and the life ? These bland stories paint a very pale picture of Venice - the city and people are never brought clearly to life . This book was a big disappointment for me .
 I read the original 1985 hardcover edition . This is Lingis ' second book . He compares six male French existentialists on the phenomenological and postphenomenological approaches on our erotic lives , the relation of the self to the other
 There is perhaps no bigger waste of time than reading about spirituality from a journalist with little serious interest in his subject . I ca n't blame the author who admits in the title that he is just a `` tourist '' in the spiritual realm and I am not against some healthy skepticism in approaching this subject , but it seems to do this subject justice you must actually live , not just visit , the spiritual path with some sincerity for some time in order to recommend or criticize . Without a doubt some of the teachers and gurus he visits are easy marks for some cheap shots , but that 's what they feel like -- cheap shots done for the sake of entertainment , not insightfulness . The amount of time spent on Theosophy and Mr.Creme is baffling given their relevant lack of importance today .
 From the cover I thought this was going to be fairly entertaining , but it was mushy , tedious , and lacking in any serious thought . I found the array of characters Brown meets more pitiful than spiritual . Not worth the money .
 Oops . Having read through 120 + pages ... Clustering as explained in this book was still a mystery -- making learning MSCS difficult . The Microsoft Cluster Server Administrator 's Guide -LRB- included on the Enterprise CD -RRB- does a much better job through and through . By page 3 in the Administrator 's Guide -- you get it . On the bright side , the author does explain how to execute administrative tasks well and there is a section for Clustering SQL and Exchange .
 Was this book edited ? I think the publisher should be ashamed . If you can slog through the grammatical errors , typos and generally poor writing , you might find this book interesting . However , given that it appears to have been unedited , and given that folks in-the-know have pointed out technical inaccuracies to me , I would n't take anything written in this book as the gospel truth . It did raise some interesting questions that I will research.I will think twice before buying a book from this publisher again .
 it was okay but very monotonous . The author said the same thing over and over again just filled in different names each chapter
 Dull , uninspiring , dreary . The book is a textbook and unfortunately knows it . It has a round about way of explaining simple concepts and lack any insight or possibility that the subject we are dealing with is anything else than a drag . Its a textbook , you get what you expect .
 After about 50 pages , I thought this book was pretty entertaining , but that notion did n't last . While I was reading this I kept getting the urge to go off and play an RPG -LRB- role playing game -RRB- because that 's basically what this book is . A group of four adventurers goes on a few quests and leaves a heap of bodies in their wake . There was way too much carnage per page - the problem is n't that it 's violent , but that people are just dying left and right and it does n't mean anything . There is almost an irreverent attitude towards death . This entire land must get depopulated in a month at the rate things are going in this book . The other main fault I found is that the characters are way too stereotypical - the warrior is dumber than a rock and basically wants to kill everything he does n't understand . The author also jumps around a lot , often awkwardly . A whole bunch of wizards will get vaporized two pages after being introduced for the first time , and you do n't know who they are anyway so you do n't care if they died.On the plus side , the action sequences are entertaining , but you just have to ask yourself why you should care about anyone . I did n't find myself forming any attachments to the characters or hatred for any particular enemies . It 's just not a good story , and I do n't plan to read the other books in the series .
 If it were possible to give negative stars I would do so for this poorly written farce . I 've never read Ed Greenwood before , but he has the MOST ludicrious style of writing -- it 's akin to some sort of drunken Shakespearean ramble , the way he throws in `` henceforth '' `` anon '' and every other word that makes fantasy readers ' eyes roll . It does n't seem like anyone edited this book , because the sentences do n't even make sense . The descriptions are horrible and the way he writes about his female lead sound like a pubescent boy 's fantasy -LRB- clingly , wet clothes , etc -RRB- . UGH ! I ca n't even keep the action straight because Greenwood has to use so many adjectives . Greenwood 's habit of throwing randomly scary and deadly beasts/perils on our protagonists every other sentence is absurd . I have never read a fantasy book so poorly written and with such a pointless , mindless plot . Books like this give the fantasy genre a bad name . DO N'T READ IT !
 The Kingless Land is the second Greenwood novel I 've read and it suffers from the same failings as Spellfire the first one I tried . They both read like the transcript of a particularly bloody game of Dungeons and Dragons , with the motley group of heroes : - Thief , Mage , Knight and healer ; being dumped in a series of relentless confrontations with assorted mystical and mundane foes . Fight follows fight with little rationale or explanation . When you get to a point where you could reasonably expect a breathing space for character building or plot , Greenwood skips it and teleports his hapless crew of good guys directly to the next bone crunching , gut spilling combat scene . It 's really a book for the X-box generation , if you want a non stop spell slinging , sword swinging blood bath then this is the book for you . If you want characterisation and plot then there are definitely better authors to be found.On the back cover Margaret Weiss is quoted as saying : - `` Ed Greenwood is a master of Fantasy adventure world building . His magic and wizardry are wondrous to all '' . I ca n't agree it 's generic , derivative and far too frenetic to be really good .
 I am a big fan of the fantasy genre and have read many authors of many different styles . Mr. Greenwood is barely an author . To say there is little plot to his book is an understatement . I used to game with a number of players where one of them kept notes of our gaming session . The next time we came together to game , he would recap what occurred the last time we played . Mr. Greenwood apparently has this down to an art form . His book reads exactly like a D&D gaming session . I ca n't think of anything more boring than reading about someone else 's D&D adventures . This is what it feels like to wade through The Kingless Land . I can summarize the book in one sentence . Action , action , action , minor annoying plot point , action , action , action minor annoying plot point . If you are , say , under the age of 13 and you can suspend your disbelief enough to enjoy a story where the main characters are beaten , brutalized , fried , beaten and brutalized again over a month period , in which they do not sleep or rest , then this book is for you . But for those fans of fantasy that are more discerning , by all means stay away .
 I 'm a recent transplant to the fantasy genre , having arrived via the Lord of the Rings movies , thence the books by JRR Tolkien . Hungry for some heroic fantasy-adventure , I bought a bunch of books with interesting covers . Sadly , this series is too mindless even for me . Since it is a series founded in video games , I suppose I have nothing to complain about . The Band of 4 is interesting enough , and they manage to plunge into one pointless adventure after another where they use magic to extricate themselves . Failing that , someone with greater magic comes along and rescues them . Without realizing its foundation , I thought the book much like a video game , where players advance from one level to the next to confront different hazards and a multitude of villains . In fact , this book has so many villains , it should have a playbook , not that most of the bad guys are distinguishable from one another . They exist only to cause mayhem for the heroes . But if you like your reading so shallow that the author should be accused of causing a creative drought , this might well be the series for you .
 This book is full of action , adventure , and magic , so much that it seems as if it were lifted straight from a D&D campaign . Unfortunately , that does n't make for a very good book in my opinion . The characters do ridiculous things , seeming at times like they were taken from a 14 year-old 's hormone-driven fantasies . It is a fast read -- you should be able to finish it in a weekend -- and it certainly does n't require much thought . If that is the kind of book you are looking for then by all means read it , I doubt you will be disappointed . However , there are other books out there that have those qualities -LRB- action , adventure , magic -RRB- but are much more interesting to read -LRB- anything written by David Eddings or Raymond Feist , for example -RRB- . I gave it two stars because the book is n't unbearable to read , it 's just not very interesting . Also , I do n't think Mr. Greenwood was trying to write a masterpiece and I imagine it is popular among its target readers .
 I 've read almost all of Ed Greenwoods works and I really have to say that this series wins the cake on the worst one yet . It starts out with promise but the further you get in the book the more it seems to insult your intelligence . The main characters mainly go through this one and the next two just fighting an endless host of people with swords and magic . Through pure luck they continually win and if they get beat someone comes along and saves them at the last minute . There is really no plot development and it gets way too mind numbing . I made the mistake of reading the next two out of boredom and kept hoping that something would happen . IT NEVER DID !!! Even if you love Ed Greenwood please avoid this series .
 This was a disappointing read . On par with fanfiction at its most mediocre even down to some very overused phrases . The plot was choppy , the action muddy and the premise predictable .
 I 've read some of Ed Greenwood 's other work , with mixed feelings . His Dragonlance book on Huma was pretty good , so I always try him again when I run out of other things to read.Unfortunately , this one has finished me ... I 'll stay away from Greenwood here on out . This book jumped around so much I could n't keep things straight . The characters , while they had a chance to help the story , are not developed , and when they are there are inconsistencies . I like the story itself -LRB- the only reason I continued reading after 50 pages -RRB- but it 's not enough for me to recommend this book to anyone .
 I have enjoyed Jayne 's older novels like `` Wildest Hearts '' and `` Trust Me , '' but her more recent books have been plot driven without likeable characters . I especially do n't recommend spending $ 25.00 for a hardback . Wait for the paperback or better yet , check it out of your local library . I already donated my copy .
 With apologies to the author and her fans , of which I happen to be one . If Amazon provided a way to review audio books separately from the paper kind , I 'd rate this CD a grudging `` 1 . '' The 2 is based on the safe assumption than the book itself would have rated at least a 4 . I devour audio books in the car , and this is the first one I 've ever ejected -LRB- and rejected -RRB- without making it to the third chapter.Kathy Garver 's little-girl voice makes it hard to envision the heroine as an adult . She 'd be fine narrating audio books for very young children , but for a suspense novel , she 's simply laughable.I would probably have grown accustomed to Garver 's delivery and kept listening , if the male lead had sounded remotely professional , and if the director/producer had n't disrupted the flow of the narrative with a ham-handed attempt at having one actor interrupt the other to insert his lines.This was so unlistenable , I can only assume that somebody 's friends or relatives were in need of acting jobs . Fine for them , but I 'm out 30 + bucks.If you enjoy audio books , do yourself and Jayne Ann Krentz a favor
 This reminded me of a Nancy Drew story in which Nancy gets laid , more than once . If this seems vulgar , then prepare yourself for a big surprise if you read this book . Contrived `` in the nick of time '' encounters hobble the already weak suspense , and stereotypes abound . You 'll be happier with some James Lee Burke .
 `` Not Quite Dead Enough '' is the worst of Stout 's Nero Wolfe stories . To quote Wolfe himself , -LRB- minor spoiler -RRB- the solution was `` the silliest idea in the history of crime , '' and the actions of a couple of other major characters are almost as preposterous .
 For some readers , `` Not Quite Dead Enough '' could be a huge turn off from Wolfe novels . Written during the war , it is understandable that people held a grudge against Germans . But Stout goes much further.To let you fully appreciate the stance surfacing in `` Not Quite Dead Enough '' I have to cite an interview Stout did with the New York Times Magazine of January 17 , 1943 . He says
 I ordered this book for my son as he had a book report due on an historical biography . My son is a very reluctant reader and as it was rather lengthy , I offered to read some pages and he could read some pages aloud to me . History is a fascinating subject , but Barbara Ford has reduced Paul Revere 's life and contribution to so tedious an excercise , I could n't even stay interested . The book has too many characters and it is difficult to remember who they are and what they did . Ford uses terms such as `` whig '' and `` tories '' and `` regulars '' , without much explanation as to what those terms mean . In chapter six , Ford says , `` As Revere helped carry John Hancock 's trunk away from the tavern , he heard the first shot of the American Revolution '' . She does n't indicate here why Revere secured John Hancock 's trunk , what was in the trunk , or why that was important . She does go on to say that the trunk survived and is currently on display at the Worcester Historical Museum in Massachusettes . So ? What was in the trunk ? There is no definitive timeline , except in the chronology at the end of the book . There is no sense of the drama of being a country at war . The characters have no personalities . The battles have no interest . The book makes no effort to engage the young reader at any level .
 If you want to be put in a bad mood , then read this book . I 've had the book for a few weeks now and I still have n't found one funny joke . The author of this book must be the guy at the party that drives you crazy with tons of jokes that are not funny . I highly recommend that this book be destroyed . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 These jokes are the worst ! Not even good for a courtesy laugh ! Do not waste your money on this lame collection of unfunny jokes with a few four letter words thrown in to call them `` dirty '' .
 This `` joke '' book is so bad , the author would n't put his name on it ! You would have to be from India or Utah to think any of these jokes were funny .
 The jokes in this book are not only unfunny , they are not worthy of actually being called jokes . I have flipped through many of the pages in search of a good laugh and have n't found anything remotely close . I rarely post reviews . Out of curiosity I looked up this book on Amazon and saw someone posted 5 stars.This person is clinically insane.I am _ that _ driven to post just to bring the average rating down . You will get more laughs with your seven dollars by renting Les Miserables .
 I have a hard time understanding why there are so many positive reviews here . This book is nothing but fluff . If you are anything more than a newbie , it 's got nothing and if you 're a complete newbie there 's just enough information to be dangerous . She promises periodically that more information will be given about actually growing certain plants , but that information is never forthcoming.It 's full of personal anectdotes that have little to do with the topic at hand , the tone is condescending and she encourages the use of poisons . She anthropomorphizes plants in an embarrassing way , telling a story about a poisonous plant she accidentally purchased as if it had a personal vendetta against her and her family . Her attitude toward plants goes beyond respect into something slightly off-kilter . The book is good for a giggle . If you must read it , make sure you have a firm grasp of both gardening and herbal magic first . Otherwise you could well follow this lady into lala land .
 While I may be new to wiccan books and the academic study of wicca I am very much familiar with gardening and my spiritual connection with the earth . I have always used my gardening to commune with the forces of nature and the sentient beings of this planet . This book gave the impression of being about two of my favorite subjects . Also , the cover of this book is quite beautiful , evoking feelings of enchantment and mystery . In reality a more appropriate cover would have been a silly cartoon witch , flying on her broom , with a big silly grin . If that 's your thing more power to you ! However , I found this book to be nearly useless and often idiotic . I appreciated the few sections where she managed to give the reader REAL tools and methods for the garden witch but the majority of this book was utter FLUFF ! The author is obnoxiously chatty , subjecting us with story after mundane story of her family and their , in my opinion , AWFUL approach to gardening and magick . Firstly , by using synthetic fertilizers and pesticides she violates the rule of harming none . If anyone finds this to be an overly judgemental , harsh , and or extreme view point I think a review of the state of our planet and agricultural system is in order . I take my role as a witch in service to this planet SERIOUSLY ! Especially now because our treatment of our earth is completely out of balance . Ellen mentions next to nothing of the pressing matters facing us and how our gardening can be a force of good or harm!My second issue with the book and author , while rather unimportant , is no less annoying . Her approach to ritual and the use of decoration is CHEEZY ! Kitchy halloween cloth and silly scarecrows are not my thing . I 'm writing this for anyone that may feel as I do . Save your money and if it IS your thing more power to you . I 'm very grateful this only cost me a trip to the library .
 I 'm rating this the same as the Cottage Witchery book by the same author . I suppose it is nice for someone dabbling in Pagan faiths , very basic with some introduction . I thought it was a written a bit condescendingly and I have a problem with all of the rhyming spells . It is very distracting .
 I was very excited when I found this book . Gardening and Wicca - what could be better !?! Obviously , quite a bit could be better . I was very , very disappointed and quite honestly very disturbed that a self-proclaimed practicing witch condones the use of pesticides and chemicals . Excuse me , but what happened to `` HARM NONE '' ? Anyone with an elementary knowledge of nature knows that any chemicals and pesticides used in the garden kill bees -LRB- an extremely vital link in our ecological chain -RRB- , not to mention other beneficial insects . After one season of being plagued with squash beetles , she gave up and used chemicals !?!? What does that teach anyone ? If you truly want to be in balance with nature , you must be a purist or at the very least practicing organic methods -LRB- beware some organic products harm bees too -RRB- . There are ways to save your crops and not damage the environment . The great wise women and men of old did n't have Miracle-Gro and bug spray . Please . They learned to live in balance with nature and let nature help them .
 This book actually pokes on Henry 's contemporaries and describes series of events which will eventaully lead to a horrendous headache to be suffered by the reader . On the other hand , Fielding 's Tom Jones is a delight and must n't be missed at any cost ! This book is a total waste , though !
 I have the Institutes and I have read with careful atention Calvin ` s Doctrine of Salvation . He teaches pretty well some christian truths . He uses the bible and the church fathers , but when Calvin gives his -LRB- or Luther ` s -RRB- peculiar teachings , he shows how unchristian his doctrine really is by NOT quoting a single NT text or church father to support what is nothing more than an heretic view . Just to give an example
 The book communicates well but the errors in the book get to be distracting very quickly . There are 15 pages of errata on the author 's web site . People learning a new subject can only trust the author and depend upon each and every written word . In this case only to find that the author violates that trust . Who needs this type of headache?If you are going to publish books with this many errors why do n't you publish your home phone number with the book so you can correct the mistakes for each of us when we find them?This is not an acceptable level of professionalism to me . Do it well or do something else !
 I read this book prior to sitting the exam , then used some other exam simulation software and felt a little bewildered because I thought I must have been missing something , somewhere . Then I read the Sybex book on the same certification and and it all made sense.While I think this may have been a good book a while back , sadly it is out of date and best left on the shelf .
 First , this book is out of date . Second , the practice questions are way too easy . Overall , not that great , but the only thing available on this subject .
 This book really lacks the substance needed to pass the Test . Its poorly organized and not recommended . The best way to do well is to go to web-sites and read stuff and buy Sun 's publications .
 This book was good during it 's time , but now it is outdated . The book is designed for SCWCD 1.3 , and did a great job covering all the topics . However , Sun Microsystem discontinued SCWCD 1.3 on December 2004 . So , if you are like me , disappointed with head first books and looking to be certified as fast as possible , do yourself a favor and buy the second edition of this book . You wo n't regret it .
 I just printed this book 's errata , which is 14 pages long . Then I took a pencil and tried to correct all the errors in the book - well at least all the errors that are mentioned in the errata.While this is probably the best book available to get ready for the SCWCD exam ,14 pages of errata is a lot . This book if full of errors and should be recalled.I completely lost my trust in the publisher -LRB- Manning -RRB- and do n't consider them anymore when buying books.Go and get an O'Reilly book - they actually do review 'em - even before they go to print .
 I rely on this news organization for much of my market info , so I expected a lot more out of this book than is there.This book is the cotton candy of financial books
 I bought this book with high expectations since I truly enjoy the insite and writing skills of Thom Calandra . However , though there were some interesting stories , the book lacked any real substance . It appeared as though Mr. Gelsi took some old columns and threw them together and said to Mr. Calandra , `` Let 's get this printed , call it a book , give it a catchy title and we can make some money from the gullible public who trust in CBS Marketwatch . '' There was significant repetition and very little exploration of the motives and thought processes behind the profiled investors.I do n't recommend this book , ... shallow picture of a few individuals and investing clubs small triumphs and failures in the last two years stock market .
 Superficial and quite short , this is merely an overpriced series of magazine articles bound together . Sy Harding 's `` Riding the Bear '' gives market history and info that will make everyone a much better investor . This marketwatch book will not make anyone a better investor . Avoid !
 What a disappointingly dated book . i am amazed that amazon is selling this . Had i realized it was this old , I would not have bought it .
 There is some good information in this book -LRB- like the crystal countdown -RRB- . But most seemed mindless and I found more than a few factual errors . It seems as if i am only the only one who disliked this book , so I just had to put my two cents in .
 While the book have the basic stuff just fine , and contains some other not original but very good basic technices , I find it too basic , even for beginners . The book have some major annoing stuff like the babbling about history , the authors have tried to connect everything to older traditions , but it all sounds like fairy tales we all heard before ... Not up to date and new elightning facts that makes us say wow.As for beginners , there are other good books that contain alot more info , better written and are alot more fun to learn from .
 Laurie Cabot is an entertaining person . She has been the Official Witch of Salem for ages , she operates one of the largest Witchcraft stores in the area , and she has been featured on several television shows . She also heads her own coven . So please understand that I 'm not suggesting the woman is n't experienced in her own way.My issue with Ms. Cabot 's book -LRB- s -RRB- is that they feature a heavy dose of her own version of `` history '' -- of which she credits the bulk to past-life regression . She sets this version of history as the foundation of her own witchcraft tradition * even when it contradicts anthropological evidence . Also , she is a proponent of the Great Goddess theory , which basically states that the first religion was a goddess-centered matriarchy . Some of the reasons she gives for this are a little bizarre , such as suggesting that the ancient people believed women were magical vessels for new life -LRB- because they did n't understand that sex = baby , despite being agriculturally based societies -RRB- . This disjoined theme of presenting information runs the course of this book and , although lighter in some areas than others , remains too thick for my liking.Attempts are made to validate the practice of witchcraft through personal stories and anecdotes from Ms. Cabot 's own past . She recounts one story in which she did not have enough money to pay for lunch , so she and her daughter -LRB- than a child -RRB- did some positive thinking and a $ 10 bill blew on to their table . I have no problem with cute stories like this , but there are way too many -- almost to the point of being filler.Possibly the most useful section of this book is the chapter on meditation , however it is only a chapter and much better books exist that are devoted to the subject . ** A bulk of the book is devoted to a description of ` witchcraft ' that is distinctly Wicca-inspired with some esoteric practices tossed in . There is also the obligatory section about the Wheel of the Year , holidays , the always popular ` burning times ' , etc.If you have no problems with other religions and/or you come from a pantheistic view on the topic , Ms. Cabot 's abrasive tone when discussing other faiths -LRB- especially Christianity -RRB- may be a turn-off . It was to me.All in all , this is n't a book I 'd recommend to people seeking to learn about witchcraft as a vocational practice or in part of a religious setting . Remember that Ms. Cabot blazed her own tradition and this book is a description of that , first and foremost . If you are going to buy it anyway , take it with a truckload of salt and do n't forget to seek out other source material for your comparison . I 'd recommend Marian Green 's `` A Witch Alone . '' * The Cabot Tradition , which is both a religion and a practice . ** `` 8 Minute Meditation , '' Victor Davich -- great for beginners !
 This was one of the first books I picked up when I first started studying the Craft , right along with Wicca
 Because of good marketing , Lauurie Cabot is probably one of the best known witches in North America , but this book , which seems to exist solely for Cabot to toot her own horn , is proof that fame does not equate with wisdom.Now I will say that the section on how to slip into an ` alpha ' state for meditation is excellent , and has never failed me . And it may be that my view is somewhat colored by her self promotion and the environmentally unfriendly marketing of her shop in Salem Mass , a wiccan should know better than to wrap purchases in non-biodegradable green plastic , that just looks pretty . But the book is full of massive generalities that still manage to be wrong.For example
 I expected great things from Cabot 's books . I was let down . I did not care for her writing style , nor did I find her information moving or educational . I am genuinely surprised that so many people find Cabot to be a literary value . I just do n't see it . I would not recommend Cabot 's works to anyone interested in paganism or witchcraft .
 This is quite possibly up there in the top 10 of all time rubbish books on Witchcraft.Laurie Cabot claims to be the Official Witch of Salem and an ordained High Priestess descending fro Celtic ancestry . Dave Lee Roth in gothic drag is closer to the truth.My hackles were first raised by the quoting of the fictional work `` Mists of Avalon '' as a source - I thought maybe Cabot had borrowed some of the poetry from within the book but as I found no evidence of this I can only presume she considers it a valid reference book.Further on the author refers to her style of dress as `` traditional witch clothing '' , by which she means a black cape and a pentacle - and I thought she just wore it to make money out of visiting tourists ! . Cabot then goes on to insult those people who follow a pagan path without practicing magic as `` whitelighters '' , a term she uses for those who `` only '' do spiritual and devotional work . She also states that witches invented `` language , writing , metallurgy , law , agriculture and the arts '' - arrghh!Cabot perpetuates the Gimbutas myth of a matriarchal society and then says that there is no evidence of this as the patriarchal society coincided with the start of writing . Convenient for her theory but with no basis in any of the evidence . She also confuses matrifocal , matrilineal and matriarchal societies , seeming to think that a matrifocal or matrilineal society automatically means a matriarchal one . Cabot also comments that the original priesthood -LRB- I presume she means of the witches ? -RRB- were all female . Cabot also mentions something that she 'd read in a Book of Shadows from the 12th Century !! If she really has access to such a book then surely she should share it with those academics who are researching the history of witchcraft as it would completely change current academic thinking.On to the Burning Times - that dark period of history much beloved by those who seek to portray themselves as a persecuted minority . Cabot gives one of the highest figures I have seen in print - the usual 9 million gets quoted , but Cabot also says the figure may be as high as 13 million . That 's more than half the population of Europe at that time . Cabot also ca n't seem to get away from the witch equals goddess worshipper either , something that gets more and more irritating throughout the book . The facts were out there in the public domain at the time of her writing the book if Cabot had bothered to research outside of pagan books.Despite living in Salem as their resident witch , Cabot then displays great insensitivity to her forebears . She asks whether those killed at Salem were witches , and surmises that perhaps a couple of them may have been , but witches should claim them for their own as they died for our freedom ! The dishonour she shows towards the dead by making this claim leaves me speechless.The book is full of pseudo science , crap `` research '' , and disinformation . I sincerely wish the author took her own advice `` It takes more than wishful thinking to become a competent practicing witch '' .
 This book is just awful . Written at a fourth grade reading level but I would not recommend it for children . It is just disappointing . It seems it was written in a rush and not researched at all . If you want a beginners book or something on the basics or informative , do n't read this .
 Laurie Cabbot is a well known and well respected Witch , and for good reason ... She has taken her lumps and then some . She was/is a pioneer in the field of Witchcraft , and the instruction of same . And for that my hat is off to her , for all her hard work and sacrifice ... BUT . If I wanted to read a book on Lourie Cabbots ` issues ' I would most certainly have bought a book by that title ! Thanks but no thanks I 've got my own issues , I do n't need to spend hours reading about hers ... There is some VERY good information in this book ... but it is sandwiched in between LARGE sections of venting and angry recountings of history ... I get why you are angry Lourie , but I 'm looking to make today and tommorrow better ... not DWELL in yesterday . Do n't misunderstand me . . we must learn from yesterday , or tommorrow will look just like it . But I do n't need any help living there , thank you . I have avoided books by Lourie Cabbot sinse reading this book . I have picked one up on occation but it seems she is consistant in using her books not only to instruct but to work out her personal issues . . sounds more like a job for a diary , really . Personally I recomend `` Green Witchcraft '' as well as works by Scott Cunningham and Raymond Buckland . Understanding there are pricipals in Witchcraft that should be strictly followed , there is no reason why they should be impossible ideals . And for goodness sake do n't throw your brain in the bin while reading any instructional text in this genre , FEEL while you read , you will know when you have found what you have been looking for !! Blessed Be
 ok ... live and let live , that 's my motto . so if you believe -LRB- or want to believe -RRB- in faeries and such , you may enjoy this book . personally i found it indigestible , and i lifted the cover with an open mind , genuinely hoping to learn . not my path , i guess . i look askance at any religion as a vessel and a tool to focus self and hopefully tap into something bigger , which is how i look at Magick ; this `` guide '' read more like a disney movie . that 's just my .02 . i wish i could get my ten bucks back .
 This has to be one of the worst books on any form of Witchcraft I 've read in a long time . It 's bad enough the amount of fluff out there supporting Wicca as the only way for modren witches , but this book has too many harmful ideas to be believed or even to be recommended . Is it a new thing to quote long passages and base a tremendous portion of ones ideas on certain passages and books and not to even give the original authors etc. credit ? Many times , Cabot quotes things or references an idea from somewhere , without ever stating were that somewhere is . And with as many unfounded claims and ideas that this woman has , one would really like to know where they 're coming from . To not cite , makes me think that she 's just creating half this stuff.The ideas , especially at the front half of the book are harmful to many would-be 's . Do n't read this book ! I got it used and it was still a waste of money . It 's not going to help you with anything , and may even cloud your mind with unfounded ideas , such as women where the sole inventors of language . Give me a break.Stay away from this book ! Even McCoy is better then this dribble . But what can one expect from a woman who runs around in goth , calling it traditinal witch wear . I really feel for her family , espcecially her kids .
 Having been so impressed with the original `` Megatrends , '' I was very much looking forward to this edition . Unfortunately , the authors ' crystal ball failed too often this time around to inspire much confidence . One major flaw , I think , is that there is much less content analysis used in tracking these trends and far too much fluff in the way of interviews and anecdotes . Too , in `` Megatrends , '' statistics were used to back up forecasts derived from content analysis . Here statistics and surveys seem to be the sole basis for the forecasts . Perhaps the authors ' thought the original work was too dry , or perhaps they were just trying to capitalize on a winner with a quick and dirty follow-up . In any case , this book was not nearly as insightful , or useful
 Sounds up to date , and I bought it thinking it new , but tired forecasts from 1990 can easily be beaten by anyone of average thinking from the vantagepoint of 2000 . Avoid and think for yourself instead !
 The authors missed the point of the book , which should have been to forecast the future socio-economic trends , and not their personal desire . They barely mentioned the way technology started to shape the new century , and they were so focused on Europe being at peace for almost 50 years that totally forgot there were other countries with enough forces to create worldwire conflict -LRB- terrorism , oil interests , territorial struggle , ethnical issues , etc -RRB- . My most honest advice is
 Guess what word does not appear in this book ? That 's right ... INTERNET!Not even once!So Naisbitt missed the biggest trend of the nineties !
 A good book to put someone to sleep . It can be read in about a day , if that is what you are looking for . It barely predicts anything but it certainly points out some past precedents that have future implications.A good book for Geography or Urban Planning Majors .
 Have you ever read a book on a subject with which you have some expertise and wonder if the writer is just making things up as he goes along ? This was nearly the experience in reading this book by Duncan Lindsey a UCLA professor.The first problem is that Lindsey takes the shotgun approach to arguing his points against the existing child protective services system . Instead of centering his arguments on a few specific issues and developing his thesis , he tries to address every conceivable aspect of the child welfare system and liberally scatters his thoughts and comments without a strong basis of analysis . The result is a loose confederation of ideas none of which with a firm foundation for acceptance.The second problem is that Lindsey attempts to address issues for which he does not seem to have actual knowledge . His attack on the legal basis of the child protective system , for being a civil model rather than a criminal model , is amateurish -LRB- at best -RRB- . His understanding of the social workers management of the case lacks first hand understanding of the field . I wanted to give some examples to explain my points , but it would result in a much longer review than what I prefer . It must suffice to say that I believe the professor 's expertise is apparently more academic and esoteric than real life.A third problem is Lindsey 's contradicting himself in various parts of his book . For example , he spends time discussing how children 's deaths is increasing , but in another chapter argues that death is but a small area of concern for protecting children . He titles this later chapter as `` Child abuse , the red herring of child welfare . '' Therefore , he argues that the current system is not doing enough to protect children from destructive parents , but argues that too much of the same system focuses on a problem that is a small issue in child welfare . So which is it?It is unfortunate that the author did not sacrifice a couple of hundred pages and written a monograph on one of his points . Then he could have provided a document worth quoting and considering . Instead , we have a lengthy diatribe absent developed charges worth remembering .
 So I read this book on how to help pick up women , because the title looks so promising . I read it and basically it does n't have too much to offer . It does n't give straight foward help , it kinda beats around the bush . I have learned some new things in this book , such as how to start conversations with women and ask openended questions with them -LRB- expect the phrase `` Whats your story '' about 1000 times -RRB- . But basically , the information in this book is vague . It does not give instant results like we guys all planned to , but it gives you a starting point and hangs you out to dry on your road to being a PUA instead of a chump.Being a 20 year old college student and living in a city full of females who are stuck up , I figured this book would help out . Unfortunately , it did not do me too much justice . If you guys found success in this book with the opposite sex , give yourself a pat on the back . Funny that female reviewers -LRB- like the one below me -RRB- , might get a joke out of this book because they go around making others feel like crap . I for one really do n't recommend this book because of it 's vague subject matter . If you want to read a good book , I recommendHow to Succeed with Women , because that book gives more info into detail . Peace .
 I could see how somebody with absolutely no confidence , game , or experience for women could find this book helpful . It does teach the basics , but there are other books out there that do it a lot better . I 'm a good looking guy , and I 'm pretty decent at picking up women . I have read books like this in the past , because I feel it is important to always try to better yourself in all areas of life . I also think it is important to recognize seduction techniques and utitilize them to your advantage for not only picking up women but in your career and other aspects of life . The Lay Guide is for people that have absolutely no clue or experience . I just do n't like the way the book is written and some of the lines he tells his readers to use on women are so cheesey and corney that I would never consider using them . The best lines are the ones that come off the top of your head and are witty . As you build confidence , you will become more witty . Its a step by step process . The book does have some good points but there are other books that are written so much better ! If you need help in this category look up The Game and Rules of the game by Neil Strauss . Also , the art of seduction by Robert Greene gives much better advice and examples .
 Although I believe 100 percent that Mr. Clinke is himself an exceptional PUA , he lacks proportional talent in writing.The book lacks structure and at times is very inconsistent . One minute it 's `` get her phone number '' and then it 's `` never ask for the number , let her give it to you '' and then it 's `` never give her yours '' and so on . The book is full of little rules for behavior , that A. often contradict a previous rule , and B. are painfully vague and generalized . In the end , the book is just a messy pile scattered ideas that places no focus on the fundamental issues , leaving out all of subconscious things and subtleties that truly determine how women feel about you . Needless to say , it does not live up to its silly and excessive title , which promises the world but more than likely will just set the reader back even farther in the game . After reading it , he will most likely say to himself `` wow , if i ca n't get laid after reading this book , then there 's really no hope for me at all '' . Let 's keep in mind , this book is the thoughts and experiences of one man -LRB- and not much of a literary man -RRB- whose personal successes are the culmination of his unique qualities ... not that of the general population . Find your own way , reader , instead of reading this sloppy guide which will more than anything confuse , and possibly hurt your chances with the opposite sex .
 Has no structure , no step by step , just a collection of loosely related chapters , better to get `` Mystery Method '' that is the real deal .
 This book is confusing and difficult to follow because the author tries to cover one-night-stands and polygynous dating with the same advice . Basically , you will probably get laid using these tips , but the type of woman you will reel in may not be the type you 'd want to see again ... ever.For example , what do you think happens when you use money as an incentive to control womens ' behavior ? She is going to use sex in a similar fashion to control you . Unless she 's an idiot . But hey , if you read this book with the goal of getting laid , you 're probably into that .
 Actually everything in the book IS helpful , and a OK read ... but most of the material is FREE on the net already.The stuff from `` The Layguide '' was mirrored on all kinds of websites all over the place before it ever became print . If you search for keywords like `` layguide '' and `` player guide '' on the net , you will find this stuff is basically plagaurized . It was just a compilation of a bunch of usenet posts.Now , if you really want something in print , and original too , do yourself a favor now and go buy `` The Art of Seduction '' by Robert Greene , also available here on Amazon.com . The guy researched great seducers and seductions throughout history , and came up with types of seducers , the stages of seduction , etc. . And his work is entirely original as well .
 All the material on this book can be found on the internet with more info!All this book is is just collected material from a site , then published on a book . Tony prob did not write any of it on his own . Not only that , this book is missing alot of key ingredients that will help anyone on their entire game . I suggest that if you are intrested in the sort of material taht this book has to offer , do a search on the net , you will find something that is usefull down the line , and more people who share your reactions ...
 Well I got the book excited to read and get some chicks . guess what ? I read the whole book and nothing has happened yet . You might probably say that I suck . Let me tell you that this book does.I would not recommend this book to anyone out there . Do n't waste you time and hard earned money on this . I do n't really wan na write a big review because I do n't really care what was in the book , because it 's all none-sense .
 This book is depressing , is Just as `` Why Love Men Bitches '' but for guys.These books damage a lot to the world right now , because it turns us into machines rather than human beings
 I like the book but its a bit over the top in places.There is some good advice and if used sensibly is okay.Its a good book.I recommend these , also available from this site :1 -RRB- `` U.S.S. '' -LRB- Undercover Sex signals '' -RRB- By Leil Lowndes .2 -RRB- `` How to pick up girls ! '' By Eric Weber .3 -RRB- `` How to meet the right woman '' By Roger Ratcliff , David Conaway & Diana Ohlsson .4 -RRB- `` How to pick up -LRB- get dates with -RRB- beautiful women : secrets every man should know '' . By John Eagan , B.A. 5 -RRB- `` Understanding women : The definitive guide to meeting , dating and dumping , if necessary.By Romy Miller .
 Seriously , I bought this for my 20 year old son to completely embarrass him . Well he refused to take it so it sat in the backseat of my car . My friend from out of town -LRB- who I was carting around the city doing touristy stuff -RRB- picks it up and starts reading it out loud to all of us . It says such horrible bad bad BAD advise . If you follow this guide you will be slapped . NO DOUBT . And possibly knocked out , depending on who you approach . This is from 2 chicks and one dude who are very open minded . You will NOT get anything other than a fat lip if you do even ONE of the things it tells you to do . So actually i think this should be in the comedy section . My kid is pretty smart * gloating * . I ca n't believe IDIOTS are following this advice and giving it good reviews ! Ridiculous !
 Has anyone questioned why this information , word for word , is available for free on the web ? From what I have read elsewhere it seems the true authors of this material have not granted permission to have their work reprinted here . But I could be wrong .
 I own and read lots of material of all kinds on this issue , from e-books , audios , printed-books ... from many sites.So , I must be a Mater eh ? fool !! I am still be MYSELF no greater , no less and also a BIG FISH hooked by money-making guys , authors of these stuff.Let your brain do its job a little bit :1 . Authors of these stuff ALLWAYS claim that when you get their stuff , an 100,000 sold bestseller , you 're going to be a Master eh ? and so what ? hundreds of thoundsands of Masters out there ? What a big change in the Earth ? Fool !! 2 . In their stuff it is said that in order to achieve something you have to give something in EQUIVALENT , this means
 Do n't waste your money . Although the information is good -LRB- great actually -RRB- , this book is from a web site made up of a collection other people 's public writings . If you Google words like `` fast seduction '' , you 'll find a freely accessible version of the same exact writings , plus more.There are plenty of other good books on this subject you can buy from Amazon , from people who did n't filch their words from others . But if you are interested in this book and what it offers , Google is your friend to find the version without a pricetag . Just Google `` seduction '' or `` player guide '' like another reviewer mentioned .
 A lot of people think that if they read a book , then they will know how to seduce any woman . The truth is , that it 's not going to happen like that . These books on picking up women have some interesting concepts , and they do offer some good advice , but the reader needs to be aware that these books written by PUAs are simply a sales pitch to a $ 1250 seminar , that is a sales pitch to a $ 4500 seminar , and that leads to personal tutoring , and Thousands of more dollars . I have know two people who have gotten duped by this . And these two guys are getting laid less than when they first getting into this and just trying and failing.I would highly recommend three books that will give you all the information you need to speak to a woman and carry yourself in a way that might attract her .1 -RRB- Art of Seduction by Robert Greene
 This is amateur stuff . If you want to get really useful and ground-breaking stuff , read The Art of Seduction :[ ... -RSB- I know that it 's long and a bit academic in tone , but it is the last word on Seduction in the modern age . True seduction is not just a one-shot , get-laid-tonight approach -LRB- although it can certainly include that -RRB- . Read The Art of Seduction , and you will be well on your way to having women desire you to a degree that is truly shocking . I am a true believer , and I owe the author Robert Greene a debt that can not be repaid . It is mind-boggling how much women really want to be carried away by their desire . Arm yourself with an understanding based on Greene 's book , and you 'll be well on your way .
 Book shows some decent advice , but alot of weird stuff that men often SHOULD NOT DO ! ... many openers of creating small conversations but in the most weirdest circumstances ... nothing simple just technical ... book has its uses for beginners ... my advice buy it read it but RETURN it ! your better off with Afc Adams , Gambles , Kezia Nobles books ... down to the point and direct !
 Katherine Noel 's debut novel reads like she wanted to write a book about a girl with bipolar disorder and built the story out from there , making sure the family was sufficiently screwed up and that each plot point served the greater theme . The end result feels forced , mechanical ; above all , inauthentic.It 's a shame , really , given that in the hands of a more capable writer , Angela Voorster might be an effective protagonist . She 's headed to an Ivy League college , a star athelete and suddenly stricken with mental illness in the middle of a swim meet . What 's most interesting about her is that she never quite comes to terms with her bipolar disorder . It 's as much a part of her as her hair color or height , another stage of her life that will surely pass . Though at times the descriptions of other halfway house residents or Angela 's post-breakdown interactions with friends and family can be tiresome , Angela is , at her core , an inspired character . What proves that is that she does n't always think or do what you 'd expect.When Noel writes in Angela 's point of view , the narrative becomes wrought with conflict . Perhaps switching perspectives is the author 's major mistake here . As they tell their sides of the story , the reader ca n't help but want to skip forward and follow Angela again . The supporting Voorsters are too thinly drawn to carry such huge chunks of the novel . Anyone could predict marital trouble for Angela 's parents and the standoffish reactions of her brother ; they do n't need extra time and their actions feel like padding that just distracts from the main story .
 I found this to be one of the most depressing novels I 've read in a long time . Not because of Angie 's mental illness which was really the only interesting aspect but because of the other characters . Ugh . I could not find one positive thing to react to in either of her parents ... both struck me as self-obsessed depressives . Luke and Angie seemed to have some spunk at least but even his girlfriend , Wendy , seemed flat to me . Reading about Jordana and the baby bunny rabbit at the end did me in . Was it supposed to be some clever metaphor for her -LRB- failed -RRB- relationships ? To me the book ended with not much hope or resolve and by the end I wish I had n't wasted my time .
 Yes , this book was good in that it seemed to accurately portray the breakdown of a family when one of its members actually `` breaks down '' . However , it is an extremely depressing book in that no one seems to get any better . Angie floats around , mostly in a paranoid state , in and out of hospitals , group homes and her own home . Luke leaves college , leaves his girlfriend , drifts around for a while , then gets back with his girlfriend and goes back home -LRB- doing what , I 'm not sure - the book was n't clear on that -RRB- . Pieter keeps playing his cello and wallowing in self pity . And Jordana never fully copes or even comes to term with Angie 's illness . She is also drifting.This may be reality , but it is an extremely depressing reality . I have read `` One Flew Over the Cuckoo 's Nest '' and loved it . This book is NOTHING like `` Cuckoo Nest '' .
 Which `` elite '' eastern college gave this hack a degree?Here 's a great way to waste a weekend : Pick up something by Mona Cheren , browse through Jane Fonda 's biography , and add in some tripe from Ann Coulter off the overstock table.Think of it as bulemic dilitants on parade ...
 I 'm a conservative and I normally like most of the conservative books I read . I wanted to like Mona Charen 's _ Do-Gooders _ , but the book failed in so many ways that I got about a third through and just could not devote any more time to it . Skimming the last two-thirds proved that once you 've read a few pages , you 've read the whole book.Charen attempts to lay out how all the finagling by `` Big ` L' Liberals '' is responsible for about every social ill we have today . She does a decent job making her case that the road to hell is paved with good intentions and Liberals found every road to that particular destination.But therein lies the problem with _ Do-Gooders _ . Even a conservative who 's been in a comatose state for the last decade will recognize all her talking points . Everything here is old news . Yes , we know how Rudy Giuliani cleaned up Dinkin 's mayoral mess in NYC . We know the myth concerning black churches being systematically burned in the South by racist groups . We know that gun control advocates are wrong . And Robert Bork sure did get the shaft , did n't he ? That 's all common knowledge and old news , though . In fact , it seems like this book was written ten years ago.There are other issues . Charen is a capable writer , but she seems really forced in spots here , especially when she 's trying to channel Ann Coulter . But Coulter she is not ; her attempts at being arch fall flat and she repeatedly writes with trepidation , as if she knows she ca n't be as funny or quick with a knife to the belly like Coulter can . Instead , she goes more for facts . However , her points are belabored in some places and poorly supported in others . She could have tried for the academic approach or stayed within a screed-like style , but what she delivers here tries to be all things to all people and it just does not satisfy anyone , particularly a conservative audience that has higher expectations.Truly , this book has no audience . It 's not scholarly enough to please conservatives looking for a Bloom-like approach , moderates will be turned off by her attempts at Coulter -LRB- I found her comment about Jesse Jackson `` mau-mauing corporations '' to be particularly ill-advised -RRB- , and Liberals would n't read this if they were paid to do so.So who should read this book ? I have no idea . I certainly ca n't recommend it . There is no doubt it is a worthy topic , but this book is simply too lightweight to be a solid reference . The talking points seem ancient in light of GWB 's re-election , too.Normally , I like conservative books , but I ca n't recommend _ Do-Gooders _ to anyone . Pick up something by P.J. O'Rourke instead . You 'll learn just as much and be far more entertained in the process .
 I will give an example of the extent to which the author distorts statistics to assert her agenda . On page 138 the author states , `` Women and children both suffer when children are born out of wedlock . According to the Department of Justice 's National Crime Victimization Survey , never-married mothers experience twice the rate of domestic abuse that married , divorced , or separated mothers do . They also suffer much higher rates of violent crime . `` How is this a fallacy ? Well , first of all domestic violence often begins prior to marriage . So , if you have 100 mothers being abused by their boyfriends , and only 20 of those marry the perp then when these victims are surveyed then it would show that 80 women who chose wisely not to marry their perps are ` never-married mothers . ' Thus , the survey results would show that more non-married mothers were being abused than married mothers . Many of these non-married mothers have hopefully left the perp altogether.In the author 's world , those women who married are morally superior to those women who refused to marry the perp who is using them as a punching bag.Most of the battered women I encountered in battered women 's shelters are married to the abusers . Those who do not marry their abusers , and fit the young woman having premarital sex mold , are often living on their own or with friends/roommates/relatives , thus they often do not have to leave home in order to get away from their abusers . It is generally far easier to get away from your abuser if you are not married to him due to legalities when you have children with him.The author is ignorant of the dynamics of violence against battered women . She twisted one small statistic from a NCVS in order to attempt to prove to the reader that marriage is safer for women with children.The author continues on that page by writing that illegitimate children suffer more from depression , etc. . Well , an example of a well known ` illegitimate ' child would be that of Bristol Palin 's baby . How does the Palin family talk about the situation ? I have heard it mention quite often how it was a mistake and other such negative references . Children are quite intelligent and pick up on things . How is a child not to be depressed after hearing his/her family talk about his/her being a ` mistake ' ? Society feeds the seeds of depression to these children .
 As usual , Charen is preaching to the converted here . This is not thoughtful political science but merely repitition of common right wing dogma to a willing right wing audience guaranteed to buy this book . It is definitely not something for the middle ground independent thinker . Case in point : Charen hates the 1960 's - especially the various civil rights crusades and especiallly feminism . Yet she refuses to recognize that the credit goes to liberals and feminists that Charen is in the position she personally enjoys.Feminists insisted that women be permitted to participate in society and realize their full potential as equals to men . There were not any significant female political columnists and well known female political writers such as Charen before the feminist movement . I was there and I am old enough to remember . Also I found at least four grammatical errors in this book . It got increasingly sloppy when you got near the end .
 The author is not in danger of doing-good with this book . This book is hard-to-read even if you are a `` red-stater . '' This book does not look for a moderate middle-road . It focuses on a few problems with liberal politics and ignores the problems with right-wing politics and does n't look to the middle where most of the solutions lie .
 I can appreciate a person 's view -LRB- and everyone has a right to free speech -RRB- , but there are a few items I have read by Mona Charen that I question what her motivations are . She seems to not have much respect for anyone if they are not in total agreement with her views . In fact , she goes out of her way to skew and slant information to her viewpoints.Of some of the articles I have read from Mona Charen she seems very angry and unhappy . It seems that she is only happy attacking others . It should be okay for people to have viewpoints , but to go out of the way to be venumous in her writings is very unprofessional . It seems more and more commonplace for people to make others wrong , than to work together to make things go right.The key is we need to find ways to make things better , even if you do n't agree 100 % with someone 's viewpoint , it is important to respect other 's views , figure out how to work together , and focus on the good things in people in stead of the one thing that 's bad . I ca n't say much about this book , but I wish Ms Charen the happiness she 's looking for .
 Let this illogical hack please not defend my party , and makea case against the liberals . She does n't get it , and makesso many ridiculous arguments that do n't hold up.Her writing style is horrendous . Please do not wastetime on this book . I would give this rating a negative 2 starsif I could .
 It is always instructive whenever a far right `` conservative `` less-government-is-good-government apologist has the termerity to tell the rest of us why `` liberalism `` is `` bad '' . . Mona Charen excuses the fact that there is a hugh gulf between the rich and the poor in this country by whining that , in effect , it is not the government 's job to be anything more than a turnstile for the rich and the corporations . . Calvin Coolidge , one of best examples of what was and is wrong with `` conservative `` thinking , announced that `` The business of America is business `` and to that end made no effort to control the corporations of his time , had no safety net programs in place,penny-pinched at the expense of the poor while allowing the rich to live off the public dole , and much much more . . Ronald Reagen , the most recent incarnation of the Coolidge do-nothing to help anyone who actually needs help philosophy of government , viewed Coolidge as a role model . . Reagen 's `` Trickle down `` economic program , historically , never trickled down , and during Reagen 's eight years in office the gap between the rich and the poor became acute . . Reagen , like most `` conservative `` thinkers views big government as only being too big when the tax dollars of the wealthy and the corporations are re-distributed , in the form of `` entitlements `` to the middle class and the poor . . Reagan had no such reservations when `` big government `` bailed out corporations with tax dollars , and no president conservative or otherwise , since reagen , has had much trouble whenever corporations over-charge the government for goods or services . . But these `` conservatives `` foam at the mouth whenever anyone suggests government financed universal healthcare . . `` BIG GOVERNMENT `` these fakers scream , opting instead to see almost half the population of the nation either with minimal coverage or no coverage at all . . These `` conservatives '' jump up and down over the notion that anyone no fortunate enough to have been born with a silver spoon in the mouth should be entitled to anything from the government ... Thus Charon , and others like her ignore the real problems of the country mainly because , as far as they are concerned , `` of the people , by the people and FOR THE PEOPLE `` is an obsolete term or its application is limited to those who already own 90 per cent of this nation 's wealth ...
 Charen sure has lots of footnotes - I just noticed 5 of them in one paragraph on a page - but it 's still hard to take her seriously when she suggests things such as her claim that Democrats are trying to make African Americans feel targetted and despised.I 'm not sure which is wackier
 Supposedly well-researched book about liberals and their negative affects on america . Lots of emphasis on black peoples 's problems in the 1900 's in the good USofA . The writer claims actor Danny Glover is sweet looking . Huh ? Glover is one of the harshest looking peiople in cinema . Also , the author gives his ridiculous anger at not being able to hail a cab in NYC full credence . Sure since Glover made movies he owns the whole world -LRB- or at least all america right ? -RRB- . She also claims America increased the use of lawyers mostly to help black ameriacns in legal trouble . Clarence Gideon , who got everyone US-arrested to have a free attorney if so desired , was white.The author has a lot of facts to support her case of what a catch 22 racial situations in the USA are but biased statements like those above wreck her entire book . If blacks in america in the early 1900 's had it so rough why did n't so many of them just move to Haiti ? Ever think of that , Mona ?
 Charen 's already popular newspaper column will propel many to read and/or purchase this book . This book , like any other that focuses on one political party , mixes heavy criticisms with fact to make a one-sided debate . While it does n't necessarily slam the opposition , it takes aim at particularly well-known , visible liberals and whole periods in American history and debases them with some fact and some fiction . It 's easy to research the facts she presents and see that there is truth to some of her statements . However , as with any book pushing one political agenda , she skips over the shortcomings of her own political party and their hand in the way America current stands . 6 of the last 10 US Presidents and 7 out of the 9 current Supreme Court Justices are Republican and were nominated by other Republicans , which makes for over 30 years of Republicans running the Presidency and Supreme Courts . While she does make some good points , trying to put the entire blame for problems in the US on periods of US history and people who do n't agree with her is almost silly . As most of the other reviewers here mention , she is preaching to a choir of the already converted . I do n't believe in this day and age that the problems we encounter here and abroad can be based solely on the actions of one group , nor can the problems be solved solely by one group . I also find it interesting that she would attack feminism and Civil Rights the way she did . As an earlier reviewer pointed out , without people taking new and different measures , sometimes extreme , to prove their points , racism and sexism would be more rampant and widespread than it is in our culture.The moral of the story is that if you define yourself as a Conversative , right leaning , or strict Republican , this will be a good book for you . If you are a strict Democrat , a liberal , in the middle , or any other affiliation , you may not find this as interesting as others .
 The first premise of the Mona 's new book is that almost all progressives end up hurting the very same people they say they are trying to help . Mona says `` the ideas that took root in the 1960s were uniformly self-indulgent , childish , anti-intellectual , irresponsible , and destructive . '' One might ask , what is self-indulgent about trying to help blacks out of Jim Crow , or trying to stop the illegal Vietnam war that was a template on how to be hated , and more importantly feared , worldwide ? What is childish about finding out that your `` parents '' are intentionally misleading you and then actively demanding truth ? What is anti-intellectual about using our brains to realize that major intellectuals on both sides have always been for hire , and thus like all good debaters can expound on any view with the right `` incentives '' ? What is irresponsible about seeing your beloved country becoming more hated in Vietnam , and rushing in to brake the war machine when you see your honorable neighbors getting killed ? What is destructive about trying to stop unnecessary destruction and suffering ? Well , Mona is not talking about the common man at all here . To her , the sixties were self-indulgent , childish , anti-intellectual , irresponsible , and destructive because the kids made it very hard for the PR firms , advertising guys , big aggressive companies and politicians to continue to manipulate them wholesale . If you lie to us enough , we stop trusting you and start trusting each other , and that 's the real threat.-Then Mona gets totally into how progressives have been soft on crime -LRB- with some good points in the New York City story -RRB- in a way that ends up really hurting the average American . Now 9/11 took a horrible toll of 3,000 + innocent civilians . But , through retaliation we have killed 3,000 + innocent civilians -LRB- our pound of flesh -RRB- in Afghanistan and then 100,000 innocent civilians in Iraq -LRB- info
 Mona Charen cites nearly every example of demagoguery committed by social liberals from 1960 to 1996 . She did n't miss one . She bashes liberal views of the Great Society of LBJ , the anti-war protests of the 60 's , the welfare state , Clarence Thomas ' and Robert Bork 's nominations , and the crime wave that quieted in the 90 's . Unfortunately , Charen forgets the similar pandering and hypocrisy that has occurred by social conservatives during that same period , an omission that greatly detracts from her thesis . Another failing is that she attaches exclusive causeology of NYC 's decrease in crime in the 1990 's to Guiliani 's get-tough policies , and conveniently forgets the complexities of improved economics , changing demographics and the `` abortion factor '' -LRB- as expounded by Leavitt in Freakonomics -RRB- as potential contributors.She glibly assigns culpability to liberals for any number of social ills including unwed mothers , homelessness , violent crime , racial tension and conceiveably ring-around-the-collar . Her references are numerous , but her arguments are not careful enough for a scholarly work , so the book serves only as red meat for the angry masses screaming about the same old problems of government waste associated with liberal government bureaucracy.Charen conveniently avoids the huge government waste associated with the current so-called `` conservative '' government of GWB and the Republican House and Republican Senate . Charen forgets to cite the Medicare Part D program as the largest social spending program -LRB- inflation adjusted -RRB- in history . She forgets to mention that GWB signed into law a bill written by fellow `` conservative '' Republicans that represented the largest farm subsidies -LRB- inflation adjusted -RRB- in history . Charen neglects to mention that the current `` conservative '' government has rushed us into a war that will cost half a trillion dollars and has already lasted longer than WWI , WWII and the US Civil War ; and Bush did this despite protests by previous Republican cabinet advisors and diplomats.At the end of the day , this conservative prefers a government that wastes billions of my tax money on unnecessary and counter-productive social programs over one that spends trillions on unnecessary war and mayhem .
 Examples of the hatred and fear in this book : p7 `` Blacks have always committed a disproportionate number of violent crimes in America . `` p22 '' ... there is nothing prejudiced about fear . It is merely rational . `` p84 `` Republicans -LSB- who -RSB- were racists in their youths , but there were just as many Democrats . `` p87 '' ... black people collect welfare in disproportionate numbers ... `` p121 `` Liberalism in various guises -- feminism , the sexual revolution , gay activism -- has been at war with marriage and family for decades . `` p176 `` Even when the mental disabilities of the homeless population had to be acknowledged ... `` p186 `` Homelessness came into being because liberal policymakers embraced a series of foolish ideas . `` p209 `` It is liberals who set up children to fail . `` p236 `` Liberals have hurt the poor . `` What I agreed with
 I periodically read something conservative in order to keep some perspective . I share a lot of conservative values . I do n't share the distortion and mean spiritedness that this book offers.An example ? The author states how nearly every school child can recognize Martin Luther King , Jr. but hardly any can recognize James Madison . Is this really so amazing ? Kinda like saying that most school children can identify Lance Armstrong , but how many can identify Willie Mays?This merely shows the time in history and the overall fame of the person , not that race relations are so improved.Seems minor , but if you look at the premises the author uses to start her arguments , they are often false.Another example ? Liberals say there is still a race issue . But race relations have improved , and therefore liberals are incorrect . Serious?or ... Liberals have tried to end poverty . But there is still poverty . So liberals have bad ideas.The author puts forth one false dichotomy after another , and the hope is one is so sold already on conservativism that one will not take note.This book needs to be read alongside a book on logic and how to use reason .
 Mona tells us that statistics show that children with two married parents , one male the other female , do better than those without that benefit . Sure . People who do n't have traffic accidents do better than those who do . But the reality is that we suffer about 50,000 traffic deaths a year in this country . And marriages are damaged in many ways , most not deliberate . Ignoring what actually happens to people , many of whom would love to be in one of Mona 's ideal marriages , does n't help much . Ronald Reagan loved to tell the story about the welfare queen who drove cadillacs and cost society a fortune . Trouble is , he made up the story . http://www.huppi.com/kangaroo/L-welfarequeen.htm This book , like those of Ann Coulter 's , are pot boilers which enrich the authors , but do n't do much for the body politic . In checking her references , many go to The Heritage Foundation . She quotes extensively . Try entering `` corporate welfare '' in google and you will see that if some poor people took advantage of the system , it 's pretty much small potatoes to the professionals .
 I think she forgot about that other do gooder , Jesus . That guy never gave the rich people or people in power a break . In fact , all he ever did was talk about the poor . I think she also failed to mention Mother Theresa , if I 'm not mistaken . She could devote her next book to these two .
 Do n't waste your time ! If you want to read a boring , poorly researched book of statistics at least four years old , then I suggest you buy it . But the statistics are even out of date . If you have lived on this planet for a few years , you already know about the examples he uses . Pathetic writing . If for some reason the examples are new to you do n't trust them . He says Ralph Nader advocated for a safer Chevrolet Corvette . If the author does n't know it was a Chevrolet Corvair , then he is clueless ! Read Greater Good by Claire Gaudiani if you want to learn something .
 I bought this along with the authors ' grammar reference , which has proven an expensive mistake . The two are college level texts and probably quite good for those engaged in intellectual pursuits . I , on the other hand , teach ESL as a volunteer and was simply looking to shore up my practical knowledge of the subjects . Both texts contain virtually no such information . In fact , they assume a significant knowledge of linguistics and linguistic theory ; they are literally packed with obscure jargon that I presume familiar to some set of initiates but certainly far beyond my ken . If your situation is analogous to mine , I suggest Side by Side Spanish & English Grammar and Practice Makes Perfect English Pronouns and Prepositions -- much less expensive -LRB- $ 30 the pair I think -RRB- and much more practical .
 Why am I not surprised that there is much debate amongst researchers on how best to teach English pronunciation ? And why so much argument about the best way to produce native-like speech when the author practically concedes that it is nearly impossible ? I ca n't use this overlong overpriced book in my ESL class unless I threaten to hit students over the head with it when they use ` r ' instead of ` l' . I changed my review because the book has some teaching techniques . But here are still many flaws . It has a modified phonetic system which does n't make sense , and it places too much emphasis on minor pronunciation details . There are better texts out there .
 This book is definatly not what I expected . I wanted to increase my awareness of the English pronunciation rules in order to help me to be able to teach the subject more effectively . However , the book seems to be designed for students of speech pathology . It is more concerned with explaining complicated linguistical terms , which are of little or relevance to a regular ESL/EFL classroom teacher .
 I expected this bookTeaching Pronunciation
 My kids liked the story but there was only one page that really focused on teaching good nutrition . Smoking cigaretes is introduced in the book also . I think that should be addressed under the drugs topic , not nutrition . I 'm sure there are better resources for teaching kids about nutrition .
 I ca n't believe that other reviewers gave this book 5 stars . I was completely disappointed . The book included very little useful information to help kids make good nutritional choices - `` fruits and veggies are awesome '' was about the extent of it . The text is uninteresting and cumbersome to read aloud , and the illustrations are not appealing . I am returning this book .
 I understand why the product description says that the book is praised by economists - it has all of the flaws in thinking exhibited by mainstream economists . Answering questions about what to do about economic problems within the current framework will not solve anything when the framework itself -LRB- all money is backed by debt , with interest payable to private banks -RRB- is the issue . There is some clear thinking , and an ability to at least question a few tenets of conventional economic thinking , but the author 's lack of understanding of the Federal Reserve system and where treasury bonds go -LRB- abroad , for the most part -RRB- shows a failure to grasp one of the most basic issues in monetary reform . This book is a pitch for infinite borrowing and elimination of taxes , written in sound bites . If you enjoy being lectured to by a -LRB- very good -RRB- propogandist , this book is for you.If , however , you have a genuine interest in monetary reform in a way that will benefit society in general -LRB- rather than a small sliver of the very wealthy -RRB- , try Michael Rowbotham 's ` The Grip of Death ' or Ellen Hodgson Brown 's ` The Web of Debt ' . These will explain to you why we are in the economic mess we are in and what would really help to get us out of it . Questioning the framework itself is necessary . It was something that was possible throughout the 19th century but the American population went to sleep after the FED was created in 1913 , assuming the status quo was then fixed .
 In a nutshell , this book 's basic premise is that the government can create money at will . Therefore , the government should create all the money it wants and make us all rich . It does n't take a PhD in economics to realize the absurdity of such a hypothesis . Freely printing money at will was tried before in this and other countries amd the results are always disasterous .
 Somehow , everyone wants to dabble in economics without training , even though few would try it in other professions . This book carries that idea to the extreme . The author has an MBA and an undergraduate marketing degree . He rejects and/or misstates virtually everything in macroeconomics in a way that a first-semester undergraduate economics student could shred . Among the many logical fallacies are his statement that because an economy requires money to grow , and because money is debt , and because a large economy requires more debt than anybody but the federal government could manage , this proves that the economy requires ever-growing federal debt . He frequently confuses correlation with causality when he compares various economic variables . He lists a number of statements that he claims are all false , even though they are not even controversial to anyone other than the author . One reviewer referred to him as a genius for understanding economics better than the mainstream economists . That certainly would be true . What are the odds that a guy with training in marketing and business administration would disprove all of the economic theory that evolved through centuries of economic research ? It 's certainly possible , but I would n't bet the farm on it , particularly in light of his logical fallacies and confusion over many of the institutional facts . Perhaps in his next book he will write a critique of modern medical research , with all of the answers that have eluded medical science over the centuries .
 I was really ready for whatever this author had to say . I was looking for content for a talk I had to give on biblical masculinity and femininity . I found enough material buried in the book to be useful , amidst many qualifiers and apologies . However , I found it almost impossible to find a truly coherent , let alone concise or powerful quote . That was disappointing ! If you are going to posit something , be brave and posit it boldly ! If you are n't right , then there is no need to say it . And if you are right , say it boldly so we can understand why it is important . I happen to think he is on to something . Just wish he had said it better .
 I have been interested in the ethical issues surrounding animals in society for some time , but have only recently taken the step of becoming actively involved in the welfare of animals . I thought this book would provide a comprehensive introduction to activism . I found much of it to be highly abstract to the point of being incomprehensible . The `` ideal '' that seems to be sought is certainly well-detailed , but to me it seemed to be so far away from what is `` practical '' that I finally gave up . I guess I 'm more interested in getting my hands dirty and really doing something to lessen the suffering of animals than just thinking about doing so and constructing convoluted philosophies that will never be implemented .
 I have been interested in the ethical issues surrounding animals in society for some time , but have only recently taken the step of becoming actively involved in the welfare of animals . I thought this book would provide a comprehensive introduction to activism . I found much of it to be highly abstract to the point of being incomprehensible . The `` ideal '' that seems to be sought is certainly well-detailed , but to me it seemed to be so far away from what is `` practical '' that I finally gave up . I guess I 'm more interested in getting my hands dirty and really doing something to lessen the suffering of animals than just thinking about doing so and constructing convoluted philosophies that will never be implemented .
 Boy , is this book seriously misguided . After spending the last year and ? working with . NET and mastering C# and the technologies behind . NET , I bought this book to approach learning how to use . NET from the Visual C++ angle . What a disappointment and a serious problem that this book has . The whole idea of . NET is to eliminate the tangled mess of technologies and libraries that has baffled and fustrated Windows developers for years now and made interoperability between languages virtually impossible other than with COM but with serious restrictions . To that end , Microsoft has rationalized the model , providing a common runtime -LRB- CLR -RRB- , with a common type system -LRB- CTS -RRB- , and a rationalized , coherent programming framework , the Base Class Library -LRB- BCL -RRB- , that is accessible from * any * language . That replaces the mess with incompatible libraries like MFC , WFC , VB?s library and the confusing mess of data types like LPSTR , LPCSTR , CString , etc. . Every other book on . NET -LRB- I have them all -RRB- shows you how to leverage and use the BCL from their language , whether it be C# or VB.NET . Not in this book . The author most of the book using MFC and teaching MFC ! MFC is depreciated in . NET and is kept for legacy reasons only . To not focus on the BCL from the C++ environment does the readers of this book a huge disservice . I frankly can?t figure out why this approach was taken other than this seems to be a cut and paste , and update from his previous editions that focused on MFC . He seems to have missed the whole . NET boat . So what do we have ? We have 18 chapters that are essentially useless up to Day 18 , one chapter Day 19 ? Working with Managed Code ? , which is vital but much too short and misses most of the issues , and two more good chapters on ATL and working with VB and C# components . If someone wants to continue to program with MFC nevertheless , I guess you could find some use of this book . But I believe , that it misses the whole point of . NET , and thus steers people in a direction that is not only wrong but short-sided .
 It was a rather frustrating book since it was just an update of the previous generation book for VC + + 6.0 . It seems that SAMS wanted to be the first to sell in order to sell . This is rather bad for the company since it will lose many of its potential customers in the future . The only chapters worth reading , well at least a little bit , are chapters 19 and 21 and nothing more .
 I have the misfortune of actually working on client projects -LRB- Blackbaud / . NET -RRB- with this author , in the same office , for about a year . I did n't know he had published books until about half way through the year , but I was surprised when I found out -LRB- a bad surprise -RRB- . The author 's approach to software development projects is generally lazy and lacks any type of formal planning . He is so stuck in old fashion land -LRB- like he 'd always refer to the DAL as `` the data harness '' -RRB- and was happy to stay there . His innefficiencies wound up creating a lot of overtime work for co-workers . And , he has perhaps the worst trait of an author
 This book should have been titled `` MFC with Visual Studio '' . -LRB- MFC `` is Microsoft Foundation Classes '' , the C++ programming framework used in this book . -RRB- As for . NET , it 's covered only in a brief section tacked on at the end.If you want to learn MFC and Visual Studio , there are many better books . If you want to learn . NET , there are many better books.The book consists of a number of programming projects , one for each chapter , with subjects like `` Working with Timers '' , `` Mouse and Keyboard '' , etc. . The book gives a brief introduction and then walks you through the project with detailed instructions , code to be typed in , and so forth . There are brief explanations of what you are doing , but not enough so that you can really understand it - not enough to design a similar project of your own , and not enough to fix anything if you type it in wrong the first time . Some of the coding is pretty lame even in these brief fragments - a good programmer would write better code.One the positive side , you do get a little hands-on experience with Visual Studio . But surely there are better books for that than this one.Finally , since this is an introductory book , there are several pages of `` sidebars '' on the C++ programming language . But hey , if you do n't know C++ before you start , these sidebars are n't going to help you.Most of the SAMS books I 've read were pretty good , but this was far below standard . I do n't usually take the time to write these reviews , but I disliked this book so much I felt compelled to warn others not to buy it .
 IT appears that the they just updated the prior version of this book , which was not great either . The same useless `` scribble '' program raises it 's head again , something that very few of us will ever need to develop for our work . Then you get to the database section and they use ADO . It seems useless to use ADO in the C++ world , clearly if you are using C++ it is assumed you are going for performance and would use OLEDB directly , not adding the extra layer of ADO with all of its variant data types being passed around .
 Starting as a C and C++ pro , I was looking after a book to apply my knowledge to Windows using Visual C++ . I came from other systems -LRB- unix ... -RRB- . Target
 I got this book because when I did a google search on How to Make anna riva oils I was sent to this book ! So I assumed with the way the title was worded that there would be recipes in this book ! FYI folks their are * NO * recipes in this book !!!! the book is great for traditional use of these oils and thats it !!!
 The books contains information on the oils that you can buy in metaphysical shops . I expected it to be a book of recipes to make your own oils . Very disappointing .
 The book lists 550 oils and what they are for with no index in the back -LRB- kind of a big to leave out when you have a list of 550 -RRB- . THE BOOK DOES NOT LIST INGREDIENTS , IT JUST ASSUMES YOUR TOWN HAS A GOOD OCCULT SHOP IN IT THAT WILL HAVE THEM -LRB- oh and under the same name -RRB- . ALSO I COULD NOT FIND ANY DETAILED SPELL OR RITUAL DESCRIPTIONS . As a pagan I found this to be of no use to me and I felt like I was ripped off .
 I never got the book EyeRobics.How can I get it ? Please send . Or find where it was lostThanksSteve
 It is unfortunate that people with refractive errors will buy this book , which was written by an accountant , not any sort of health care practitioner . As an eye doctor , I see many types of ocular problems , and , yes , some of these can benefit from exercises . Roy 's book misreads Bates 's work , is ignorant of ocular anatomy and promises results that just can not be delivered . Again , ther are some eye conditions that benefit from exercises , but many -LRB- most ? -RRB- do not . See an accredited optometrist or ophthalmologist for help . Behavioral optometrists are especially aware of eye exercises regimens for improving vision . Most people are only to willing to part with their money for miracle cures , be they surgeries or exercises . Please take responsibility for your own health - find out the facts yourself . The author of the above book published and toured to support her book for one reason - cash . Do n't let it be yours .
 Written by an accountant . Erroneous anatomical concepts and a misunderstanding of the visual system . Not only misreads modern medical explanations , also does n't understand Bates ' explanation . When in doubt , invent . It 's bad enough that people will but this book hoping for improvement in their vision . What 's worse is that this charlatan will profit from their misfortune . Some people can derive benefit from eye exercises , or vision therapy , and have great results . That 's no reason to generalize and write a book that jettisons physics and biology . Save your money and see an optometrist that you trust . Final note
 Oliver Stone is quoted on the cover for `` an extremely important book that put Jim Morrison into perspective for the film '' . Really ? Why ? Of all he books I have om Jimbo and the Doors this one must be rated as the worst of them all . After putting it down , you do n't know more about Morrison than before , so I wonder why Val Kilmer on the back of the book is quoted for '' the book was my bible for the film '' . It 's amazing that the author is able to recollect all the conversations she had with Morrison considering the hazed state she was in must of the time . Also , why is n't there any pictures of her and Morrison together . Where they really together more than a couple of times?Well , one good thing about my copy , I found it on sale for a few bucks , so that alone makes it worth the lone star .
 Lange QAndA
 Do not get this book if your goal is a state fluoro license . I contacted the publisher -LRB- McGraw-Hill -RRB- to confirm whether or not this book would be useful for fluoro exam prep . The person I spoke with told me it was . This is incorrect . This book IS NOT . Bottom line , this book may be good for basic x-ray , but DO NOT get it to prepare for a fluoro license exam . I wasted good money , do n't do the same .
 If you are a fan of apocalyptic fiction , there are many better books to read than this . While I did finish it , i found it slow moving -LRB- very slow -RRB- , Pretentious in language , and very out of date in the effects of war . I think the real message was about the value of civil defense . An interesting point , but the author , writing in the mid-50 's was talking about efftects of atomic bombings that are much milder than true . Totally unrealistic .
 Simenon is always an OK read . As time goes on , maybe one of the unforseen feats of Simenon , is that he has left a series of quite accurate images of French society as he experienced it . In this book we discover the world of Hotel Majestic in Paris , seen from the perspective of the employees . We are also a trip to Cannes and Cte d'Azur discovering the life of prostitutes there . The plot of the crime Maigret is unveiling in this book is quite sophisticated , perhaps a bit to sophisiticated ?
 This is my first foray into the Inspector Maigret books , one of eighty-eight mysteries written over the course of 42 years by Georges Simenon . Written in his native tongue , these books have been translated by others from French to English , and there are minor jolts here and there when everybody is `` speaking '' in English in the translation , but one character ca n't understand what another is saying because he is speaking in another language , yet both appear to speak in English in the dialogue . Also , the author bombards us with information , names , and details that do little else but pad the number of pages . And there 's a glaring error . In the beginning and end sections of the book , it is the cold of winter , which a number of characters complain about . But in the middle , chapter 6 and 7 , it is suddenly the Fourteenth of July and everybody is sweltering in the heat . Yet , the entire story takes place in a matter of days . Maigret 's investigative procedure seems to be to put himself adjacent to the suspects , and because of his reputation as a crack detective , they start blathering on and on and saying things they should n't as he remains quiet . And the clue that solves the case is so obscure , and so particular to an uncommon human experience , that I would dare say only a miniscule number of readers would have any knowledge at all of the circumstance . Still there were eighty-eight of these stories comprising a very popular series of books and yielding a TV series and several films . So , I will withhold judgment on the Maigret books until I read a few more . But if this one is any indication , I just do n't understand it . -LRB- Note
 I 'm not sure if these recipes were actually made by the author . Some do n't fit into the jar , and some do n't make sense . The magic bars recipe tells you to put all the dry ingredients into the jar ... o.k. , the graham cracker crumbs go in first -LRB- on the bottom -RRB- . The cooking directions tell you to mix the graham cracker crumbs with butter and make a crust on the bottom of the pan , then pour the rest of the jarred ingredients over it ... how exactly do you do that.My daughter is making lots of jars from this book - but we have yet to cook one - I 'm a little afraid of what 's going to happen.Also , some of the recipes are just the same recipe with a different name and the ingredients in a different order ...
 I was extremely unhappy with this book , a few of the recipes were alright . However , many of the recipes were very dry and hard to form into cookies due to not enough liquid . Another problem was the ability to layer all the ingredients into the mason jar !!!! THEY WOULD N'T FIT therefore having ruined a whole recipe of ingredients .
 The oatmeal cookies in this book are terrible ... Sawdust must taste better and it will be more moist . I think she cut back on the recipe quantity so they would fit in the jar ... whatever she did it turned out very wrong .
 I did n't want to give these as gifts before trying out the recipes . The first one I tried made cookies that were about as dry and as hard as rocks . The second recipe made cookies that came out like pancakes that I had to scrape off the pan and throw out . I was n't interested in wasting more time on any others . I modified one of my own favorite recipes to fit in a jar .
 As a Christmas tradition , we make up a recipe in a jar to give every year to all of the couples in our family . We always pre-make the recipes to ensure that we like the way they taste before we give them to friends and family . We carefully selected a cookie recipe -LRB- Death by Chocolate Cookies -RRB- tried it , gave some to our friends , everybody loved the recipe . I stocked up on sugar and cocoa , lined up my jars and started filling them . Luckily I ran out of flour at 7 jars -LRB- forgot to get more flour when I was stocking up -RRB- ; I say luckily because by the time I had 2/3 of the sugar in one of the jars -LRB- with the chocolate chips still to go -RRB- I was completely out of room ! Now , mind you , I DID make the age old mistake of assuming -LRB- and we all know what happens when we assume -RRB- that the recipe would fit in the jar without adding up the measurements of the ingredients to discover that I had about 5 cups worth of ingredients to go in a 1 quart jar -LRB- and yes , that IS what the book calls for , we double checked ! -RRB- so I now have 6 jars with a bunch of flour , cocoa , baking soda , and salt and 1 jar with all that plus 1 cup of sugar and I am about to go dump all of it in the trash ! While I have been writing this , I assigned my husband to check some of the other recipes and he has discovered 1 out of 5 recipes so far that will actually fit ! The recipe that we tried was tasty , but if you are buying it for jar recipes , pick a different book !
 The plot was thin . We followed characters that had absolutely no bearing on the plot . Some of the prose , while stylish and full of images , seemed random and sometimes confusing . This story had a lot of potential , but it feels like a 3 page short story stretched to make a novel . Not Zelazny 's best work .
 I ordered the book expecting a definitve guide to the rat terrier breed and was very disappointed . The information contained within the book was very general and there were more pictures of nylabone chew toys than you could shake a stick at - the author must have stock in the nylabone corporation . Hopefully someone will come out with an exceptional guide for this exceptional breed - until then , do n't waste your time or your money .
 I have n't quite figured this book out yet . At times it seems like a compilation of different authors as the tense seems to change from chapter to chapter . There 's some neat information in the first half , but as some have already pointed out the second half is generic in it 's dog care.While the pictures were in themselves nicely done , 80 % of the dogs shown were overweight and did n't even match the standard set on the inside covers of the book.Of course if you do n't like nylabones stay away . If you are interested in rat terriers this seems like the best first attempt but you can get more accurate images and information on the rat terrier sites on the web .
 I bought a puppy from this woman in 2002 , and she gave me a free signed copy of this book . My dog has mange and two luxating patellas . I wrote her to warn her of the genetic problems with her breeding stock , and to tell her that otherwise I adore my dog . What I got back from her were angry , ignorant replies where she accuses me of trying to get a free dog from her . I told her that a `` free '' dog from her would definatly not be `` free '' . Please do not support this woman , and by all means , do NOT buy a dog from her ! If you 'd like to see the email transcript - see my puppy 's blog at Myspace -- user name is weasagail . For what it is worth , her book has nice pictures of rat terriers , but thats about it -LRB- as other reviewers have described much better -RRB- . At the time I received it , it was literally the ONLY rat terrier book out there , and therefore it was the best . But the day a second book became available , this one became worthless .
 I stopped reading this book part-way through the second chapter . The author 's writing style in uninviting , and some of the material in one section is repeated in a later section . My wife read more of the book , and found that some sections of the book read like they were cut and pasted from earlier sections of the book . The author also repeats as fact the story that Theodore Roosevelt named the Rat Terrier . In other sources that I have consulted , this story is presented as legend . In one source , the breed of the dogs owned by Roosevelt was something other than Rat Terrier . I , too , disliked the many photographs of various dog chews and toys . I purchased my copy from another on-line book store . I did n't think before ordering it to check for reviews at amazon.com , I wish I had . I will be returning my book .
 The history is somewhat informative . I felt the information was n't breed specific enough , more like generalized canine information . The pictures did not represent what a good quality rat terrier SHOULD look like . Most dogs pictured had oversized ears , buggy eyes , and their confirmation was awful ! Most of the rats pictured in this book are poor representations of the breed , and would motivate most purchasers to steer clear . - A breeder in Colorado .
 A Complete and Reliable Handbook is neither complete nor reliable . Penned , obviously , by an author who loves her rat terrier and who enjoys telling stories , the book contains very little usable information . It has no guidelines for training that are specific to the breed , no cautions for health concerns that are prevalent in rat terriers and has only a brief history with no sourcing . Additionally , many sections read like product advertisements , touting the wonders of Nylabone.This is a fine book for general information and for `` awww , how cute , '' but turned out to be not at all what I needed .
 While this was admittedly a first attempt at defining a diverse breed , the effort expended does n't warrant the price required , NOR does it do the breed ANY justice.The information is general at best , misleading or just plain wrong at worst - for better general info of canines check out The Art of Raising a Puppy by the Monks of New Skeete . The grammar and organization is non-existant and does more to confuse than clarify . The majority of the pictures do not represent the look of the breed and it will require a much more in depth investigation to dispell their misrepresentations - Anne Blair 's Ratter Chatter would give potential Rat Terrier owners a much more accurate , specific overall view of the breed , even though it is aimed at people who are already owned by Rat Terriers.Save your money !!! Flip through Linda Hibbard 's book in the bookstore an example of what Rat Terriers should n't look like , and then buy ANY other dog book for general dog info . OR contact a local breeder , rescue , dog club - you 'll get a much better idea of the strengths and weaknesses of this wonderful breed , PLUS you will be able to see what a Rat Terrier SHOULD look like .
 As many have said , this book is just too generic . Beyond that , I must take issue with the comments by `` A reader from colorado '' above . Millions of dogs die in shelters each year because breeders massively overproduce puppies to conform to some artificial human standard of beauty . Who the # -RRB- -LRB- @ * $ * -LRB- cares ?! It 's personality that counts . If you want a Rat Terrier or any dog -- do not go to a breeder but visit your local shelter or an on-line resource such as Petfinder.org . Breeding dogs should be criminal until every single unwanted canine has been placed in a permanent loving home . I have a rescue RT , and she is a fantastic girl . She had in fact been dumped by a breeder at animal control after she stopped `` producing '' . Disgusting !
 WOW ! That was a whirlwind of chaos and loose ends never tied up.I loved the first two books in this trilogy and could n't wait to get my hands on the last book , the conclusion of what , until now , had been a great story.Things kinda fell apart in this book . Okay ... not kinda . They totally fell apart.The authors tried to pack so much into this one novel that it 's almost impossible to keep up with without a map ! It was rushed , and as a reader I felt it . It left me feeling winded and exhausted.As others have mentioned , the continuity in this novel leaves much to be desired . There were storylines left unfinished , big ones.Willow stops breathing and dies in one chapter , steps out of the room looking pale and ill and says to Cordy , `` I feel dead , '' in another chapter , and then is her usual self in the rest of the book . It ends with no conclusion or even acknowledgment that it even occured at all . I kept waiting for Willow to go evil and betray them , or take some kind of unexpected action as a result of apparently dying , but nada.Faith is thrown in the mix in a slick , almost after-thought manner that does n't do her character justice . -LRB- And that says a LOT coming from me , because I 'm not a Faith or Eliza fan . -RRB- She comes in and saves everyone , despite their obvious distrust , and then hugs Buffy and Angel before willingly going back to jail . She did n't even get a Thank You . It just did n't fly , it was never rang true or came to life for me.And then there 's Spike . I love this guy . Love the wit , the naughty undertone to his character and the huge heart he tries to hide . -LRB- Figuratively speaking , of course . -RRB- He 's a great character , and provides great comic relief . But what in the world happened to him ? What was the ending supposed to mean ? The story ended with him , in his pre-vamp body , running like a coward and hurling himself into a light , begging for help.Huh?When this book ends , it leaves the reader feeling like the story is unfinished . They crammed too much into it and it got sloppy . They could 've easily fleshed it out and added another novel to the series.A disappointing ending to what had otherwise been a terrific story .
 This book seemed pretty flat to me , compared to the characters on the TV show . Especially the sub-plot surrounding Spike . There was a lot `` happening '' in this book , but I could n't be moved to care much . Unlike the show , where you can go from tears to laughing out loud in a heartbeat .
 I do n't read Buffy books because they are great lit , I read them to get just a bit more fun from the characters I love . Even with that caveat , this series is a major disappointment . For one thing there is nothing `` fun '' about this plot . It 's all unrelenting gloom and boring dialogue -LRB- and what is Buffy if not snappy banter ? -RRB- . The writing is poor and there are silly errors , especially continuity errors - both from book to book -LRB- cotton pants turn to leather , even after we are told `` no clothing from animals '' -RRB- and from the series -LRB- Xander remembers Riley telling him Buffy does n't love him -- even though that moment happened AFTER this book takes place -RRB- . There are too many characters -- way too many -- so very little happens from moment to moment . It 's like a music video flashing from one thing to another , never giving you much satisfaction . And calling it a crossover when there is so little interaction , plus advertising Spike -LRB- whom the authors seem to despise completely -RRB- and Faith , was very deceiving . On balance , a very disappointing read .
 After reading the first two editions of the Unseen Trilogy I was thrilled to have my hands on the third and final installment . As a matter of fact , I was so excited I stopped reading my current book and started on Long Way Home -LRB- something I never do -RRB- . I was very disappointed.The first two book took Buffy , Angel , and their respective gangs on extraordinary journies full of adventure ; with exciting plot lines interweaved and created a complex , exciting , and though-provoking story that left my mouth watering for more . Unfortunately , the conclusion was a huge letdown.First of all there are a few inconsistancies . The third book does not pick up where the second book left off . In fact , it 's as though the final few paragraphs of Doors To Alternity never even happened . Secondly , within the prologue there is a major continuity discrepency . The book takes place between seasons 4 and 5 of the series , however there was a direct reference to something that happened well into season 5 ! I was annoyed that the writers and the editors did n't catch it.My major complaint about the plot was not the lack of imagination , cause there was certainly plenty ; it was the congested feeling . Too much was happening at once . I think Holder and Morriette should have slowed down a little . It felt as if they needed to get everyone 's point of view into the book so that the story could move forward quickly . It had a very rushed feeling and it was exhausting to read . Many of the subplots -LRB- i.e. Kate -RRB- were pointless , anyway ! they could have cut a good 50 pages just by leaving the jibberish stuff out!I enjoyed the Buffy and Angel subplot , but I thought Spike 's part in the story was ludicrous . The back of the book made it seem like he would be a major contributing factor to the events and in reality he was n't . Faith did n't appear until the story was nearly over and the writers did not do a good job with the characterization at all . More intriguing characters , like Anya , were not in the book nearly enough and I think if they did less with Spike they could have fit these characters into the story.The biggest thing I disliked about the book was the outcome of the rival gang . It was too quick . The series spent three books leading up to this event and the end was rushed , incomplete , and quite ridiculous . I do n't want to give away too much , but why would Buffy and her friends risk gunfire and such ? -LRB- . . -RRB- There were good parts to the book . I enjoyed the Buffy/Angel interaction . Cordy was written in a way very true to her character . I like the bond Willow and the bruja have formed . I think the story had the feel and texture of the show . It just did n't compare to the first two stories . I do not recommend this book unless you really want to know what the outcome of the first two books are .
 I LOVE Buffy The Vampire Slayer , and Angel ... but these 3 books were SO boring to me . I could hardly get through them .
 I 've been teaching SAT and SAT II courses professionally for around 5 years , and I can honestly say that this title was one of the least-popular and least-helpful books I have EVER used . The title -LRB- or sub-title -RRB- of the book states that this is the most comprehensive title available -- that 's the problem . It 's far TOO comprehensive . It includes lots and lots of information that has never been on the test , and that is very unlikely to appear on the test in the future . -LRB- If you learn EVERY word in the dictionary , you 're sure to get a good verbal score on the SAT , but there are FAR more effective ways to INTELLIGENTLY improve your vocabulary ! -RRB- To make matters worse , it seems to have been written BY math lovers FOR math lovers and is nearly incomprehensible to someone who 's not a math lover . Hey , if you love math , then you do n't need a prep book for the SAT II in the first place ! The book has way too much information to absorb , the practice tests are unrealistically difficult , and there 's no easy way to use only selected portions of the book -LRB- for an abbreviated prep based upon the most important concepts , for example -RRB- . This book feels like a desk reference for mathematics , not a study guide.In my classes and tutoring , I 've found that the books by the big test prep companies -LRB- Princeton Review and Kaplan -RRB- are concise , accurate , and logically arranged . If forced to choose , I give the Princeton Review title a slight edge above the Kaplan book , but both are excellent titles . I suggest getting both the Princeton Review and the Kaplan titles -- compared to a prep course or college tuition , they 're an amazingly inexpensive investment.How much did I dislike this book ? After reading the title , I bought a dozen of them to use with my students -- but after using it for one group of students , I ended up shipping all of the unused copies back . These criticisms apply to both the Math IC and IIC books -- I do n't know about the rest of the books for the other subject tests .
 I gave myself enough time to review with this book , but it did n't help me at all . I wound up desperately searching for my old school notes to help me understand what the book was trying to explain . I struggled to absorb the information in the book because there was so much of it , and after I took the test I found out that most of it was extraneous . I got a 630 on the test , and while that is n't a terrible score , I bought the book in hopes of working up to somewhere near a 700 . I could have gotten a 630 on my own , without wasting my money on this book.There has to be a better review book than this . Try as hard as you can to find something else .
 This guide does contain a lot of valuable information , but it is very poorly written - not a professional quality document - lengthy , wordy prose , long paragraphs , poorly organized . For some reason , these calculators are plagued with horrible documentation , no matter who writes it . Apparently , the assumption is that if you 're smart enough to use them , you should be smart enough to figure them out . This is true - but it 's time consuming and not worth it unless you REALLY need the functionality they provide . If you must use one of the advanced HP calculators , this pamplet may be of some help if it does n't give you a headache - otherwise buy an HP 40GS , which is the best grapher on the market by a long shot and costs half the price of a 50G . 40GS comes with a great manual and is very intuitive to use and program .
 Well , I am 33 pages into this and having a difficult time of it . The author uses WAY too many sentences -LRB- and sometimes paragraphs -RRB- to explain/describe even simple concepts , then proceeds to repeat the same things over and over , when two or three sentences would communicate the concept nicely . Feels like it was written by Jean Auel -LRB- in her last few books -RRB- . Just get to the point , explain it clearly and concisely and do n't go on and on about it.I am reading it for a class I am about to take and I really hope the rest of the material -LRB- 4 more books -RRB- is n't this poorly written . If so , I might need to take a different class .
 I strongly recommend that you do n't buy that edition in any circumstance ! It 's just a photocopy , with lots of underline . Some pages are really hard to read . Funny thing
 This is the worst quality book I have ever purchased . The publisher -LRB- it appears to be booksllc.net -RRB- just photocopied at 1946 Oxford University Press edition , complete with faded print and the previous owner 's UNDERLINING -LRB- !!!! -RRB- , and made a print run . I will be returning this outrage immediately and purchasing the 1958 Oxford edition instead .
 As another review has mentioned , this is just a photocopy -- literally , a photocopy , printed and bound , complete with UNDERLINING by the previous owner . This is absolutely ridiculous and I ca n't believe Amazon sells it . I 'll be returning this immediately , calling amazon and complaining very loudly , and buying a real book .
 I bought this book and was given a refund , but I want to let people know that they 're better off buying a printed copy of the book . The Kindle version is a cheaply produced version.This Kindle version has numerous errors in spelling and formatting . It was obviously scanned and OCR 'd from the printed text , but has not been proofread . For instance , these words are at the first Kindle location
 This copy is only a low-quality PHOTOCOPY book of the original one . DO NOT BUY THIS . It is not worth your money.I am very disappointed to find out Amazon allows this item on shelf .
 Poorly written , with wooden characters . The history is there , but the writing quality is n't . Fie on the WSJ reviewer who listed it as a must read -- this was to writing as Kenny G. is to jazz
 Who is Joe Nickell ? What are his qualifications for these research endeavors and the knowledge to properly assess all parameters involved in scientific research ?
 Until photography was invented and a negative image of the shroud was first seen , -LRB- 1898 -RRB- nobody had any idea that such detail was present in the cloth . The positive image as had only been seen for so many centuries looked to be no more than a shadow of a man . So yes , the `` medieval forger '' was clever indeed . Apparently he did n't want his trick to be even played until 5 centuries after it was allegedly created . -LRB- He knew , no doubt that photography would inevitably be invented , clever fellow . -RRB- He was also very daring , putting the nail holes in the wrists , rather than the palm which had been the traditional location . And if it is , in fact , a fraud , then we should be able to crank out duplicates , hand over fist today , no ? Then how come no one has remotely succeeded ?
 I do not know whether the Shroud of Turin is a fake or not , but the issue , contrary to the claims of this book , has not been solved . Before you decide that I am just another gullible , credulous `` believer '' , let me show you otherwise . I am actually a skeptic myself . I am a former member of the South Shore Skeptics in Cleveland , Ohio , a supporter of CSICOP , and I have even attented several lectures given by Mr. Nickell . First of all Mr. Nickell is no James Randi ! Mr. Nickell 's `` explanations '' for the unexplained always are strained and require so many leaps of faith , that one might just as well believe in the original claim . Mr. Nickell has almost zero credibility as a debunker of the strange and unexplained . Skeptics and debunkers are certainly needed , but people like Mr. Nickell give the rest a bad name , which is why some are skeptical of the skeptics ! The most blatant example of this is Mr. Nickell 's explanation of the Mystery of Oak Island . Oak Island is beyond the scope of this review , but it is a real legitimate mystery . Anyone who wants to learn how pathetic Mr. Nickell is can read about Oak Island on the Internet , and then read Mr. Nickell 's explanation of it and the issue of Mr. Nickell 's credibilty will be settled . Now on to the Shroud . Mr. Nickell has an axe to grind . He decided before even writing the book that the Shroud had to be a fake , because of his strong atheistic beliefs and decided that since he could `` duplicate '' the Shroud himself , it had to be a fake . The truth , however , is that he could not , and did not duplcate the Shroud image . Mr. Nickell 's method of brushing the image leaves behind directional brush markings . There are none on the Shroud . The image on the Shroud is 3 dimensional , Mr. Nickell 's image is not . Mr. Nickell 's whole book is a red herring for those that are uncomfortable at the thought that maybe , just maybe , the Shroud is authentic . The Shroud is a real mystery and should be treated as such . This artifact has been seriously studied more so than any other ancient artifact in history . It is not something that can be dismissed in one book , especially by the likes of Mr. Nickell who by trade is only a mere magician with no scientific training at all . The other glaring problem with this book is that Mr. Nickell relies so heavily on the `` research '' of Dr. McCrone , who stated that before even examining the Shroud , that `` he knew it was a fake '' and was gon na prove it ! What objectivity ! Dr. McCrone 's work has been proven to be corrupt and his conclusions wrong . He claimed that the Shroud does not contain any blood and that the image is made from paint . He has been shown to be wrong on both accounts , and Mr. Nickell is still standing by his corrupt research afraid to admit that he made a mistake . I do not know whether the Shroud is authentic or not , but I do know the following
 In his Shroud book Joe Nickell , alias James Randy , has cleverly managed to mask his strong antireligious bias , in order to give his `` inquest '' an air of scientific detachment , while applying at the same time consequently the classical recipe of evidence picking.From these tactics a book has resulted which , unfortunately , is bound to impress the uninformed and easily satisfied , who will not be aware of how selective Nr . Nickells evidence is.Yet , a REALLY sceptical reader should be able to detect here and there some of the clues which indicate that there is something inherently wrong with Mr. Nickells way of arguing.For instance , when the author puts forward the ridiculous claim that a technically and artistically very deficient pilgrims medallion PROVES `` that the imagery -LRB- on the Shroud -RRB- was formerly much stronger than the faint sepia image of today '' . A simple glance at a picture of it would reveal to anybody how preposterous that claim is . Is it perhaps for just that reson we do not find any picture of the medallion in this book?The whole of the historical argumentation of Mr. Nickell is based on one single piece of evidence , the famous letter of Bishop d'Arcis from 1389 , which he flatly states to be beyond any doubt , although the evidence of that document is not corroborated by any other source of that time . Where has gone all the scepticism of Mr. Nickell who , normally , does not believe one word of what a bishop says ?? Worse than Nickells feigned naivity is the obvious fact that he has systematically eliminated all the evidence present in his own sources -LRB- Ian Wilson , Thomas Humber -RRB- that went against the reliablity of the said document , evidence which has since been strengthened by additional discoveries , just as has been the disproval of Nickells claim of `` thirteen centuries of silence '' before the appearance of the Shroud in France in the mid 14th century . Quite a number of gaps of evidence have been filled , apparently unknown to Mr. Nickell . In his update chapter to the original book he has not seriously discussed any of the important new evidence , preferring instead to confine himself to topics for which he has an easy answer ready.On the very same line is situated the `` refutation '' by both Nickell and his main contributor , John F. Fischer , of the evidence put forward by the STURP experts Heller and Adler
 It is safe to assume that if you are considering this book , you feel you have ingested enough theory and are now ready for the nuts and bolts of assembling a vacuum tube amp of your own . -LRB- Not the least of which regards the critical importance of safety when dealing with lethal voltages -RRB- My rating of this book is a little low , inasmuch as the buyer might be disappointed to see so few words about assembly , and so many more chapters of theoretical/empirical esoterica . The author here is no slacker . He obviously has spent a lifetime in the field and has a vast body of expertise to share ; and does so in that ever popular British circumlocutive amble . There is indeed a lot of subtle minutiae in the book that is informative , entertaining , and edifying . But are n't we interested in what to do and what not to do and why we do it this way and not that way regarding assembling the actual components ? You can find all that info in this book ; including what tools will help immensely and save a lot of starting over , and cursing inanimate objects on the way to starting over . -LRB- and be encouraged to discover that even this practised author , Morgan Jones , has a bit of dread when he first powers up-hoping not to see sparks & smoke ! -RRB- But there are a couple more books that you might also consider : ... On precisely what is taking place in a tube amp , one can do no better than to make sure to have on your electronics shelf , An all American classic by the late great USAF Colonel John Rider -LRB- of Rider Technical Publication fame -RRB- - a reprint of his superbly well written `` Inside The Vacuum Tube '' . He takes you one step at a time ; and at the beginning of a new chapter , reviews `` what we learned , and explains what we will now learn and now build upon in the next chapter '' . In other words , it is a very well thought outand in depth treatise , with a beginning a middle and an end . You will emerge with a command of vacuum tube circuitry.Once that is digested , ... and perhaps you are precisely at that point now ... you want to know exactly why you use this value of resistor , and that value of capacitor , and this arrangement of components , and not THAT kind of resistor , etc , . . and I do mean exactly how ... you will find no better book than another fine reprint by the title of `` Mullard Tube Circuits For Audio Amplifiers '' If it comes down to choosing one over the other , with both time and budget concerns ... I 'd go for the Mullard book , hands down , nol contendre . It gives all the exact reasons for why we provide feedback , precisely how the phase splitter splits the signal for the push pull , and why we even want a push pull rather than a single ended amp ; and diagrams for drilling out the chassis , and time honored , and tested methods of assembly . 'S alright ? ` Salright !
 For your own good , do n't take the advice of people saying that this book is `` great for beginners '' etc. . A background in electronics will help you , but an understanding of general amplifier design , practices and layout is assumed by the author and this book may be over your head at parts otherwise . Also , the author is british , so he 'll write something like HT and you may not know that that means high tension which is britspeak for high voltage.Also , I was hoping to get a solid guide on circuit design as well as amplifier construction and layout , but the circuit design is almost completely absent . Perhaps this is too much to ask for ... after all it 's `` Building Valve Amplifiers '' not `` Designing Valve Amplifiers . '' If you want to design and build an amp , this book is only the second half of the solution.With that said , it is probably one of the best resources once you reach the build phase of your project . The author gives numerous valuable tips to avoid humming , distortion , shocks , and all other negativities that can occur with tube amps .
 This is an acceptable guide for those who are completely unfamiliar with the construction of their own electronic equipment . If you have never built electronics and are n't familiar with the basic tools and techniques , this is a suitable text . It discusses tools , very basic sheet metal working , electronic construction techniques , and common pitfalls.If however , you have some knowledge of electronics construction , then you can safely pass by this book . The author covers the basics of safety -LRB- important when working with voltages over about 70 volts -RRB- and construction but spends the entire volume on the very basic aspects of the topics covered . For example , there is a discussion of appropriate soldering iron tips and making good solder joints . Good information for the uninitiated , but hardly advanced topics . There is also a discussion of the differences between analog and digital volt meters . Again , the raw basics for getting started but not the higher level details for which you might be looking . I bought this book looking for some information on how various design flaws might manifest themselves in amplifier performance . I found nothing of the sort . There are some very basic discussion of potential sources of hum and crackle in the sound , but that 's it . No discussion of component interactions , nonlinearities , field interactions , or appropriate shielding . The author also seems to have some serious misconceptions on grounding and ground currents . Be careful following his advice on this topic.Don ' t get me wrong , this book and the author 's companion book `` Valve Amplifiers '' both contain some good information . However , it is beginner level information . I am a twenty year Electrical Engineer looking for specific information on certain topics . As such , I found both the author 's books rather disappointing.If you 're new to electronics construction and vacuum tubes , you 'll probably find this book helpful . However , if you already have some experience with electronics design and construction , you probably need to look for something a little more advanced .
 Good for building tube amp for hi-fi applicationsAlso writen in UK so there are some minor differences that need to be addressed if building in USA
 I 'm dissapointed with the book as it does not give us enough information on holistic aspects of Tube Amp building as it contain too much of unnecessary basic information and pictures . I think it 's good for an overview for valve amp building theory but not practical .
 This book in my opinion is not what I had expected . If one has not used any kind of tools , does n't know what a screwdriver is , this book might be for them . There were some interesting suggestions . No schematics or very little . If one has worked with electronics this is a book to avoid . I wished I had not bought it . There is far better information on the internet , lots better and it pretty much free . The title really does not fit the info held within it 's covers .
 I read this book as I child and bought it for my granddaughter . I re-read it to preview it for her and was very disappointed that it does n't have any pictures . Throughout the book the author describes things and says , `` Here is a picture . '' But there is only text . I would have paid more for a better edition . It is a great story and still of interest after almost 100 years .
 I am the purported author of this book to be , yet I have never heard of it . Is Wiley planning something here ? Huh ?
 As the previous reviewer states , this book makes little attempt at objectivity , since it is written by a South Sudanese -LRB- Dinka -RRB- living in America . Unlike him/her , however , I feel that as a result of the subjectivity , I am still relatively uneducated about the civil war in Sudan . Concessions to SPLA brutality are fleeting and apologetic , and there is , I believe , no mention at all of the actual war between Khartoum and the SPLA -- a major drawback for me , considering the book 's title . The vast majority of the text deals with slavery . Jok attributes quotes to various Northern politicians , then admits in the footnotes that he has `` no documentation as to when this statement was made , '' but rather attributes them to `` popular political discourse . '' The most interesting parts for me were discussions of the roots of the North/South conflict in the Turco-Egyptian , Mahdist and Anglo-Egyptian occupations -LRB- especially the latter -RRB- , but again these were frustratingly brief . In response to the previous reviewer 's confusion , I believe that the contention is that Arabic , Muslim northerners have historically looked down upon African -LRB- though they 're all African -RRB- , Christian/animist southerners , the roots of which sentiment seem to be age old . It is understandable , however , that one would be fuzzy on the exact argument . The causes all seem to blend together ; indeed , the entire book struck me as being rather poorly organized . Many terms or events were redundantly recounted/defined three or fours times in different chapters , the same points are made repeatedly , and the conclusion chapter is really a digression on the redemption program . Lastly , the actual writing could have used a thorough editing . Many sentences came off as rather awkward , and it seemed as though footnotes were often missing where they should have been . I suggest that one seek out a more objective account , at least as an introduction to the Sudanese conflict .
 This painfully sincere novel fails on many levels . It is haphazardly imagined and arbitrarily constructed , and its characters are cardboard-thin . Its protagonist , physician Martin Frame , is the son of a brutish doctor who treats hysteria with adamantine harshness . Unlike his father , Frame does not believe that women should be treated like barnyard animals ; he is interested in applying a version of good old Freud 's talking cure to women in distress.A friend of a patient introduces him to the Wildes , and Frame is smitten with Constance 's constancy . Plus , she smells good and appears to be halfway bright . He feels compelled to aid her in recovering from her attachment to Oscar.This is in some ways an interesting premise , but Elfman does n't go far enough in imagining these people and what their relationships could have been . Writing historical fiction requires a certain amount of brashness , a willingness to presume to speak for the dead . That does n't happen here ... Elfman seems overwhelmed by the significance of what she is about.The structure of the novel also leaves something to be desired ... chapter epigrams seem arbitrary in this short first-person account ; they read like bits of preliminary character sketches and research notes , draft work that should have been edited out of the final product.What is it about Oscar Wilde that makes him so difficult to capture in print or on film ? The recent awful biopic of Oscar was every bit as wooden as this well-meant but unsuccessful novel .
 I REALLY loved this book , was pulled in by the author 's great writing and story line . Many have already reviewed the excellence of the book ... but I wanted to give a heads up to the Pro-life Christians out there . The author basically gives the typical `` if you are brain dead you are dead and thus it 's moral to remove life support '' . Such as air -LRB- yes , this can be morally acceptable -RRB- ; but she also says you can REMOVE the IV ! and basically dehydrate a person to death ! This was VERY disturbing to me ... a person , even if they have no brain activity , can not be dehydrated or starved to death , they deserve basic dignity as humans . As can be seen in many , many cases where the person `` woke up '' and had heard all the nasty comments from doctors , etc from when they were `` brain dead '' ... doctors simply do not understand so called `` brain death '' , and I do n't believe it 's simply a miracle that brings them back ... yes , God has a hand in it , like all . But it 's morally okay to remove a respirator if they do n't have much hope , but it 's never morally acceptable to starve a person , period . It basically ruined a very good book for me to have this happen , and I do n't appreciate it from a Christian author.Other than that the book was top notch , and I will still be reading her other books ... just wanted to point out what nobody else had .
 I had discovered this author last spring and liked her books -- I had read 5 of them . Secret , Unforgotten , Echoes and also Twilight , A rush of Wings , The Still of Night . So I was eager to read more . This one was not what I expected -- a downer . I just could hardly finish it . I had also gotten Freefall , but am not planning to read it . Not sure why the change in the writing .
 A fast and light read but did n't have the depth I like to find in a story . It was an interesting plot on the surface and there was enough to it that I did finish it but I wo n't read it again . Once was more than enough for me . It is a good clean book and if you have nothing else to read it will do but if you have other selections I would try those first .
 I was excited about reading this book . The first bio I turned to was that of my favorite , Buster Keaton . After reading a bit of the bio , I put the book down and returned it back to the library where I got it . The information listed in there was wrong . They had a couple of facts that were not true , so that left me feeling very disappointed . If that one bio was filled with misinformation , how many others are ?
 Cool idea BUT , this is n't really worth it . I bought it for myself but would never use it . On a positive note my 14 yr old liked it . I would n't recommend it for an adult .
 I bought this book , excited about the prospect of a great book that would be interesting and different . It is a book that says what it is , but as a teacher , I could make all the signs that are in it and have access to most of the documents that could be legally binding . I was disappointed but should have known better ...
 I read one of Diana Palmer books in the past and did n't particularly care for the hero in the story . I figured I would give her another shot . All 3 of these stories along with the previous one read makes me realize that I ca n't abide her heroes . If your thing is dealing with extremely mean spirited men who are also whiny as well as bullies , then these stories are definitely for you . It 's just disappointing to me that these big , strong , hot mean are such big babies . What a waste of testosterone .
 Could ` nt wait for a new book to come out imagine my surprise when i opened this book and saw it was a rerelease of long tall texans 3 so if you want to read this book go to the library and pick up long tall texans 3 dont waste your money buying men of the west
 Two powerful interstellar magnates vie for control of human-controlled space in this early -LRB- 1959 -RRB- John Brunner novel . This is the only novel of Brunner 's that I 've read , but I have to assume that he improved considerably later since he produced two very highly regarded novels , `` The Sheep Look Up '' and `` Stand on Zanzibar . '' This book is a bit of fluff that displays all of the worst traits of Golden Age science fiction -- a nave faith in the ability of extraordinary individuals -LRB- invariably scientists -RRB- to engineer the optimum human destiny , and a maddening tendency toward endless exposition delivered through interminable conversations . The hero , Counce , subjects people to horrendous fates , including starvation and torture , all in the name of a greater good -- and they love him for it later . I do n't think this novel has ever been reprinted -LRB- I came across it in a used book store -RRB- , and I can understand why .
 Apparently , Amazon is selling a Kindle version of Penguin edition . Nevertheless , it is a sloppy edition by digireads , without introduction , index or explanatory notes . Since this is a work in the public domain , that can be found for free in respectable internet sites that offer classics in Kindle format , it is not acceptable to charge any money for it , unless it comes with some additional value . For less than what it is asked for this , you can get , also from Amazon , the complete Stevenson 's works in a neat edition , perfectly formatted and with good indexes -LRB- Delphi Classics -RRB- .
 If you want to discover a beautiful and wild French region through the eyes of a Scottish writer , read Travels with a donkey . Stevenson , before he became famous , depicted his journey in the cevennes , with his donkey `` Modestine '' . Rediscover the excellent style of a young writer about to become world-wide-known .
 Pathetic cut and paste typical of TFH . Oh , and the company also owns Nylabone , which they promote in every book . Make sure that you do n't get one of their HOLLOW Nyalobones for your Neo . TFH has no scruples whatsoever .
 Having purchased several Little Critter books years ago , I was disappointed at how flimsy the book cover was . I expected a more durable product .
 I was a little surprised by the content of this book . It is really not a book I would recommend . It is about a Grandma who takes her grandkid to the beach and nothing goes right . Then it ends . I thought it could have been more meaningful .
 As good as this book may be , the print quality is so bad that I can not read it . Zero stars would have been more appropriate .
 The book had a great heroine , funny plot , good writing ... And one of the rudest heroes I have ever come across in a romance written in this decade . Omigod . He did n't just leap at conclusions , he pole-vaulted into them.Maggie is a soap opera actress . Her character is having fertility problems . So somebody leaves a baby on her doorstep . I 'm not into the `` baby '' books Harlequin thinks we all love . But this one had potential.Then , Jared , the so-called hero , came along . He made all sorts of assumptions about the heroine , based on the usual zilch evidence . She 's an actress , so she must be vain , shallow , and in it for the publicity . He mocks her , makes baseless accusations , gets hits by feelings of jealousy he ca n't quite understand . Oh , brother.Jared 's feelings about actresses are later explained -- sort of . I was n't satisified with the explanation . Also , I was uncomfortable with the idea that this guy who hated show business was a pediatrician who treated the children of performing artists . What a professional attitude.It should come as no surprise that I gave this a D + at All About Romance .
 This book says `` Creative Movement for Children of All Ages '' on the front cover . First of all , this book is for children aged 2-5 years old . I would not do ANY of the activities in this book with anyone over five years of age . If you did , the children would horse laugh you and totally withdraw from the lesson , because the activities are not age appropriate for anyone older than five . Four and five may even be pushing it for some of the activities , which would be best for 2 and 3 year olds . That 's the first bad signal about this book.The second is that the three authors are sisters , and that is n't going to offer a range of perspective.The first author listed is involved in drill , cheerleading , and beauty pageants . How you derive creative movement experience from these contexts is dubious ... . I question the artistic integrity of the instruction delivered by people involved in these areas . Children who participate in the above areas do not create , they mimic.There are themes for each lesson ... I thought that `` Zany Day '' and `` Happy Day '' were wearing pretty thin in the theme department . `` Motion Day '' and `` Fun Day '' ??? Should n't all the lessons involve motion and fun ? I was appalled by their choice to include `` Indian Day . '' This book was published in 2003 . I understand that we are all attempting to become more multicultural in our classrooms , and that none of us is perfect . And I do n't mean to bring up the author 's religious affiliation . But I am from Utah and the authors are part of the Mormon Church , as they state in their introductory bios . I know the Mormon Church 's historical view of Native Americans , and it is blatantly racist . To include `` Indian Day , '' in which a shabby `` tee pee '' is constructed and the children paint `` war paint '' on their faces and run around impersonating Native American tribal dances is way off the mark . I would not include elements of cultural dance , folk dance , or diversity in a program for children until they were capable of understanding the history of the cultural group being studied and appreciate their particular form of dance . This lesson in particular is absolutely a red flag.The lessons are on the whole not very creative . There are a couple of things I might use with a three year old class , and that 's it.If you want a GOOD BOOK on children 's creative movement , please see `` First Steps in Teaching Creative Dance to Children '' by Mary Joyce .
 Although I have not yet read the original French publications of these essays , I must express my dissapointment with this translation . Whoever did this job simply must have a far better understanding of the language than they do ! As a native English speaker and as a student of the French language for four years now , I implore that far better work be done in the future to bring to the English speaking world the beauty of Camus !
 `` The Rebel '' is a book of tremendous , though unfulfilled potentials . Though it contains a wealth of factual data , Camus 's examination of the paradoxes of revolt misfires on account of the faulty premise of its argument
 I picked up this book with great excitement , only to be thoroughly let down . The plot was original , but very uninteresting and it seemed to go nowhere . Aside from that , the characters were also very poorly written . Silas was the only one in the story that I actually looked forward to reading about . Cherish to me was whiny and weak , and I found myself hoping she did n't win the love of Silas until she could change her spoiled ways . Her father did a complete 360 in the story , between paternal love and obsessive protection . He randomly over-reacted about Silas , which was not , in my opinion , part of his nature . The dialogue throughout the book was rushed and forced , the characters were extremely underdeveloped , and the end just left me unsatisfied . This one does n't rank anywhere close to the author 's first book , `` WILD ROSE . '' There 's such a drastic difference in the plot and characters that I 'm somewhat leery to pick up the next one .
 On viewing this book , I see it very useful to me.I will surely by one once I come to Denmark .
 Along with Duiker , Marr is one ingorrant of history in Vietnam in its people . Ho Chi Minh was a thief , murderer and cruel dictator as the world has seen in Hitler , Lenin , Stalin , Pol Pot and many others of the 20th century.Ho Chi Minh was never a nationalist , he worried about his own persona and legacy to Vietnam as much as the dictators of the world worried about their image . He was a communist because no regular government would have listened to his crazy mind using it as a mean to his end . Just like Hitler , he was nothing until some desperates listened to his so called charisma . When he lead the Communists in Vietnam , he was a much as fault for the 3 millions killed during the war . He , himself ordered executions of countless civilians as they refused to follow him . He forced thousands of Vietnamese to labor and camps in the North . From the North through the South of Vietnam , people were scared of the Communists , that 's why the exodus of millions to the South in 1954 when the country was divided . And again in 1975 , millions more left the country because the communists took over the rest of the country.Do you really think the Vietnamese wanted Ho to lead the country ? Would they submit themselves to tyranny and death camps so they can enjoy the lives of a communist ? No ! They fled everywhere Communists appear . Because in the Communists ' eyes , anyone who is educated was a traitor , anyone who had different ideas than theirs , anyone who had religion , land , some kind of assets , some kind of beliefs , who hold traditional values was a traitor to their cause , and therefore they must be dealt with with torture and death to the whole family , as an example for others . Please refer to the movie `` Killing Fields '' as an illustration of what was going on with Cambodie and Vietnam . It was never on the media because journalists were never allowed on the other side of the fence , were n't they ? The only thing you could see is just what Americans and the South Vietnamese were oppressing to the poor farmers . And how Jane Fonda made herslef useful to the NVA.So please explain to me where Ho was a nationalist and a liberator?Thirty years after the fall of Saigon , Vietnam still struggles with poverty , corruption and Communism where the rest of the world around Vietnam has taken off . Thanks to Ho and his communists , all the intellectuals of the country are either in jail or fled out of the country , and 95 % out of the 80M Vietnamese is in poverty and earn less than $ 500 per year . And you can vote and have some kind of freedon only if you were to join the Communist Party . The rest of the people wo n't be allowed to voice their fears and frustations.What kind of freedom and democracy is that ?
 The strategy in this book is too old , with all the new young players these methods would be way too mild . Aggression is the name of the game today .
 This is the last William W. Johnstone book I buy . It was a pathetically written story . Bad spelling , and they could n't even keep the characters names right . Some of the dialog was disgracefully juvenile . Plus the prices are going up when they should be going down .
 I was told that Amanda Cross was a good mystery writer and looked forward to reading some of her works . After reading 4 of these short stories , I put the book down and will not look for any more of her works.I tried to over look the excessive use of fractured compound sentences , but the bizarre resolution of the stories was more than I could bear .
 Without going over the plot -LRB- already well articulated by the other reviewers and Amazon staff -RRB- , please find my opinion here only.My advice is to skip this one ! I had previously read SERAPHIM which was most enjoyable . But , this particularly story falls far short of the quality of Hauf 's first book.Although the character of Rhiana would seem to be interesting by description -LRB- a tall Amazonian dragonslayer with tumbling garnet-colored tresses ... a gold eye and a green one ... a woman capable in her warrior skills , yet unsure of her feminine attributes ... -RRB- , she actually is not compelling at all.Bored at reading the first fourth of the book , I had to do my `` stinky book trick '' which is to jump to the end and read the last few chapters . -LRB- If the ending looks better than I expect , I will go back and read the rest . -RRB- Unfortunately , except for her eventual meeting with Seraphim & Co. at the end , the culmination of the story seemed just as weak and predictable . So , I closed the book and piled it on my `` already been read '' pile and did n't waste another minute of my time.I had just finished reading Michelle Sagara 's CAST IN COURTLIGHT which was infinitely more compelling , so perhaps the blandness of this story came in the comparison for me . But , if I can help another reader save a few bucks in the bookstore when they pick up one of this slightly bigger and more costly paperbacks , I like to do so.So my advice is to skip this one ... look at the pretty cover art at the store ... skim the book jacket overview ... peek at the last chapter ... and then put it down and move on . If you have n't read SERAPHIM , do so because that is a much better read . But , save your $ on this one !
 I have never been so negatively moved by a book that i felt it was my duty to inform others of its stink . the character in this book was a horrible human being , and as i read on -LRB- yes i did read the whole thing -RRB- i expected that there was some way she would redeem herself in the end . i was dumbfounded to discover there was no growth or emotional arc for this character . it was frustrating to read , and i am mad at myself for giving it the chance that i did . i bought this book special for a beach reading vacation , and feel slighted that it was in my suitcase at all ... i waste of time , even while reading it poolside ...
 I 'm sorry I wasted my time with this book , if that is indeed what this hastily-thrown-together mishmash is supposed to be . Here 's why you should n't waste your time reading it : There are far too many characters , and you wo n't care about any of them . Emily simply rehashes to her therapist every guy she 's dated , all of whom fit into stereotypical `` types '' -LRB- i.e. mama 's boy , surfer dude , various forms of philanderers -RRB- . Even her best girlfriends are ciphers , with no distinct personality traits . -LRB- Note to aspiring authors of chick-lit
 1 . No plot2 . No character3 . No originality4 . No wit5 . No way!I 'm surprised Helen Fielding has n't sued yet . What Fielding did with Bridget Jones is far superior to this obvious knockoff . Emily , the main character here , does little more than spew insights about the previous men in her life . This is not riveting reading , folks . There is none of the sparkling introspection of Bridget Jones , and the fact that Emily has the requisite female friend duo and the gay male sidekick only serves to further diminish the originality of this pale imitation .
 `` Hollow independence '' ? I 'll take it any day over `` empty marriage '' ... been there , done that . Thank God for divorce . And a biological clock ticking loudly at ... 30 ?? Um , this is the 21st century . No gal 's `` clock '' should start ticking loudly enough for her to notice until several years beyond 30 . Basically , Emily is a caricature written by a woman who thinks dumbing down her prose and staying shallow are sure-fire ways to get published and sell books . Maybe she 's right . I do n't like taking this kind of insulting drivel from another woman , though . `` No sex equals calls '' ... well , perhaps from men who are equally invested in game playing as the one dimensional scheming women in Gerlach 's book.Don ' t buy the book . It will only encourage her to right more garbage like this .
 This book is basically about a 30-something Botoxed woman who ca n't stop telling us what kind of car she is driving . It must be very difficult for an author to make her heroine so unappealing , we wonder why anyone would be attracted to her in the first place , but somehow , the author manages . Her friends are underdeveloped characters and I dont think I need to be told the same `` reasons why not '' three times -LRB- one list for every guy is okay , but we get THE SAME lists during each chapter , at the end of each chapter , and then again at the end of the book -RRB- . The only highlight of the book is her connection with Sam , her dog , and even that relationship did not feel `` real '' to me when Sam was sick . Do n't bother with this one .
 This book was horrible . I think the editor was on vacation because there were so many grammatical mistakes and sentences that just did n't make sense . The time line of events was disjointed and I never got the feel of how long these relationships actually were . The book had no flow and you found yourself not connecting with any of the characters . Which is odd because the scenarios Emily went through were so universal that you should have been connecting with her . The other characters might as well never even been in the book they were so pale and underdeveloped . Why even put them it ? Filling space I guess . The men Emily dated were such stereotypical men that you did n't feel sorry for Emily -- you felt like yelling at her for being so utterly stupid . And to put so much emphasis on sex -LRB- which is all she seemed to think a relationship was about -RRB- just made her character even more unlikable . I rarely write reviews , but this book was so terrible that I just had to .
 I love well-written chick lit books by the likes of Sophie Kinsella and Emily Giffin . I found Emily 's Reasons in the bargain bin at Target and picked it up . The lack of even ONE positive review on the cover or inside the book should have been a tip off -LRB- the only endorsement is a lukewarm quote from Brittany Murphy -RRB- , but I purchased it anyway . As another reviewer noted , the character is unlikable , and the book is so poorly written and edited that it is rendered unreadable . If the TV show was as bad as the book , it 's no wonder it was cancelled after one ep . The bigger mystery is who was dumb enough to option this tome as a TV series ...
 This book wanted to make me scream . I like my books light and fluffy and do not mind detaching from reality to get into a book . But this was absolutely insane , I can not believe I managed to finish the book . Emily is not really a very likable character and so spineless and wussy that I could n't take her .
 Unfortunately , this version of the famous Hamilton 's book contains only the second volume of the entire book -LRB- one can see inside the words `` Volume 2 '' and `` Book 3 '' in it 's first pages -RRB- , so all the basic definitions about quaternions are not present there . Only the more advanced applications of quaternions -LRB- the last part of Hamilton 's original work -RRB- can be found on it . I bought this book and it had n't a practical use for me , so I had to download the full version from internet , in pdf form , by free , in order to find what I was looking for . Result
 The author , Jonathan Sarfati , tries so very hard to make natural observations fit into a very tightly constrained literal interpretation of genesis . He tries hard but ultimately fails . He fails because he has internally inconsistent arguements . For example , evolutionary change in `` types '' after the flood is acceptable to him but evolutionary change prior to the flood from a more common ancestory is unacceptable ; the flood killed off every single representative of several species INCLUDING aquatic species and burying their bones catastophically , `` like a cement mixer . `` The PhD after his name does n't qualify him as an expert in far-flung fields , yet he has the galling hubris to act as though he understands genetics and molecular mechanisms of DNA change in a very intimate way . This arrogance would n't be so annoying if he did n't make obvious errors central to many of his arguments . For example , breeding and specialization does not involve a loss of genetic information -LRB- alleles -RRB- but a modification of an existing pool . Also , there are well-observed mechanisms causing an increase in genetic information such as gene duplication , transposition , and repeat errors in DNA copying.One last word . While Sarfati condemns evolutionists for being unwilling to think outside of our box and being restrained by academic tradition , the irony is lost on him that his absolute dependence on an already preordained interpretation of events is far more dogmatic and closed to further investigation than any evolutionary biologist could ever be.If you search for your answers in genesis , do n't bother with this book , it presents plausible but erroneous data to justify a matter of faith . If you consider yourself an evolutionist , like myself , do n't bother with this tripe unless you enjoy being annoyed by facetious arguments .
 Since the subject of this book as a whole is just to silly to contemplate , I will simply reply to John Doughboy 's review below where he says , `` The book is valid '' -LRB- Note , he 's from Texas -RRB- ... Now , for one thing , BOOKS are not the sorts of things that * can * be Valid . Only arguments can be Valid.The Philosophy of Logic tells us that a deductive argument is said to be valid if and only if it takes a form that makes it impossible for the premises to be true and the conclusion nevertheless to be false . Otherwise , a deductive argument is said to be invalid.A deductive argument is SOUND , however , if and only if it is both valid , AND ALL OF ITS PREMISES ARE ACTUALLY TRUE ! Otherwise , a deductive argument is unsound.Now -LRB- I do n't think it is but -RRB- it may be the case that the arguments in this book are Valid . But they are MOST DEFINITELY NOT SOUND . Evolution is a FACT . Thousands of scientists , including religious , God-fearing scientists Know this to be the case.Intelligent Design is NOT SCIENCE . In order to be a science you have to be able to make * a prediction * and then * test * for it!But here 's the Big Point for these so-called Christians ! What ever happened to FAITH?Faith is a very powerful thing and you either have it or you do n't . And if you * do * have it , you would probably assume that the condition obtains , or could obtain , for any number of people . And if you have faith , then you do n't need ID . Religion is a heart thing , not a head thing . That 's why Jesus and Mary in Catholic paintings are always pointing to their burning hearts and not their heads ! Even the Buddhists have their `` 1000-petaled Lotus '' which is the heart and all it 's layers like the petals of an artichoke -LRB- Lotus is a member of the artichoke family -RRB- -RRB- one must pull back all the layers of one 's heart to get to the truth at the core -LRB- Nothingness -RRB- . So this whole head/intellect/ID / argument thing is kind of a cop-out from the religious angle in all actuality . It shows the weakness of the ID proponents own convictions and the fact that they LACK faith . That 's how I read it.Hegel thought that one could , at last , contain all of experience , including religious experience , in a logical system . Many of Kierkegaard 's writings are in reaction to this idea . Kierkegaard wanted to prove that Faith can not be contained in a logical system , because it is , at base , paradoxical . It is the condition of holding two completely contradictory beliefs at exactly the same time -- a state which can not exist in logic because of the law of non-contradiction . So Kierkegaard says , `` I can not understand Abraham '' because Abraham knew , at the same time , that God wanted him to murder Isaac and at the same time that God would never let him kill Isaac . If he leaned one way or the other it would not be faith . Faith has to believe both equally at once . The Knight of Faith knows that it is impossible to ever win the Princess 's heart , and yet at the same time , he knows the Princess will be his . That 's Faith ... knowing with all your heart that it is impossible for something to be true and believing it to be true with all your heart anyway.As soon as you go off in search of some kind of empirical proof for what you believe -LRB- e.g. the goal of ID -RRB- you have fallen out of the paradox , which is to say , out of Faith . You are a Hegelian looking for a system.I DO think there is something beautiful about the underlying ** poetics ** of ID -- but like it was for the German Romantics who called Nature `` God 's other Book '' -- they saw order and structure too and saw it as a proof of a Creator . I love that aesthetic ! But as far as it works to be a science , it is no better than seeing the Virgin in a tortilla.The sad thing is that people who believe in ID have no understanding of science , and moreover , no faith in God .
 Hearing that I was an athiest , a co-worker suggested I read this book . Yuck.This book is so poorly constructed that I find myself despairing to see that it sells in America . Does this guy Sarfati even understand what evolution is ? This is a list of piecemeal arguments that are individually flawed and as a whole present no convincing alternative to evolution . It seems that the only people that will be able to consume this book are those that wo n't read anything else about evolution . If someone were to read this and then read something like Richard Dawkin 's `` The Blind Watchmaker '' or `` The Selfish Gene '' , then this book would seem ridiculous , not to mention poorly written.Truly this is bad science writing . I can not imagine someone could misinterpret things so , accidentally . I believe the authors willfully misrepresent the facts with the intention to mislead the lay public , who they know will most likely not be checking their sources or reading other literature in the field.In the end this is just more fodder for the poor sheep that buy into this stuff . I 'm convinced the majority of the readers of this book live in an insulated intellectual environment where this book , their local preacher , and their creationist friends are all they hear from . Scary . My coworker is insane . Or I should say my ex-coworker . Where do they teach people to be so crazy ? Did I miss the day when they were teaching insane at school ? How does this stuff sell ?
 Although it appears that the reviews and `` useful votes '' posted here are biased in favor of creationism , I 'll post my review anyway . I was given this book by a friend , and I thought it will be interesting to know what the point of view of creationism with respect to science/evolution is.The author , who by the way is very well knowledged , throughout the book uses very `` scientific '' terms in order to dismiss evolution . In order to make his point , he has selected some `` hot '' topics in science now , such as if the birds descended from the dinosaurs , or not . He also goes to length in describing how whales did n't evolve from land mammals , how humans did n't descend from apes , how the age of the Earth and Universe is more accurate put in ~ 6000 years , etc. . To support these , the author discards radiometric age determination , cites a new cosmology that will allow the light from distant galaxies to travel to Earth in less than 6000 years , and uses gaps in the fossil record to discard evolution.I think it is a pretty mediocre book , since it does n't bring anything new to discussion , just makes up some ideas , and calls communists and atheists to all the `` bad '' scientists . And , when the author does n't have an explanation , he refers to
 It would be an interesting and informative exercise for both sides of the creationist/evolutionist debate if someone could produce some statistics on the proportion of readers of this sort of publication were bought to the fold of the lamb by it and the proportion who on reading it realised that the writer and many of his adherents had very real problems and were led to the assumption that all Christians were that way inclined and decided that they wanted nothing to do with them or their beliefs.If only from a crass marketing point of view the churches should give this some consideration if they are tempted to go along with these people with the intent of making new converts.Brian Giles
 Science is about making deductions from factual evidence . It has no means of explaining anything that is supernatural.However , religion requires the belief in supernatural forces and at least one supernatural being.That DOES NOT mean religion is wrong , it just means it is a different subject matter than science and therefore DOES NOT belong in a science classroom.You would n't expect English literature , music , history and other such subjects to be taught in a science classroom . Neither should religious beliefs . I , for one , am perfectly happy to have my religious beliefs kept out of science classrooms . I do n't need science to tell me there is a God . I do n't need - or want - my religious beliefs to force science to be conducted in a certain way . Quite frankly , anyone who feel that the honest teaching of science is a threat to their religious beliefs is someone who has great doubts about their religious beliefs !
 Science in no way refutes evolution , if used correctly . The authors of this book do n't have an inkling of what ` science ' is . If you 're thinking about buying this book , do yourself a favor and go buy `` On the Origin of Species '' by Charles Darwin . That is , if you care about the truth . This book is full of lies . What it preaches is blatantly wrong and you would be a fool to believe a word of it .
 This -LRB- comic -RRB- book tells us much more about the mentality of it 's authors and readers then it does about evolution . And more importantly it helps to explain how the Repiblicans could convince a majority of voters to vote for an intellectual midget like G.W. Bush.It is now clear that an American conservative is one who believes that there is proof that Iraq possessed weapons of mass destruction , but that evolution is an unproven fallacy!God -LRB- or Darwin -RRB- help the United States of America !
 Sometimes you can tell a book by its cover . The illustration gives everything away . A menacing hammer labeled `` SCIENCE '' is crashing through a glass window that represents evolution . Implicit in the image is a promise totally unfulfilled by the contents of this book - that ` science ' -LRB- as mangled and misused by the author -RRB- somehow refutes evolution!Cynically intended to separate uncritical creationists from their money and the actual facts , this aggressively mediocre publication is typeset in a large ` Weekly Reader ' font and format that keeps your fingers constantly busy flipping from page to page . Which is appropriate since `` Refuting Evolution '' is essentially content-free . If Jonathan Sarfati has any honest cards to play in the seemingly endless game of whack-a-mole that scientists are forced to play with Young Earth Creationists -LRB- YECs for short -RRB- , he should write them up and submit them for peer review in a credible scientific journal . He wo n't because science is hard work and Sarfati can make an easy living by taking unfounded pot shots at evolution.The threads of error woven into Sarfati 's tapestry of nonsense are numerous and perverse . Here are a few highlights : Sarfati postulates that a lack of helium escaping from the atmosphere of the earth supports its ` youth . ' He deliberately ignores the evidence NASA , and many others , have accumulated on helium escape that deflates this lighter-than-air YEC balloon.He also trots out the discredited canard about ocean salinity supporting a young earth interpretation . Unfortunately this creationist gambit conveniently omits well known mechanisms , such as basaltic lava quenching , that removes sodium from the ocean.Another whopper posits that radioactive potassium and uranium are `` easily dissolved '' in water and that the leaching of these parent radionuclides from rocks supposedly disrupts radiometric dating calculations . Even if this was the case - and it is n't , the minerals these elements form has everything to do with weathering and solubility - this weak argument ignores lunar samples obtained by Apollo astronauts from earth 's airless and waterless moon.Physics , chemistry , and geology falsify Sarfati 's hand-waving , assertions , and ` Jesus just-so ' stories . How about biology?Here Sarfati resorts to what I like to call the creationist ` argument from low self-esteem ' - he attempts to invalidate the molecular phylogenetics that show an extraordinarily close relationship -LRB- 98 % commonality -RRB- between human and chimpanzee DNA - and fails spectacularly.From chromosomal fusion and pseudogenes to retroelements and transposons the scientific reality of evolution is expressed in the DNA of every person on earth -LRB- including Sarfati -RRB- . These relics -LRB- literally -RRB- are millions of non-coding segments of DNA , snippets of our genome that eloquently document common descent with uncommon clarity and incontrovertible evidence.Specifics include how human chromosome 2 resulted from the fusion of two separate chromosomes -LRB- corresponding to chimpanzee chromosomes 2A and 2B -RRB- after the lineage leading to modern humans split from the one leading to contemporary chimpanzees.Transposable elements , also known as transposons and retroelements -LRB- aka ` jumping genes ' -RRB- , such as Alu elements , HERV-K , CMT1A , and GULO provide exacting confirmation of human evolution and our ancestral affiliation with other primates.Pseudogenes -LRB- including unitary pseudogenes , duplication pseudogenes and retropseudogenes -RRB- also supply eloquent evidence for evolution . Comparisons of pseudogene sequences across species reveal a consistent pattern . Human pseudogenes are most similar to those in chimpanzee DNA , and are highly similar to those of other primates . Species as divergent as rodents and humans also display some degree of ancient pseudogene similarity - additional evidence of our shared evolutionary history with kindred primates , and more distantly related mammals.Genomics research addresses the evolutionary relationship between humans , chimpanzees and gorillas . Mitochondrial and nuclear DNA sequences both show that humans and chimpanzees are more closely related to each other than either is to gorillas . Genome-wide comparison of the human and chimpanzee genomes spectacularly confirms that the genes , chromosomes , transposable elements , and pseudogenes of humans and chimpanzees are strikingly similar.Human mitochondrial DNA diversity , X-chromosome diversity , Y-chromosome diversity , and diversity of DNA sequences in all chromosomes unambiguously reveals that the evolutionary cradle of humanity is located in sub-Saharan Africa , and also tracks subsequent migrations across the entire globe - initially to the Middle East and Asia , then Europe , Australia , and the Americas.So much for ` science , ' ala Sarfati but then this book really is n't about science at all . `` Refuting Evolution '' is a desperately shrill and pandering mishmash of fundamentalist theology and amateur hour apologetics , based on a literal misreading of Genesis and other parts of the Bible . ` Truthiness ' is no substitute for the truth ; scientific facts , however well supported and tested by experiment and inference , are routinely feed to Sarfati 's faith-based shredder to justify his absolute and dogmatic faith in an allegorical creation myth.Earth to Sarfati - evolution is a solidly established and widely accepted scientific theory with vast explanatory and predictive power , based on a solid foundation of supporting evidence . Get over it . You may as well deny gravity -LRB- Newtonian or General Relativity -RRB- . Worship as you please and find spiritual solace in Genesis if you must - but do n't pimp science to prop up your irrational and medieval worldview .
 It appears that Creationism has evolved significantly over the years and is converging to closely match modern evolution theory . In his book Refuting Evolution author Jonathan Sarfati Ph. D. easily accepts formerly proscribed facts
 Like most creationist books that I 've read , this one is full of elementary errors in astronomy , chemistry , geology and the nature of science . For example , when arguing for a `` young '' Universe , Sarfati -LRB- p. 113 -RRB- claims that no stage 3 supernova remnants exist in our or neighboring galaxies . However , 166.2 +2.5 , 180.0-1 .7 , 189.1 +3.0 , 279.0 +1.1 , and 290.1-0 .8 are just five undisputed examples of these `` nonexistent '' remnants.Sarfati -LRB- p. 113 -RRB- also claims that a `` lack '' of helium escape from the atmosphere supports its `` youth . '' However , recent NASA images show helium and other gases being SWEPT from the Earth 's atmosphere into deep space . One event occurred on September 24-25 , 1998 after a solar coronal mass emission.So , why do n't creationists use heavier gases -LRB- e.g. argon -RRB- that wo n't readily escape into space when they try to date the Earth 's atmosphere ? Perhaps , it 's because the atmospheric 40argon/36argon is consistent with an ancient Earth -LRB- Dalrymple , 1984 , p. 83 ; Krauskopf and Bird , 1995 , p. 576 -RRB- and it can not be distorted to support their interpretations of Genesis.Using poorly known numbers from his allies , Sarfati -LRB- p. 114 -RRB- argues that salt concentrations in ocean water should be much higher if the oceans were billions of years old . This argument also fails . When hot basaltic lavas erupt onto the seafloor , they remove sodium from seawater as they quench . This process , called albitization , refers to the accumulation of sodium in the cooling rocks during quenching . Because creationists ignore this important sodium-removal mechanism , their salinity calculations underestimate the age of the oceans.Sarfati -LRB- p. 110 -RRB- also claims that radioactive potassium and uranium are `` easily dissolved '' in water and that the leaching of these parent radionuclides from rocks supposedly can disrupt radiometric dating calculations . However , as taught in any introductory chemistry course , -LRB- does n't Sarfati hold degrees in chemistry ? -RRB- water solubility and the ability of uranium , potassium , and other elements to weather out of minerals depend on the compounds that contain the elements and the oxidation state of the elements . For example , uranium -LRB- IV -RRB- is generally insoluble in water , but -LRB- UO2 -RRB- +2 is highly soluble -LRB- Langmuir , 1997 , p. 495-496 -RRB- . Potassium chloride is very soluble in water , but potassium muscovite is not and it 's low on Goldich 's weathering series . Even if Sarfati 's accusations were true , they 're irrelevant to radiometric dates on rocks from the airless and waterless Moon .
 Sarfati 's ` book ' - small pages , large font and all - seems to be a collection of half-truths , bizarre extrapolations , aspersion casting , and nonsense . Does anyone really wonder why the only people that give it the time of day are lay creationists?The laughable naivet&eacute; displayed by Sarfati in his description of molecular phylogeneticsindicates that he has at best a cursory understanding of it . Considering that Sarfati may have had Batten lookover this section for him - a creationist that has made many of the same errors in his own writing that Sarfati does in his book - there is little reason to wonder how such nonsense made itinto print.Sarfati 's ` common designer ' alternative is a case in point . He mentionsonly similarities - if he had an understanding of how such analyses aredone , he would - or should - have known that it is not mere similarity thatindicates descent.If this ` common designer ' schtick of Sarafti 's and other creationists made any sense , should notthe DNA of a whale be more ` similar ' to that of a shark , given theirmorphological similarity ? Sarfati even alludes to this when he mentions therelationships of crocodiles to chickens rather than reptiles -LRB- whichactually , contrary to Sarfati 's ignorant implication , makes perfect sense -RRB- . Furthermore , Sarfati makes a blatant false claim on p. 83 : `` Similarities between human and ape DNA are often exaggerated . Thisfigure was not derived from a direct comparison of sequences . Ratherthe original paper inferred 97 % similarity between human and chimp DNAfrom a rather crude technique called DNA hybridization . `` In reality , the % ` similarity ' figures had been batted about for a fewyears - it was the Sibley paper that got quite a bit of attentionbecause 1 . DNA-DNA hybridization compares the entire single copy genome2 . Sibley and Ahlquist were accused of fraud because they did notexplain the techniques they used in deriving their figures and whenothers replicated their work , they came up with slightly differentnumbers.The original numbers were gleaned form direct DNA sequence comparisons , and , sadly for Sarfati 's readers -LRB- and Sarfati himself -RRB- , the numbers have been borne out by ever morestudies using many more loci.Studies pre-dating the S&A ; paper cited in Sarfati 's book : Chimpanzee Fetal G-gamma and A-gamma Globin Gene Nucleotide SequencesProvide Further Evidence of Gene Conversions in Hominine Evolution.Slightom et al. , 1985Mol Biol Evol 2 -LRB- 5 -RRB- :370 -389 . This paper found a 1.4-2 .25 % nucleotide difference , depending onwhich sets of alleles are compared . -LRB- 1.8 kilobases -RRB- . That is97.75-98 .6 % identity.Primate Eta-Globin DNA and Man 's Place Among the Great Apes . Koop etal. , 1986 . Nature 319:234 -238 . This paper found a 1.7 % distance measured by direct comparison ofaligned nucleotide sequences -LRB- 2.2 kilobases in a pseudogene -RRB- . That is98 .3 % . Just one paper of many post-dating it that come to similar conclusions : A Molecular View of Primate Supraordinal Relationships from theAnalysis of Both Nucleotide and Amino Acid Sequences . Stanhope etal. , 1993 . In Primates and Their Relatives in PhylogeneticPerspective . MacPhee , ed.This book chapter discusses Epsilon globin gene , -LRB- ~ 4 kilobases -RRB- , 1.1 % . That is 98.9 % identityWhen one knows a little bit of science , creationist claims can seem tohave merit.When one knows quite a bit of science , one can see how shallow and nonsensical creationist claims can be.On the next page , Sarfati refers to electrical engineer ReMine ` sself-promotion book and his application of `` Haldane 's dilemma . '' Whichit would seem Sarfati does not appear to understand any better than ReMine does.Sarfati writes : `` Population genetics calculations shows that animals with human - likegeneration times of about 20 years could substitute no more than about1700 mutations in that time . `` Where to start?What is the evidence that the ancestor of both humans and apes had a 20year generation time?Sarfati presents none . ReMine did n't either.Sarfati does not mention that the calculation applies only to fixed , beneficial mutations , and not all mutations -LRB- most of which are neutralwith regard to fitness and so can accrue much faster in a population -RRB- . Why is that ? Was it to make the total estimated difference betweenhumans and chimps seem that much more unbridgeable ? Or was it becauseSarfati , like his Answers in Genesis colleague , Batten , does n't understand -LRB- or care about -RRB- the difference?Did Sarfati present any evidence that even if that number is correct , thathuman evolution can not be accounted for?No . Just assertions and emotional rhetoric.Most other topics were dealt with in a similar fashion.Of course , as is clear from the many positive reviews , the average reader will not know - or care about - the disinformation , the errors of omission , the empty rhetoric , etc.Again , when one knows a little bit of science , creationist claims can seem tohave merit.When one knows quite a bit of science , one can see how shallow and nonsensical creationist claims can be .
 I read this book as a science teacher seeking to understand the fiercely critical stance of some holy rollers in regards to teaching/not teaching evolution in the classroom . I went into the book with an open mind , seeking to understand , and after the first two pages I was so offended I was turned off to everything the author had to say . The author takes many liberties with his blatant stereotypes and clumping of all scientists together into one group of `` humanists '' and claims that we are teaching our `` own religion '' . I would submit that religion should be taught at the church and in peoples homes where it BELONGS and let us do our job of teaching science in the classrooms . We DO NOT teach that any religion is bad ... WE AREN `` T ALLOWED BY LAW to talk about religion . I think it is arrogant of this author to even suggest that we should teach creation in the classroom . What about all of the other faiths ? Should n't we teach those too ? And what do you know , we will be turning a science class into a religion class . Evolution is a theory and should be taught that way . This book is just more fuel for the fire and does nothing to clarify the issue for me . The author quotes other authors out of context in a vain attempt to cast a dark shadow on the science community . I am offended by it in the worst way .
 For the most part this book presented a good technical look at the scientific problems of evolution ; however , there were a few points that troubled me .1 -RRB- on page 24 of the book , Mr. Sarfati stated that science flourished in Christian Europe while it stagnated in the rest of the world and that it was a fact attested to my historians of many religious persausions -LSB- including some athiests -RSB- . However , when he went to provide documentation for this claim , he cited a young-earth creationist source . He could have make a more powerful claim by citing one of these other historians , particularly one of the athiest ones .2 -RRB- I was dissapointed by the inclusion of young-earth creationism in the book when the arguments refuting the neo-Darwinian paradigm was in no way enhanced by such inclusion . The material was of a high enough quality to stand on its own.Point number two , as stated above , is perhaps the most damaging charge . The title of the book clearly states that the purpose of the book was to refute evolution -LSB- by evolution , I mean the neo-Darwinian paradigm -RSB- . Its stated purpose was not the propogation of the young-earth position . By including such material , it detracted away from the excelent anti-evolution material presented and calls into question what the true purpose of the book was.Was it written to refute evolution as the title of the book implies , or was it written as a means of proselyting readers to a specific theological interpertation -LSB- i.e. the young-earth interpertation of Scripture -RSB- ?
 Sarfati 's book contains countless errors and numerous misused references . For example , when arguing for a `` young '' Universe , Sarfati -LRB- p. 113 -RRB- claims that no stage 3 supernova remnants exist in our or neighboring galaxies . However , 166.2 +2.5 , 180.0-1 .7 , 189.1 +3.0 , 279.0 +1.1 , and 290.1-0 .8 are just five undisputed examples of these `` nonexistent '' remnants . Sarfati -LRB- p. 113 -RRB- also claims that a lack of helium escape from the atmosphere supports its `` youth . '' However , recent NASA images show helium being SWEPT from the Earth 's atmosphere into deep space . One event occurred on September 24-25 , 1998 after a solar coronal mass emission . Considering these readily seen escape mechanisms and the effects of modern helium pollution , the helium content of the Earth 's atmosphere in NO WAY conflicts with the ancient age of the Earth . So , why do n't creationists use heavier gases -LRB- e.g. , argon -RRB- that wo n't readily escape into space for `` dating '' ? Perhaps , it 's because the atmospheric 40argon/36argon is consistent with an ancient Earth . Sarfati -LRB- p. 114 -RRB- further argues that salt accumulation in seawater indicates that oceans are `` young . '' However , this argument fails because creationists have refused to properly consider the removal of sodium from seawater by erupting basalts -LRB- albitization -RRB- . Albitization is real and EASILY identified in the glass rims of pillow basalts . All of Sarfati 's attacks on radiometric dating are also erroneous . As one example , Safati -LRB- p. 110 -RRB- claims that with radiometric dating , potassium and uranium are `` easily dissolved '' in water . However , solubility and weatherability depend on mineralogy and oxidation state . Uranium -LRB- IV -RRB- is generally insoluble , whereas UO2 +2 is highly soluble . Potassium chloride is soluble , but potassium muscovite is not and it 's low on Goldich 's weathering series . Clearly , Sarfati does not understand simple chemistry.Geologists know that sediments may be deposited slowly or rapidly by mudslides , earthquakes , hurricanes , volcanic eruptions , and other NATURAL catastrophes . Yet , Sarfati 's -LRB- p. 105 -RRB- discussions of a rapid depositional event at Mt. St. Helens are presented as news . Besides Pompeii , there have been numerous studies over the years that support rapid NATURAL deposition , including the 1973 studies at Laacher See , Germany . Sarfati -LRB- p. 106 -RRB- also mentions creationist Berhault 's lab work on rapid sediment layering as if it 's news . However , Berhault 's results are similar to layering in catastrophic turbidites , which geologist Bouma described in 1962 . Sarfati -LRB- p. 105-107 -RRB- is also mistakenly believes that local natural catastrophes can just be scaled up to produce Noah 's flood . As geologists discovered by 1840 , nature refutes creationism -LRB- e.g. , blueschists , varve cycles that correspond beautifully with the Earth 's 100,000-year eccentricity , thick non-hydrothermal salt deposits , extinct short-lived radionuclides , radiation movement from the Sun 's core , fossil soils , metastable aragonite and obsidian , in place coral reefs and their growth rings , silica cement , fossil desert ventifacts , and even polonium haloes according to a 1989 article by Odom and Rink -RRB- . Polystrate trees may form from modern mudslides and hurricanes . However , sometimes , their formation is much slower than Sarfati -LRB- p. 107 -RRB- realizes . For example , in 1700 AD , an earthquake caused some coastline trees in Washington State to sink to a few meters below sea level . They 're still standing today and are slowly being buried to form polystrate trees . Other modern polystrate trees occur in Texas and at Mt. St. Helens , all without Noah 's Flood.Sarfati -LRB- p. 110 -RRB- mentions how creationist Austin obtained `` anomalously old '' radiometric dates from Mt. St. Helens . Austin 's photographs CLEARLY show zoned feldspar and other broken xenocrysts in the volcanics , which indicate a long history . Considering the enormous number of microscopic xenocrysts in the photographs , it 's ignorant to claim that anyone could effectively remove them before the samples were dated . No wonder Austin got old dates . Interestingly , Austin 's dates of the impure mineral fractions are consistent with Bowen 's reaction series and indicate a LONG history for the volcanics.Sarfati -LRB- p. 18 -RRB- is correct that science only favors natural explanations . Natural explanations are superior to the wild , untestable supernatural speculations that originate from the boundless imaginations of creationists . If creationists believe that it 's suitable to invoke supernatural explanations in biology , why do n't they advocate their use in courtrooms , forensic labs , sanitariums , and hospitals ? Obviously , even creationists realize that bacteria better explain diseases than demons . Furthermore , any defense attorney would be disbarred if he/she argued that a demon and not the suspect committed the crime . Whether we 're dealing with a murder victim , thick salt deposits , or diseases , viable explanations do n't involve gods , demons , Noah 's Flood or Jack Frost . While creationists object to the lack of eyewitnesses and repeatability in paleontology , how many of them will object to the sole use of forensics with its lack of repeatability and eyewitnesses in criminal trials ? Murderers are often solely convicted on forensic evidence without any eyewitness testimony . Indeed , DNA evidence is superior to eyewitness testimonies , which often conflict . At the same time , forensic scientists may have less evidence for the death of a victim than paleontologists have for the death of a dinosaur . How many creationists will demand subjective eyewitness testimony before suspects may be convicted and executed?Sarfati -LRB- p. 15 -RRB- claims that creationists rely on science , but they really rely on `` god-of-the-gaps . '' Whenever science finds natural explanations and the gap closes , creationists simply remold their plastic Bible interpretations to claim that the Bible had the answers all along -LRB- e.g.,Sarfati,p.97-98 -RRB- or that the obviously ridiculous verses are just non-literal `` poetry '' -LRB- e.g.,Sarfati,p.100-101 -RRB- . Sarfati repeatedly attacks contemporary Christians that support an old Earth in ways that are far more childish than ANYTHING I 've ever seen among evolutionists . At the same time , Sarfarti -LRB- p. 26 -RRB- has double standards for famous unorthodox Christians of the past . For example , while denouncing Ross and other contemporary old-Earthers , Sarfarti praises Buckland , Cuvier , Agassiz and Kelvin . Kelvin , for example , believed that the Earth was older than 20 million years . Sarfati -LRB- p. 26 -RRB- also admires Newton , but ignores his Unitarianism . Sarfati -LRB- p. 29 -RRB- even praises Wernher von Braun , but overlooks von Braun 's nazism . Galileo , Copernicus and Steno were creationists as Sarfati -LRB- p. 26 -RRB- states , but considering the lethal intolerance of Catholics and Protestants back then , few -LRB- DaVinci , Buffon -RRB- were brave enough to criticize creationism . Because of the numerous errors in `` Refuting Evolution , '' this book fails to refute anything .
 Sarfati 's science is abysmal . Period . Victoria University of Wellington should be ashamed of itself if this is the kind of `` scientists '' it is turning out , although I suspect Sarfati 's religious pathology would misconstrue the facts of scientific reality no matter where he earned his degrees.REFUTING EVOLUTION is so full of elementary errors in astronomy , chemistry , geology and the nature of science , that I half-suspected Sarfati to be an ` agent provocateur ' really working in the service of science and that he was only offering up this book as ` disinformation ' to make the Creationists look bad by assuming they were either too ignorant , too lazy , or too complacent to bother researching his laughable -LRB- and patently inaccurate -RRB- claims.The more I read , however , it began to dawn on me that Sarfati actually believed the fantasies he was doling out even though they go against all the basic findings of elementary science . This is downright frightening , to see how religious fanaticism -LRB- a kind of mental pathology -RRB- should have such a stanglehold on what might otherwise turn out to be a strong and rational mind . It 's a pity to see such potential wasted in the service of supernaturalism , magical thinking , and science fiction ! What else is Sarfati deliberately and rigorously pretending not to know ?
 This book is not only unscientific , it is actually dangerous . I will make a statement that applies to all examples of mysticism masquerading as science ; 1 . When a person or a group begins with an a priori statement or assumption and then picks and chooses from amongst the existing data to make ideas fit around their a prioir assumption , that is ... well its not science people . 2 . Science seeks to disprove hypotheses , at the same time it seeks to draw the most reasonable and cogent conclusions based on the preponderance of the evidence . There is always room for `` alternative interpretations '' as one writer put it , however the most likely and simplest explanation -LRB- remember occam 's razor -RRB- should be chosen all else being equal . The fact is that the fundamentals of evolution are solidly proven up , and creationist ID ` er are choosing to play around on the edges where science and philosophy begin blending together somewhere over the horizon of provable science or understanding . But my real criticism is this ; if you want to believe in creationism I have no debate with that , people are entitled . When you start calling it science and dressing it up for the classroom , I develop something like outrage at the idea . I recently saw a news item on CNN that reported that something like 35 % of Americans are firm believers in some form of `` intelligent design '' , and another 35 % or so are unsure . The only question that remains for me is , if there is an intelligent designer , who created these people ? This is the kind of thing that will make the United States the laughing stock of the rest of the world . Keep ideas around intelligent design , etc. in its place -LRB- religious conversations , campfire discussions , church -RRB- and no one will raise an eyebrow , and besides , what is wrong with creationism being faith-based in the first place . Question ? Why the driving desire to legitimize it scientifically.Answer . Science is the new religion , and faith needs a foot in the door.Of course there is no shaking someone from a deeply held and emotional belief , so this will change no ones mind , but children who grow up with this in the science classroom are done a tremendous disservice . Teach children to think critically and be inquisitive and rational beings who will constantly challenge ideas and the rest will take care of itself .
 After forcing my creationist friend to read `` The Blind Watchmaker '' , I figured it was my duty to read a book on Creationism . I saw a friend reading this book , and decided to take a look.I was sorely disappointed . Even after having only one year of High School Biology -LRB- and reading several books on evolution -RRB- , I was able to find many flaws with the arguments - one of the main ones being that genetic material can not be created by evolution , which I knew had very little basis in reality.I was even further turned off by the discussion of the Young Earth hypothesis , and of evidence to the flood . While by no means an agnostic or atheist , I could not bring myself to believe that the Bible tells the exact story of creation , due to the overwhelming evidence to the countary , i.e , the earth is billions of years old.Also , after finishing the book , I found it quite easy to find numerous arguments against those presented in the book , furthing my disbelief.And yes , I do realize their are arguments against evolution , and that some evidence used to support it - such as drawings of embyros in early stages of development - is faulty . I remember seeing the drawings my freshman year , and at the same time , my teacher and textpoint pointed out their falsity . This book has no such tact in pointing out it 's old , many times refuted arguments .
 Creationist
 Ok , If ONE point stands up in this joke book , it is that PERHAPS DNA must have been introduced . Granted , I 'm High as hell - and you might have to be to accept this detail - but MAYBE God did decide to throw earth that bone . It kind of does make sense , -LRB- of course , probably just because our knowledge of the past does not reach this far yet -RRB- BUT , the ` what came first , the chicken or the egg ' mentality he presents us holds up fairly well . But then again , I 've got a few years of school in my future , it could all be just as retarded as the rest of his information seems.ALRIGHT PEOPLE LISTEN UP ! He bitches and bitches about no ` transitional ' creatures having been found -LRB- that is , IF you allow him his shallow discredits of Archeopterix -LRB- sp . -RRB- and friends -RRB- . ~ All I have to say to that is HAVE YOU EVER SEEN A FRIGGEN ' DUCK BILLED PLATIPUS ?!?!?!?!?! Oh , and those ` feathers ' on that lizard the media supposedly ` falsely ' reported on that turned out to be cartilage ... am I the ONLY one who sees this as obvious evidence of PREfeathers ?!?!?!?!
 There is n't a single item of science in this book . The authors try to use arguments long established as invalid to show the fallacy of evolution . They set up straw man arguments and then proceed to shot them down . What is the point . 200 years of science can not be undone by saying `` it just ai n't so ! '' .
 thoughtful scientists , and this book 's primary author is a testament to this claim -LRB- other reviewers have already provided some critiques that illustrate this -RRB- . If you are looking for a high quality treatment of evolution , try The Blind Watchmaker by Richard Dawkins . If you are religious/spiritual or trying to talk yourself into becoming religious/spiritual , do n't bother with either book . Religion is about faith , not logic and rationality -- and if you choose to have faith that is perfectly fine . If you are trying to find rational proof of God 's existence by reading a book that tries to discredit evolution , you are missing out on the most rewarding , experientially based aspects of spirituality -- aspects involving an experience of expansiveness and connection that is not possible through literal adherence to language -LRB- see , for example , Martin Buber 's book , I and Thou , or Pema Chodron 's When Things Fall Apart -RRB- . If you hope to convert atheists and agnostics to Christianity with the biased ` rational ' arguments presented in this book , they will miss out as well .
 Given Sarfati 's qualifications we may expect an authoritative scientific statement of `` Creation Science . '' Unfortunately , it is a rehash of all the old arguments rather than a report on scientific findings . Much of the book is given over to citing the Bible , and instructing us in what creationsts may or may not believe . Thus , `` the Hebrew words for the animals taken into the ark do not include invertebrates '' from which it follows `` they must have survived off the ark somehow . '' -LRB- p. 46 -RRB- . Yes , how , and what is the empirical evidence for this amazing statement . On the same page , Koalas could have migrated to Australia from Mt. Ararat . Could they really ? Just as easily they could have been dropped by UFOs . There is no evidence for either scenario . One has to conclude that Sarfati has no idea about science despite his Ph.D. . There is nothing new in Refuting Evolution . It is astonishing to see how much of modern science the fundamentalist Christians have to reject to uphold their faith . To support their imaginings , devotees have to reject all of historical geology and astronomical cosmology . Any evidence which shows the earth to be quite old must be rejected , which includes earth magnetism , nuclear physics , dendrochronology , as well as glottochronology . What is more , creationists also reject modern historical and archaeological scholarship which sees the story of Genesis as a myth borrowed from older Mesopotamian civilizations . At the end , Sarfati argues that the `` intelligent design '' explanation is legitimate . He fails to bring forward any evidence showing how a process of deliberate design may have worked . Rather it is the same old negative argument , nature is too complex for the trial and error of evolution . Not even the Bible describes a design process , rather the opening words of Genesis strike this non-expert as plain and simple word magic .
 Although the author would argue this point vigorously , this is not a book about science . It is a book about religion , as a reading of the first chapter would make completely clear . And it is not just any religious perspective , but that of fundamentalist Biblical literalism . This embodies the young-earth creationist -LRB- YEC -RRB- position that any scientific finding that is at odds with their particular reading of the Bible , especially the early chapters of Genesis , must undoubtedly be in error . This error is ascribed variously to an incorrect point of view on the part of the scientist -LRB- s -RRB- , to incompetence in performing scientific research , or to a satan-inspired will to disbelieve -LRB- with scriptural evidence provided -RRB- . Against such a backdrop , one wonders why scientific topics are discussed all , since any findings contrary to YEC dogma are rejected out of hand , and all that agree are accepted quite uncritically . The book does serve as a useful conterpoint to its principal target , the pamphlet `` Teaching about Evolution and the Nature of Science '' , published by the National Academy of Sciences . It mounts the standard YEC arguments in a wide variety of areas in sufficient detail for those versed in those subjects to see their emptiness . For this reason alone , this book belongs in the library of any scientist or teacher concerned with our national scientific literacy .
 I ca n't believe that so many people gave this piece of garabge high marks . This book and any thing else ever written Ken Ham is an absolute waste of a tree .
 Aside from the truth or falsity of the facts presented , this book serves more as a medium of insults to evolutionists rather than a respectable debate with them . Countless passive aggressive and unnecessary attacks on evolutionist in even simply referring to them , project the typical intolerant Creationist mindset rather than a respectable author.And yes , the cover is hilarious .
 Sarafati 's book begins promisingly , but soon degenerates into blatant and unashamed creationist propoganda . He presents a few problems regarding evolution that are worth ruminating over , but for the most part he merely contradicts himself and asserts , without evidence , that his view of the creation of the world fits sceintific evidence better than evolution does . The reader does not have to read far until Sarafati sheds any illusion of scientific fairness or reason . Good for an ardent creationist who would like a source to quote in argument , bad for anyone looking for any real scientific insight .
 Ahh ... yet another radical creationist trying to poke holes in the theory of evolution . Listen folks
 That this book is receiving these high marks is the saddest demonstration of the scientific illiteracy of the American culture that I can think of . Plain and simple , this is n't a book about science ; it is a book about religion . More specifically , this is a book for religious people who favor a narrow interpretation of their particular holy books over an accurate understanding of reality . If you are n't a religious zealot , then this book is n't for you .
 I 'm not a scientist . Science , biology and evolutionary biology are not my fields , so I leave the science to the professionals . What I would like to do is point out some of the author 's weaknesses in style and argument.The first thing that caught my eye and really surprised me was the authors frequent use of exclamation points within this text . To be honest I was shocked to see an exclamation point at all in a supposed `` scientific critique '' . You do n't really even have to be in a scientific field to realize the commonly known fact that exclamation points are not used in scientific works . Anyone taking a comp 101 class can tell you that you do n't use emotive punctuation in an argumentative work . The use of exclamation points was so frequent that I almost expected to see the :-RRB- punctuating one of his really good points . I wonder if there was just no editorial process or what the author was thinking , but I found that to be very weak and had the book not been so short I have would have simply put the book down after seeing the first exclamation point.Next throughout the book the reader will find short quotes from a multitude of sources and then the author will draw extremely broad conclusions from those very narrow sources . He does this throughout the work . At one point he uses a C.S. Lewis quote to allude to the `` fact '' that if there is no designer then our `` ability to reason would be called into question '' -LRB- P. 28 -RRB- . This is of course absurd and completely self-serving extrapolation of a statement by someone who probably agrees with the author 's world view , but of course it does n't stand to reason that without their conception of god physics and all laws that govern the universe suddenly cease to exist . He also takes a quote from Psalms 16:8 `` I shall not be moved '' and from that simple quote decides its true meaning is that `` the Earth ... will not stray from the precise orbital and rotational pattern God has set for it . '' -LRB- P. 101 -RRB- This is indicative of the entire work . It would be laughable if it were not taken seriously by the author and apparently some readers . The author will take small and seemingly benign quotes and then stretch them so far out of context that it is amazing.Next his arguments are entirely inconsistent throughout the entire work . When attempting to discredit one aspect of evolution he will work from the assumption that everything on Earth has remained constant such as when he speaks of the amount of Helium still trapped in the ground , but then when it no longer suits his case he will switch to arguing constant changes in the Earth such as when talking about sedimentation and radio carbon dating . The author has no compunction about making 180 degree turns and arguing seemingly at cross purposes from previous or future sections of his own book . I guess it does make one 's argument simpler when he is n't constrained by consistency.Next he argues that the global flood is a good explanation diversity of species and their dispersal throughout the world . Of course this is probably the most absurd statement of all . Plus I love the little picture the author has on page 46 of an ark and what appears to be a man and a dinosaur like creature outside of the ark . First off the author posits that there would be about 8,000 -LRB- 16,000 individuals -RRB- different species that would have to be on the ark and that would not be a problem . I will not argue about insects and other small creatures that number well into the hundreds of thousands , but will let the author 's number stand . The amount of food that would have been necessary to store on this ark would have been enormous . The food supply alone would have filled up a craft the size of the ark . Not to mention the logistics of about 10 people feeding , watering and cleaning up after 16,000 animals is beyond reason . The whole notion is childish and immature , and for this type of argument to be found in a `` scientific work '' is ludicrous . Not to mention the fact that there is no way that this author or anyone else would ever be able to find a credible scientist that would say that any animal population would be viable with only two breeding individuals left in the species . Not to mention the fact that carnivores would have nothing to eat , or whatever they did eat would mean the extinction of a species . Absurdity thy name is Global Flood Model.Next there are a whole lot of little things peppered throughout this book like on page 85 were he basically credits evolutionists with the rise of the Nazis . I loved that one . Or how he continuously calls some of the great scientists of the past like Galileo and Newton creationists even though that term did not even exist . Just because someone is -LRB- or was -RRB- religious does not make them a creationist . Although I can certainly see why the author feels the need to piggyback on these great men since he certainly needs all the legitimacy he can muster from anywhere he can get it . I also like where on page 22 he decides that anyone who considers themselves a Christian or religious and believes in evolution are not in actuality religious or Christian since to believe that '' -LSB- a -RSB- God who created by evolution is , for all practical purposes , indistinguishable from no God at all . '' I found that statement to be the most arrogant and absurd statement from a book filled to overflowing with such statements . How this man can decide to take on the authority to tell hundreds of thousands of people that they are not Christians is beyond me.This is the weakest and most amateurish piece of propaganda I have yet come across . The author is arrogant , completely inept at creating sound , logical arguments and totally irrelevant . If this is representative of the creationists best and most talented then they are woefully in need of drastic changes . After going back and reading over my own review I feel angry that I allowed this author to waste so much of my own time with this ridiculous book . I am glad that I at least bought a used copy so this poor excuse for an author did n't receive any compensation from me.Do not buy this book and do not waste your time with this book .
 This book can be a case study of the creationist redefinition of science and invalid argument techniques . The overwhelmning use of non sequitors begins on the first page of the introduction with , `` It 's also hard to believe that evolution is an ` essential concept ' in biology , because most ` key ' aspects of living things were discovered by creationists . '' Using this as an argument against evolution is like using the fact that Heisenberg 's was a nazi to ` disprove ' the uncertainty principle . Sarfati , who should know better , then once again acuses the evolutionist of a naturalitic bias . Duh ! Science , by definition is the search for the naturalistic explanation of the world around us . He goes on to define science as ` only that which has been witnessed ' , and that it is dependent on ones ` philosophical bias ' . This is the same argument that astrologists and UFO wackos use . It is more postmodernist -LSB- garbage -RSB- . He uses the disputes between current researchers in evolutionary mechanism to deduce that because we are not yet sure on some of the details , the whole evolutionary framework is wrong . Once again , non sequitor . They just do n't stop.As a Christian , I am embarrassed by the pure intellectual drival that this book presents as a valid argument . It is no wonder that Christians are marginalized by the secular world . Any non-Christian reading this book would think that we are stupid , and that makes it difficult to have credibility in other arenas .
 We lament the `` dumbing down of America '' , yet books like this one , with conclusions reached in advance of writing and research , deceptive `` citations '' of authority , syllogistic reasoning , and outright lies contained therein , continue to sell like hotcakes . All of this proves little more than that Darwin was probably right . Many men are DESCENDED from the higher apes .
 The objections to evolution are valid , but the author destroys is credibility by trying to prove `` young-earthism . '' Apparently those who believe YECism have n't bothered to study basic science , which proves through hundreds of methods , that the universe is old . One reader -LRB- Ann -RRB- says the author has refuted Dr. Hugh Ross . If one carefully compares Ross ' works with this author or Ken Ham 's , one finds that Ross is the only one whom adheres to logic , common sense , and accurate Hebrew scholarship.Sarfati 's YE claims fail basic science and logic . Readers should study science and logic before blindly believing Sarfati 's claims . Hypocritically , Sarfati 's anti-evolution science is from old-earth science . Yet he chooses to ignore the same science when it comes to dating the universe . Old-earthism lacks the contradictions of YECism and agrees with the Bible perfectly , all the while defeating evolution.Before jumping on the YE bandwagon , test the claims of YE `` leaders . '' Compare their -LRB- often emotional -RRB- claims with the scholarly works of Dr. Hugh Ross such as `` The Genesis Question '' and `` Creation and Time . '' Some of the leading authorities in Christianity support Ross -LRB- and not Ham , et . al. -RRB- not from compromise , but because of Ross ' adherence to literal and complete biblical scholarship .
 Given the overwhelming mountains of detailed , intricate , irrefutable evidence now supporting evolution , it is just plain silly to continue to assert that organisms did not evolve over billions of year from simpler to more complex life forms via processes of natural selection . We know genetic mutations happen . Evolution is indeed extremely complex , but the concept simply boils down to just many small genetic mutations happening in species over eons of time through many , many generations . Do we need to know every detail about evolution to be able to accept it ? No . We do n't know every detail about many fields of study buy we know enough about them to be able to confirm the validity of the larger concept . If you have a jigsaw puzzle with some pieces missing it does not mean you can not fit the rest of the pieces together and see the overall picture even with the missing parts . Has anyone ever actually seen the earth revolving around the sun ? No . But we know it happens through other means of observation.The bottom line , people , is that there are TONS of information supporting evolution . It is simply ridiculous to reject this tremendous volume of information on the subject . It 's not just one book by one man . We know so much more than we did 150 , 50 or even ten years ago . Sure , some details may never be filled in , but that does not invalidate the overall concept . I implore you , inform yourselves of the volume and depth of detailed intricate , painstakingly acquired information that has been complied over the years by highly intelligent , highly educated people . Please , look at books and websites about evolution from sources OTHER than the anti-evolutionists . Please , ask yourselves - in all honesty - are all these thousands of highly educated and intelligent researchers , in all the research institutions all over the world over a couple of hundred years in many fields of study simply making this stuff up out of thin air ? And if they are ... then ... WHY on earth would they ? Please do your OWN research - from a variety of sources - and find out . I am a Christian . I did not accept evolution until I started to inform myself . I still do n't fully understand it . But I am aware that there is a HUGE volume of supporting evidence for it . I have no problem accepting that there is a God . But I do n't need that taught in science classroom in order to believe it . I also accept there are others that do not accept my religious beliefs and I respect that . I can accept keeping science and religion separate . That does NOT undermine MY faith in God !!!
 A central methodological thinking error of Sarfati 's book , typical of the creationist genre , is the mistaken belief that large , intricately complex structures necessarily imply a creator . Rather than speculate about distant subjects such as ancient species origin , let 's look at something clearly knowable and only 2,000 years old . My Ph.D. is in linguistics and I have taught or directly supervised instruction in over two dozen languages . Each language is an extremely , elaborately complex , multi-systemic structure . Two thousand years ago , Spanish , French , Italian , Portuguese , etc. , did n't exist . They exist today , each as a highly complex structure , but none was created , nor was its direction of development directed by anyone . Each simply evolved from spoken Latin ; the evolution of each is known and documented . It is manifestly unnecessary to postulate the existence of a creator to account for multi-layered , highly organized structures .
 Hopeful that this book off the Microsoft press would give me a quick start into the new C sharp language , I was disappointed to find this a flat . It fails to effectively address the large audience of Visual Basic , Delphi , and C++ programmers migrating to C# . Most of the book is simplistic and tries to teach the reader how to `` think like a programmer . '' The problem is that many people learning C# are already familiar with programming to some degree . In addition , this book desperately needs some larger code examples to give the reader an overall perspective , such as a few brief sample programs . A `` quick reference '' section of the book would be most helpful . This book also sticks purely to the C# language , and does not discuss anything about the compiler or the Visual Studio . NET environment . I am still clueless about some of Visual Studio 's automated behavior.People learning how to write for the first time will find this book an easy to understand introduction to programming . People migrating to C# from other languages will be disappointed . If you do decide to buy this book , I recommend getting a Sam 's Teach Yourself C# book in addition so that you have a good reference .
 I found a number of mistakes , both in code , and in printing . The book is absolutely for novices . I breezed through the entire 41 chapters of the book in just one weekend . And yet it lacks many details , even those which I consider basic , and should have been covered . I really think , with all due respect to the author , that he bombed it this time . Nothing is treated in completeness . The material the book provides can easily be had for free from a number of tutorials on the internet , if you type c# tutorial in google . I just liked the first four paragraphs of the first chapter , because they show my sentiments of being a programmer .
 If I were a beginning programmer , I would give this book 4.5 stars . I gave this book a poor rating because it does not clearly state its intended audience , which are beginning programmers . It is NOT intended for those who already are proficient at another language -LRB- C , C++ , Java , etc. -RRB- to learn how to program in C# and . NET . It was too basic and did n't teach me enough about C# syntax nor how to use the Visual Studio . NET environment -LRB- it included it 's own compiler -RRB- . The title should have read `` Learn to Write Your First Programs , a C# Experience ! '' , or something of that nature .
 I have read a dozen of wilbur smiths novels and will continue to the read the ballyntine saga , although I was very disappointed in this one . It was slow , too detailed , harder to follow and did n't live up to any of the courtney novels , the egyptian novels or the previous ballyntine novel ... However , you still have to read this book , the entire saga is awesome , the characters grow on you and he brings the land alive ...
 I read Birds of Prey -- my first book by this author and loved every minute of it . Consequently , I was very happy to find Men of Men in the library . Unfortunately , my happiness was short-lived . I found it a struggle to get through most of this book , so I finally quit at just over half way through it . I found it rather boring . I gave it two stars because every now and then something would happen that I found interesting , but for the most part , the book was not what I expected . However , because of how much I liked Birds of Prey , I have n't given up on the author yet . I 'll try something else . This book just did n't do it for me .
 I have read at least15 Wilbur Smith novels and have generally enjoyed them . I thought this was the poorest one I have read and would not recommend it .
 Be careful when you order used books - this one had no glue on the spine , when you tried to read it the pages just fell out , and we discovered some of the pages were gone . It 's not a bargain when you have to pay postage for something that does n't work !
 Pics are nifty . Watch Coal Miner 's Daughter . Do n't try to read this book . I know she was raised in the woods but trying to read like you are illiterate is kinda challenging .
 Tass is Authorized to Announce is the Soviet version of any spy thriller you have ever read -LRB- or seen on the big screen -RRB- - but with the KGB as the good guys , attempting to foil the sinster plots of the CIA . However , Semenov lacks the semantics of say , a Tom Clancy . The plot is razor thin , the anti-semitism is revolting , and the the resolution of the conflict is laughable.While the book is certainly dated , -LRB- Cold War intrigue in Africa is so passe -RRB- , it is an entertaining read if only to see how the USSR understood detente and cold war politics . Other than that , the book is tripe - not recommended .
 Hmm ... My wife is ALSO the first poem in the book !? If you look close , one finds that they bound in the first few pages after the fact . It seem that anyone who submits a poems and then buys the book gets the first page . This type of shady organization that preys on the dreams of courageous writers deserves not a moment of consideration .
 50,000 years in the future and they are still smoking cigarettes , reading newspapers , the main power source is nuclear energy . . and they carry nuclear guns ??? A kid in the 2nd grade has more imagination!I almost made it to the end . It had gotten so absurd that it finally just drifted off to a shelf ... What I did n't like :1 -RRB- Lack of imagination -LRB- see above -RRB- .2 -RRB- Cardboard characters . Nobody to really cheer for . . either the character is a pencil necked geek or some babbling fool .3 -RRB- False religion mumbo jumbo
 This has to be one of the worst books i EVER picked up . Within the fist 50 pages , iwas bored out of my mind . I do n't know why everyone think this book is SOOOOO good , do n't listen to them . If you like BAD books this is the one for you ! I hope Asimov has some better books , cause he has to be acclaimed a good writer for something -LRB- or book -RRB- !
 This book is one of the most overrated books I have ever read . There is very little in the way of plot and character development . There is no climax in this book . The book reads like a historical record , similar to Tolkiens Silmarillion , rather than an actual story . If you like reading historical records , you may like this book . If you are looking for an exciting novel ... . better luck elsewhere .
 I tried to listen to this story on CD , and aside from the story not being terribly interesting , I was surprised at Asimov 's attitude towards religion . I suppose I should n't have been . He is a sci fi writer , after all . But I thought he was supposed to be a smart guy . He 's not -- at least on this point.The basic outline of the story -LRB- at least the beginning -- I did n't make it all the way through -RRB- is that some guy predicts that the galactic empire is going to fall , so he tries to make provision to preserve technology so that the succeeding dark ages do n't last as long as they otherwise might . Toward that end he gets a select group of scientists onto this relatively isolated planet where they can carry on their work , which becomes the invention and maintenance of a religion that 's supposed to preserve certain technologies through the coming dark ages . In this religion the high priests understand the theory -- the technology and all that -- but the local priests and the people are duped into believing in some mumbo jumbo.It 's as if you 're supposed to picture some priest waving incense and saying prayers while he adjusts the knobs on the nuclear reactor , believing that it 's God doing something while it 's really just technology.I know that `` technology as magic '' and `` religion = magic '' are common themes in the sci-fi genre , but for some reason I expected better from Asimov . It shows a rather alarming lack of thought.Religious rituals are always geared towards the chaotic and the mysterious . There are n't religious rituals to cause the sun to rise , because it 's regular and dependable , but there are religious rituals for storms and floods and harvests and childbirth and whatnot . Religion is also used to explain hidden things -- psychology , forgiveness , etc.IOW , religion is subject to criticism -LRB- `` it 's not measurable '' -RRB- in precisely the area where Asimov is trying to squeeze it . He 's trying to make religion the mystical cloak for something that 's regular , predictable and logical . It just does n't work that way.If religious rituals had precise , measurable results , people would suspect that there 's nothing religious or mysterious about them and they 'd look for a material cause . Anyone who doubts that simply does n't understand the religious mind , or has n't been paying attention . Sure , there are gullible religious folk out there who 'll believe anything , but the majority have half an eye out for tricks and deceptions.The very idea that you can hide technology behind a cloak of religious ritual is a rather silly science fiction writer 's fantasy.Anyway , the story was n't that compelling , and this `` religious cover for nuclear technology '' business was so incredibly stupid , I could n't finish it .
 What more can I say ? The Mule ? Give me a break . How can anyone consider this to be great fiction ? Go read something else ...
 As an avid sci-fi reader , I felt I had to rectify an oversight and read the book that really is a foundation of much of today 's sci-fi . When I started the book , I planned to read the entire series . I was so completely let down that I do n't know if I 'll ever read Asimov again . Foundation simply failed to ignite any spark in my imagination . The characters are poorly developed , largely because of the huge leaps in time throughout the book . In addition , the inability of a person writing sci-fi -- which by its nature looks to the future -- to envision any role for women in that future is deplorable . I thought Asimov 's work trite , boring , and completely lacking in the sort of foresight that makes books by authors like William Gibson and Tad Williams so amazingly captivating . Kudos to Asimov for opening the door for better writers but too bad his work -LRB- at least this early work -RRB- is terrible . Do n't waste your time reading this one . Go straight to the many better post-Asimov authors .
 I hate this book . I do n't just `` not like it , '' I hate it ! Such a bad book . Do not read it !
 Asimov had some interesting concepts in this novel . It 's unfortunate that he killed them with his stale characters and unbelievable plot devices . The book -LRB- and its successors -RRB- read like an episode of Leave It to Beaver set in outer space . The repetitive vault openings became tediously predictable - I felt like I had read the same chapter a dozen times . Read the Cliff Notes , save yourself some time . *****
 I know ! I 'm as surprised as you are that I did n't enjoy this much-touted classic ! I added it to my list of summer must-reads , and it was probably the worst of the bunch . After the second or third time an expected dramatic climax was suddenly resolved by a literal deus ex machina , the thrill was gone . Maybe Asimov was being ironic ?? I did enjoy meeting a trader who could 've been a Han Solo relative , but that was the highlight . Asimov fans may enjoy this one , but I will stick to Clarke , Bradbury , and Heinlein .
 I read this book based on overall good reviews of the series and Asimov in general . The story had some interesting moments and actually started off quite solidly . But then , the politics took over and the Sci-Fi aspect was completely lost . This book felt like a drama class play that could have taken place anywhere and almost at anytime . I never felt like I was in space or that anything related to Sci-Fi was present . I didnt mind the story so much but being a Sci-Fi book means that I expect some technical `` sciency '' details and didnt get anything in this book . I also did not like the huge jump from each major chapter regarding time . Just when you feel that the plot and characters are `` settlling-in '' you jump 80 years and have to start all over again . Lastly , there was very little scene setup . I rarely knew where the dialog was taking place or what the surroundings were ... hence the comparison to a stage play.If you like Arthur Clark 's style of Sci-Fi like me and prefer the Science aspect of Sci-Fi to be featured in books you read then I would not recommend this book . It is somewhat over-rated and is n't really Sci-Fi In my opinion ...
 The first time I tried to read Foundation , I was six years old , and it was simply too complex for my developing mind . Just a few months ago , however , I was cleaning out my attic and came across the same old book . To ascertain it 's actual nature as interpreted by the adult mind , I read it again . I was amazed not only by the sheer brillance and ingenuity of the ideas contained within it , not only by the grandiose size of the subject matter , but mostly by the writing , which I regarded as absolutely horrid . The plot is clunky , the conversations roll off the tongue like sandpaper covered in peanut butter , and the descriptions could have been written better by some obscure species of mosquito . As a book , it could be improved by changing the title from `` Foundation '' to `` How Not to Write a Book '' or `` Please Steal These Ideas and Rewrite Them in English . '' I highly reccomend it to people for use as a very expensive and ineffective paperweight .
 I have heard so much about this book over the years but did n't like Asimov 's writing so I never read it . Well , I thought maybe this was different but no , it 's the same poor writing . I love the idea of psychohistory but that 's where the love ends for this book . And Hari Seldon dies before we get to know and like him . Dull , mostly pointless conversations between people you do n't know as the story jumps quickly over time ruin this book . And how lazy of Asimov to not develop his ideas . At one point he gets out of this by having a character watch a movie that we ca n't see which describes something that would have been interesting and clever had it been developed.I guess I 'll finish the series because I 've heard the other books are better . Phew , glad I got this out of the way .
 I am a huge fan of science fiction and fantasy , and have been reading these books for 20 years . I picked up the Foundation books because Asimov was supposed to be so great , and I really enjoyed his short stories . This book - all of the books in this series - is so amazingly boring it could be used to replace Thorazine . The concept was solid , but the characters made me not care at all . I kept hoping they would die simply so there would be something interesting happening . If you must read it , check it out from the library and save your money . Unless of course you 're a chronic insomniac ; then , by all means , buy this book .
 `` Foundation '' is considered by many SF devotees to be one of the greatest creations of the genre . It won the Hugo award to prove it , spawned many sequels , and even a couple of prequels . I was excited to read this book , expecting it to live up to its many accolades.Boy , was I disappointed!The basic idea of this novel is fascinating
 I bought this book because Asimov is supposedly one of the sci-fi greats , but if this book is a good example of his work his reputation is overblown . I found the characters to be flat and one dimensional . The story uses unrealistic plot devices . Yes I understand that it 's science fiction , but I find it strains credulity to think that the characters were able to invent a religion worlds-spanning religion in 30 years . It also did n't seem very likely that a 12,000-year-old empire would so quickly crumble into the stone age -LRB- I 'm exaggerating slightly -RRB- . I realize that this book was written in 1951 but the high tech stuff in the story was hardly high tech back then , much less in an empire spanned the galaxy.Bottom line
 Right where a character talks about his old age of sixty-two years.Yeah , right . An advanced galactic civilization , thousands of years old , with FTL travel and turnkey exoplanets just right for human habitation everywhere , never bothered to find medical treatments for aging . That might have sounded plausible in science fiction 60 + years ago , but much less so today . The novel also suffers from a lot of faults which other reviewers have noted . Perhaps Asimov 's stories blew geeks ' minds in the 1940 's and 1950 's , but his work has n't aged well.BTW , Asimov , Heinlein , Clarke , Carl Sagan and a lot of other scientifically knowledgeable people in the mid 20th Century accepted the existence of exoplanets based on NO evidence at all until the mid 1990 's , while at the same time criticizing similar claims without evidence as woo-woo . Just by coincidence the exoplanet faith position happened to resemble observable reality somewhat - but it did n't have to . Even then , the existence of so many `` hot Jupiters '' surprised a lot of astronomers involved in the hunt for exoplanets . Exoplanetologists may not find plausible earthlike planets for many years .
 I could n't wait to read the first of the Foundation novels , having got such great reviews , and having heard that it 's been such an inspiration to so many other sci-fi authors . But I could barely finish it . The book is flat-out boring . There is no action , choosing rather to focus mostly on matters of political intrigue . If you like watching CSPAN , then you 'll love this book.There is also no continuity of storyline or characters . The book constantly jumps ahead in time right about the time you 've wrapped your head around the current characters and plot.It 's like a set of boring short stories , loosely stitched together with an single underlying theme .
 This seems like awfully shoddy science fiction to me . The old complaint about thin characterization is n't even the worst of it , nor are the crazy anachronisms -LSB- rampant cigar smoking , newspapers and casual misogyny -RSB- . But so much of this plot develops in the form of uninteresting local political maneuvers between slightly AynRandized heroes and buffooning villians , with no sense of place or grandeur whatsoever.The timeline of the novel is suddenly too breif after introducing the vast concept of a 40,000 year swing through history , and neither the future society Asimov has envisioned nor the apparant brilliance of the plan at the heart of this series are ever portrayed convincingly . Whatever powerful effect this book may have had in its day , it is bereft of it now .
 ... but that did n't prevent me from intensely disliking it . The characters are flat , the story is contrived , and why are all people of power in this world men ? Very realistic idea of the future .
 I read this book as a teenager and was excited to be reminded of it recently . I went to Amazon to purchase the book to find that it is one without text to speech enabled.I make it my policy not to buy any book that does n't have this feature as I prefer to read when I 'm stationary and listen while I 'm driving . Since the future is n't here yet and I ca n't safely read while I 'm driving , this is a problem for me.Listen up publishers . I 'm not going to buy your audio book . Disabling this feature just ensures that I 'll not buy your ebook either . If I really want to read this book , I 'll find a used copy because you 've annoyed me that much .
 Copyright restrictions make it so I can not get this classic on my kindle ... Its a kindle , I should be able to get any book in any language sent to me in any part of the world . I hate you Johnny Copyright !
 Count me with the minority who found this book unreadable . It was incredibly dated with imagery very thin and sparse . I got lost in the pointless dialog and was unable to finish .
 The book is written about an empire in the future . I 'm not really sure why Asimov thought that the future galaxy would be ruled by an emporer , which is a dying system of government , instead of a democratic republic . I know this is nit-picking , but I did n't like this book.Apparently , the future can be predicted with a high degree of accuracy using math and statistics . Anyone who works as a mathematician or statistician , as I do , knows that it 's difficult to predict what 's going to happen in anyone 's life tomorrow , much less the entire world 500 to 1000 years into the future using statistics.This book is intellectual worship , which is something I ca n't stand . Intellectual worship is when people think they are intellecually superior to everyone else , so feel they should rule over everyone else , if only you would listen to them . This idea drips off the page as event after event is predicted by some really smart dude . This smart dude predicted a collapse of civilization and treated it as inevitable . Another idea that 's patently absurd - that any event that occurs is inevitable.If this guy was so smart as to predict , with a high degree of accuracy , the downfall of civilization , and the rising of a new one , along with the traumatic events this new civilization would go through , why was n't he smart enough to avert the downfall of the original civilization . Surely , with his predictive ability people would listen to him , but he decides to let it crumble for whatever reason.And Asimov is a mediocre writer . The story is only moderately interesting because no character really gets developed . I read this book because as a sci-fi fan , I felt obligated .
 I enjoy Asmov 's science books . They are informative , clever and witty . But his science fiction is another matter . They are poorly written . And worse , I did n't believe a word of Foundation . Such accutate prediction is impossible . It 's not only extremely difficult to predict the major trends , but to have his character predict such minor details as well is absurd . Just one example of the difficulties of prediction
 So many people like this book and have called it a `` classic '' - I felt I had to read it . I am not a hard-core sci-fi reader , but I did enjoy reading books by Herbert , Heinlein , Bradbury , and the like . So I though I 'd give Asimov a chance . To my surprise , I did n't like this book at all.I have read some bad books in my life , but this is the first bad book I bothered to read all the way through . I kept waiting for it to get better . I kept waiting for the `` eureka '' moment when I finally understood why everyone likes this book so much . It never happened , and when I finally came to the end of the book , I realized that Mr. Azimov stole a good two hours of my life and gave me NOTHING in return.The story sounds interesting , and in the hands of another writer it may have bore fruit . Unfortunately , in Mr Asimoz 's hands , the story falls flat in the implementation . Had the writing not been funny , I would have been completely bored . Of course , Mr. Azimov did not intentionally make me laugh - sadly , his understanding of the human condition appears to be based largely on old , cheap pulp fiction novels . The characters are completely one dimensional and unconvincing . I truly can not understand why anyone would like this book - but calling it a classic is simply unbearable . I can only assume that most of the people reviewing this book favorably are children . In any case , they are certainly not familiar with truly good writing . My advice
 Being a sci-fi fan myself , I decided I wanted to try reading some of the works by the giants of sci-fi . I had always heard how great `` Foundation '' was , so I thought I 'd start with this one . I was thoroughly disappointed ! Asimov used way too many large words -LRB- `` using dollar words where dime words would suffice '' -RRB- . The story seemed to jump around from one time to another . The characters were very one-dimensional and very flat ... I did n't have that `` I wonder what 's going to happen next to -- '' . I just did n't care what was going to happen next to the characters or in the story . There did n't seem to be anything to propel this story along ; nothing to develop the characters or the story . I read over 100 pages and I still had no interest in what was happening . -LRB- Even Stephen King , who can be pretty tough to get into his stories , has me hooked within 50 to 60 pages ! -RRB- I just do n't get what all the hype is over this book . Could someone out there PLEASE tell me ! I will try to get into his Robot series ... maybe he has better character and story development in them ... I hope !
 The Foundation is completely undeserving of the fame accredited to it . Had it been more eloquently executed , the collage of textbook style narrative and bad dialogue might have been sufficient to generate a bearable story . All the social concepts Asmov brings up are well worn and ill-portrayed on the backdrop of a generic , illogical sci-fi universe . His writing style is bland and every one of his characters can be found by an other name in star wars .
 This has to be one of the most over rated books -LRB- and series -RRB- of all time.The dialog and character development is horrible . The characters have about as much depth as paper dolls . The language is about as colorful as a newspaper.The ideas behind the novel may have been new and interesting 50 years ago , -LRB- although anyone familar with Wells , Huxley , or Verne would debate that -RRB- , but now they are just tired and beaten like a dead horse .
 ... It is awful , truly one of the worst books that I 've ever read ... Good writing does not not to be defended like this , and the need to defend a book in this way prety much proves that it is a substandard work .
 With all the rave reviews about this book , perhaps I set my hopes too high . I just really did n't care for this book . There is almost no character development -LRB- since every chapter spans huge jumps in time -RRB- and the `` science '' in this novel takes a back seat to the political ideas of the author . With endless pages of dialog and few reasons to care about any of the characters , I had a very hard time getting through this one . And while I know it was written years ago , the author 's science-fantasy was pretty much limited to `` nuclear powered devices . '' That just did n't feel like much of a stretch of the imagination , all things considered.I thoroughly enjoy sci-fi when told by authors such as H.G. Wells and Ray Bradbury . These authors know how to paint a picture in your mind and bathe your imagination in colorful imagery . In Foundation , however , I was thoroughly unimpressed by the style , context and story as told by Azimov - it was boring , unimaginative , and I never even had the pleasure of painting the scene being played out in my mind . I would definitely not recommend this book .
 Foundation is the epitome of the ideal of the pessimistic technocratic utopian . Strange as it may sound , the plot is as follows
 After somehow assiduously avoiding Asimov 's seminal `` masterpiece '' for over 50 years since I began reading sci-fi , I decided to dip into this ponderous tome.Oh , forsooth , the ancient bard 's Shakespearean language came alive once more , only this time , more than 12,000 years into the future.But , lo , some things have never changed
 The book starts with an enticing psychohistory idea , but then it dives deep into politics . It is quite interesting to read the ingenious solutions for the crises taken by the great leaders of the Foundation , specially for resigning war whenever it seemed the most sensible way out.The problem is that this book is supposed to be science fiction , yet the story seemed to have happened back in the mercantilism period in the XVII century , with its priests , kings , viceroys and merchant ships trading raw materials for manufactured goods . The gadgets used by the traders to fool the other empires are a bit silly as well , for a far future based science fiction .
 When I was in junior high school , Asimov 's Foundation Trilogy was my favorite science fiction . Recently , I picked it back up , and have had to revise my opinion somewhat.First , in terms of character and plot development , Asimov certainly had n't hit his stride when he wrote these books . The characters are cardboard cutouts -- especially the female characters.More importantly , Asimov uses the basic idea behind the series ... that Hari Seldon created his `` psychohistory plan '' and launched it , invisibly determining the future of his Foundations for centuries ... as a kind of magic box from which he pulls plot developments . This drains the story of dramatic tension . One knows from the get-go that it 'll all work out in the wash . -LRB- In the second half of `` Foundation and Empire '' and `` Second Foundation '' , Asimov had found a way out of this problem , by introducing a wild card in the deck . -RRB- Finally , the book has n't aged well . The technology forseen for his far-future galactic civilization seems positively `` retro '' . Normally , this would n't be a problem ... Orwell 's 1984 is still an effective piece of fiction , even though it 's 2002 , and the world is far different from the world Orwell envisioned ... but the Foundation books ' other flaws just seem to make this worse .
 The Foundation novel is very dated , which I suppose is a function of the time it was written . Women are almost entirely absent except when they turn to putty over pretty pieces of jewelry . A gun is an `` atomic blaster , '' and other quaint 50s relics.The one dimensionality of the characters is problematic . I have to admit that although I do n't read a lot of science fiction , I know priority is never put on characterization . However , since nearly all of the ideas of the book are no longer relevant , this shortcoming becomes glaring . The book is more of a time capsule than a living book.There is actually a single main character who re-occurs as 3 different personas -LRB- Seldon , Hardin , and Mallow -RRB- . SeldonHardenMallow is calm , calculating , and always right . His opponents flail around until the denouement when SeldumHardenMallow has maneuvered them into exactly the right position and emerges victorious . It 's so predictable that there is n't any dramatic tension.The biggest problem I had with the book is that the politics seem very nave . This novel was supposedly based on Gibbon 's `` The Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire , '' but Foundation seems to have only to most primitive understanding of that work.I do n't really understand the love generated toward this book . It seems particularly flat . A lot of people seem to enjoy it -- just not me , I guess .
 Just writing this to provide moral support for anyone who reads this book and is thoroughly underwhelmed.Asimov 's prose is clean but his tone seems uneven in this installment , as opposed to the tighter first book.The book is essentially two disconnected adventures ... not very appealing.There 's a female character in the second adventure that 's quite problematic ; she 's dull , and Asimov spends a lot of time and effort on the fact that she 's -LRB- gasp -RRB- not male.Finally , this series feels very dated , in terms of language , attitudes , and even vision of the future . `` Nuclear '' is the buzzword ; everything 's like the '50s , but nuclear-powered . I liked Foundation but Foundation & Empire tends to wander away from the idea of the Foundation as the main character , and instead ca n't seem to decide whether to focus on galactic-level events or protagonists . This would be excusable if the protagonists were interesting.Go read Jack Vance or Gene Wolfe if you want masterful sci-fi !
 I just finished reading Foundation and was extremely disappointed . Maybe I was expecting too much , something grander along the line of the Dune series . But the book in of itself is an extreme disappointment . I realize Asimov was young -LRB- 21 -RRB- when he wrote this , but his style leaves a lot to be desired . I 'll take an early Arthur C. Clarke book over Asimov any day . This is the first book by Asimov I 've read and I 'm not sure I want to read another . His style is very dialogue driven with very few , if any , detail given to what the characters think . Everyone is very two-dimensional . And he never describes any of the scenes were all of this dialog takes place . Part of the interest in science-fiction is exploring new places , seeing different things . This entire story could have taken place on an empty stage . In fact , it seems like it 's written more for a play than a novel . As for the story , it starts out interestingly enough . The Empire is going to crumble and to avoid thousands of years of dark-ages , a Foundation is set up to preserve the past learning 's of the Empire . Well , that 's what the original thought was at least . Soon we discover there 's an alternate motive to this . Once we learn of this motive , the story goes straight downhill . Asimov skips decades from one page to another . Characters are introduced that we know practically nothing about , and he never tells us anything about them . I 've read history books that had more character development than he gives the people in this book . By the time I got to the end I found myself saying `` So what '' ? Am I supposed to continue on reading this series because it 's been called a `` classic '' . I 've seen the word `` classic '' thrown around a little too much sometimes . This is definitely one of those times .
 I ordered this book 2 weeks ago and it just now came today . What 's worse , it 's in absolutely terrible shape . The front cover is ripped , the spine has old sticker residue on it , and the back looks like it 's been chewed on by a small animal . So much for being `` Used - Very Good Condition ''
 Pssst ! The Emperor has no clothes . All but a few seem afraid to admit it . Thank goodness for those brave folks who panned this vaunted ` classic ' here . I only wish I had heeded their warning .
 This novel has a lot of ideas that do not fit together . The science , characters , and society are not memorable .
 This book has all the Asimovian trademarks
 I respect Asimov as a writer of science fiction . However after reading all of the Foundation series I wish it had more humanity in it . The book was overly complex . The characters did nothing for me . The Foundation series is over rated in my humble opinion . It falls in the category that I call dry sci-fi . Asimov 's Robot series was better than this .
 The book , Foundation , by Isaac Asimov , has promise but leaves the reader without satisfaction upon completion . Though having what initially appears to be a gripping plot , the grip loosens throughout the book . While philosophers may enjoy the lack of action and adventure , other readers who crave that amazingly described action sequence , will find that this is not the book to get . Taking place beyond the year 12,000 A.D , the Galactic Empire , spanning galaxies , is predicted by the revered physcohistorian , Hari Seldon , to crumble . On a mission to shorten a period of 30,000 years of barbarism after the fall of the Galactic Empire , to a mere millennium , he establishes an association , the Foundation , to preserve the Universe 's knowledge in a giant Encyclopedia . Foundation takes place on many different planets in many galaxies across the universe . This book spans many generations and involves many characters , as the book covers in different plot lines that converge at the end.Foundation is a book that focuses on political issues , thus making the book void of action and adventure . This can make the book extremely boring and aggravating to some readers . The story focuses on conflicts among activist parties and groups conspiring against the political leaders of the Foundation 's home world , Terminus , as well as diplomatic and religious conflicts between the Foundation 's home planet , Terminus , and neighboring kingdoms such as Anacreon and Smyrno , along with greedy kingdoms bent on conquest of their neighbors . But out of the 285 pages of the book , there is only one significant action sequence , which is between the kingdom of Anacreon and the Foundation . The sequence involves a mass riot and uprising of priests on Anacreon 's home world , along with the total emancipation of the Anacreonian naval fleet by a priest who threatens to curse the fleet . When characters , like the mayor of Terminus and his advisors , discuss war or the inevitability of a war , there never is an explanation of what occurs during the fighting , just a summary of the war , and who is the victor . An example is at the end of the book , when there is a war between the Foundation and the world of Korell , because of disagreements over religious beliefs and the tolerance of missionaries . The war is only summed up in an excerpt from the `` Encyclopedia Galactica '' . Another noticeable point about Foundation is how confusing it is in many aspects . The book is broken up into `` Parts '' that separate time , setting , and characters . A part entitled `` The Mayors , '' which takes place mainly on Terminus and involves the mayor , Salvor Hardin , and the relations between his world and the kingdom of Anacreon , is then followed by one entitled `` The Traders , '' which takes place many decades later and involves totally different characters in a different part of the galaxy . When and where each part takes place is not answered until later into the chapters of the part . Also confusing is the fact that new characters are introduced quickly in every part , thus making it harder for the reader to grasp . If the reader gets attached to a character or really likes where the plot and characters are going in a certain part , he or she will be unpleasantly surprised when those characters are never talked about again in the novel , after that part.One good thing about Foundation is that it expresses new and intriguing ideas about predicting the future through the science of psychohistory and what the human race and universe will be like in ten more millennia . This includes the idea of having a Galactic Empire that controls millions of planets . Along with ideas of nuclear power still being the most advanced power system , man-sized force fields able to block any nuclear handgun 's blast and giant space ships with the capability to destroy planets are discussed . Also the ideas of monarchy being the prime governmental system is included in the novel . These may seem like interesting ideas that would make Foundation a great book , but the reader may find that these ideas also make the story harder to understand because they are either seemingly too primitive for the time period , or too far-fetched to be logical . This book could be someone 's favorite book , if they happen to like philosophical books without action . It could also be the bore of a lifetime for some people .
 Prelude to Foundation is excellent . However , you should stop there . Foundation is bad . This book is totally predictable . Read DUNE if you want something intelligent and entertaining . Read FOUNDATION if you want something that you probably wo n't even finish .
 Disclaimer
 The book was apparently resent after not arriving 5 weeks after ordering and it still hasnt arrived after two months . phshopus customer service has been responsive but there is something going wrong with the shipment process
 The book covers several generations , so with each generation you have to re-learn all the characters . It is difficult to keep track of who 's who when every time you get to know the cast , 200 years suddenly pass and we 're in the middle of a new crisis . I did n't read the whole series because of this -- it was obnoxious .
 I got pretty bogged down with the multiple characters and places and time periods . Not a good book to pick up occasionally , takes a focussed reading . And that 's just one of the series !
 No judgement againt asimov as a sci fi innovator , but i did not find the story telling to be very enthralling and felt almost no emotional connection to the series of characters introduced over large jumps in time.The method for introducing new twists or skipping decades by introducing fake abreviated &#34; encyclopedia galactica &#34; entries was awkward and rough .
 I realize I 'm in the minority compared to the other reviews but I do n't feel this book is even close to being half as good as the first foundation book . The two stories lacked charters that I cared about and unlike the first foundation book their was very little to contemplate . Also I guessed the big twist in the second story by the third page .
 Asimov is often said to have a flat style and to be unable to create credible characters . It 's my opinion . And Asimov is never more ridiculous than when he writes about feelings , especially about love -LRB- scenes seem to be described by a child or a thinking machine -RRB- . But this writer is still gifted at setting clever plots every reader will enjoy , for instance in his robots tales -LRB- of course do not expect more than a quality entertainment , as often with sci-fi -RRB- . However , Fondation is not really a clever book ; it is not boring , but it has poor content . You will finish it but probably wo n't read it again . First problem , it is impossible to believe in psychohistory , which smells like positivist propaganda from the 19th century . And because he has nothing more than an adventure story to tell , Asimov uses all kinds of tricks to grip the reader , including lots of surprises justified by unlikely and twisted arguments , some of which you may find hard to swallow . To conclude , Fondation is a kind of cartoon
 It is n't my kind of book but , I thought , I would give it a try . We read it in our book club . Some of the readers liked it , most of them did n't . I did n't . But , the author did have great insight to the future in the 1950 - 1960 's
 The title of this item says '' -LRB- 3 books boxed set ... '' however , when I purchased and received this item , I was only sent one book . I was expecting three books , especially for the price that I paid , and was only sent one . Therefore , I am rating this item very poorly .
 I read the foundation books and was reminded why I do n't like asimov . The man has Phd 's in chemistry and a gazillion other physical sciences and he likes to show it off . And that makes it very hard for us lay scifi geeks .
 I was dissatisfied with this novel . Being an avid fan of Asimov and the Foundation series , the younger version of the mathimatical genius did not match with older one who changed the history of his race for the better ; nor did I think that the story with female very appealing , again it did not match . The story seemed tacked on to the series just to write another novel . It is unfortunate that the writer who invented the positronic brain , the three law of robotics , and of course the genuis of the foundation series wrote such a tacked on story .
 Publisher
 ... To my surprise and disappointment , I found `` Foundation '' to be an exceptionally terrible `` book '' , totally undeserving of the praise it has received here . As some of the other reviewers have pointed out , the writing style is of a very poor quality indeed . It is not only very dull and dry , but it is also totally lacking in any kind of style or art . The dialogue is simply dreadful , the character development is nonexistent , and the story is pointless and not at all well structured . The fact that this alleged `` novel '' is really a collection of short stories is readily apparent , as there is no cohesion and very poor correlation between sections . This is not memorable writing in any way and it has no redeeming qualities as a work of literature . In fact , the only time I should ever like to mention it again is as an example of poor writing , atrocious story-telling , and science-fiction that is totally wanting for any kind of inspiration . ...
 Recently finding myself with a lot of time on my hands after having just graduated school , I started picking up and reading a lot of the `` greatest '' works of science fiction . After having noticed all the editorials , reviews , and awards attributed to the Foundation series , I did n't hesitate to order all the books in the series . What a mistake ! I 'm not sure what people are seeing in these novels , but in no way do they even come close to approaching some of the other hallmarks of sci-fi , like Dune , Ender 's Game , you name it . This book has a semi-interesting setup about trying to preserve civilization during a coming galactic dark age , but beyond that the book devolves into stupid scenario after scenario about how the Foundation is threatened but through the citizens ' skill -LRB- i.e. sheer stupidity and dumb luck -RRB- they manage to somehow make it through the crisis only to face another yawner a few pages later . In between each crisis numerous years elapse , so by the time Asimov sets up the next unrelated crises , the entire cast of characters changes -- you barely have time to figure out their names much less get to know any person in significant detail.This series of books did nothing but put me to sleep on multiple occassions when normally if a book is good I 'll stay up all night to finish it . My advice is to steer well clear from this series and try one of the other highly rated sci-fi books out there -- there are so many others that would be far preferable .
 I can understand why this book is considered one of the best science fiction books ever written , especially considering the time period it was written in . It has a very interesting concept of destination and cause and effect -LRB- although it is weak in execution and very weak in explanation -RRB- . For these reasons and other I should only give this book a one star , but instead I gave it two and I will explain why later.There is almost zero character development in this book . The extremely short chapters jump thirty years to eighty years and more between chapters . Almost every `` book '' within this book has a new set of characters with only a few references of the `` heroes '' from the previous `` books . '' At times , this makes for very confusing reading because I had no idea who the new people were in the successive chapters.As mentioned in the title , this book suffers greatly from the Superman sydrome . By this I mean that you know the outcome before the events have unfolded . Superman ca n't be beat -LRB- except for by Doomsday in the comics but he comes back anyway -RRB- and therefor when watching the movies you know he wins . So there just has to be more elaborate plans and more complex ways of defeating him but he still will win . The same is true with the foundation . Harry Seldon , the prophet who esentially created the foundation , knew what was going to happen because he could see the future . Every `` book '' in `` Foundation '' will ultimately see the Foundation as the victor , so there just must be more complex problems arising , but of course the Foundation will ultimately prevail . And in this book , the problems are not really that complex , just different social economies arising to counter the previously established social economy that prevailed in the previous `` book . '' I can only imagine that in the later books the problems will get ridiculously complex - maybe even too complex for enjoyment.Because this book has almost zero characterization and is very predictable I would give this book one star , but instead I gave it two . The reason for this is because I have read the backs of the other books in the Foundation series and other reviews of them and I am interested in the storyline . I want to read about the Mule in Foundation and Empire , and I want to read about Earth in Foundations Edge . If not for that this book would recieve a one star rating from me and I would also never recommend this book or ever pick it up again.It may be a classic , but it 's not that great . It 's not great at all .
 I only recently read this so called masterpiece . I even went do far as to order the special complete edition from the Science Fiction Book Club . Even though I got through it I can not believe all of the outstanding reviews and awards this series has received . No characters , no science , no mystery -LRB- who coul n't figure out the identitiy of the Mule ? -RRB- . In addition the story is basically one of the collapse of the Roman Empire . It probably could have been rewritten replacing historical language instead of spacefare and it would not have mattered in the slightest . The only science fictional element was Psychohistory which is not developed at all due to the nature of the plot . If this is a classic , I shall stick to more obscure and worthwhile reads . Blech .
 I just finished reading Foundation and was extremely disappointed . Maybe I was expecting too much , something grander along the line of the Dune series . But the book in of itself is an extreme disappointment . I realize Asimov was young -LRB- 21 -RRB- when he wrote this , but his style leaves a lot to be desired . I 'll take an early Arthur C. Clarke book over Asimov anyday . This is the first book by Asimov I 've read and I 'm not sure I want to read another . His style is very dialoge driven with very few , if any , detail given to what the characters think . Everyone is very two-dimensional . And he never describes any of the scenes were all of this dialog takes place . Part of the interest in science-fiction is exploring new places , seeing different things . This entire story could have taken place on an empty stage . In fact , it seems like it 's written more for a play than a novel . As for the story , it starts out interestingly enough . The Empire is going to crumble and to avoid thousands of years of dark-ages , a Foundation is set up to preserve the past learnings of the Empire . Well , that 's what the original thought was at least . Soon we discover there 's an alternate motive to this . Once we learn of this motive , the story goes straight downhill . Asimov skips decades from one page to another . Characters are introduced that we know pratically nothing about , and he never tells us anything about them . I 've read history books that had more character development than he gives the people in this book . By the time I got to the end I found myself saying `` So what '' ? Am I supposed to continue on reading this series because it 's been called a `` classic '' . I 've seen the word `` classic '' thrown around a little too much sometimes . This is defintely one of those times .
 Those of us in the pagan/wiccan community rarely take Silver RavenWolf 's writings as serious in nature , as her writings are filled with condescending tone , advice to lie for teens , and an obvious gimmick to make money without any regard for gaining credibility for the pagan community . If you are looking for credible resources , look to Scott Cunningham , Raymond Buckland , Christopher Penczak , Ellen Dugan , but if you see Silver RavenWolf RUN the other way .
 First , what she presents here is `` outer court material '' -LRB- and I 'm being charitable -RRB- . `` Outer court material '' is simply information not bound by secrecy oaths . An analogy -- there is a difference between the owner 's manual you get when you open the box containing your new microwave and the technical specifications and drawings which detail the inner workings of said microwave . This book is like the owner 's manual . Here the analogy breaks down because all the average person needs to operate a microwave is the instruction booklet but Wicca/Witchcraft/Magick requires the technical specifications which you are unlikely to ever find in a commercially available book -- aka `` inner court material . '' Without this , you are just going through the motions.Second , understand that the danger presented by Silver Ravenwolf and similar authors is that they do not make this distinction -- and they KNOW there is one -- choosing instead to present this `` outer court material '' as the whole ball of wax . Want to know why your spells do n't work and you feel like you 're in the middle of a fairly boring role-playing game when you follow rituals you find in these books ? It 's because you are lacking crucial information regarding what these spells and rituals actually represent , the so-called `` mystery teachings . '' Much of this is oath-bound and you are unlikely to find it in a book . Find a teacher , and if there are none where you are , sit under a full moon and ask the deity to reveal these mysteries to you . If your intention is true , and you are ready , they will teach and give you more than you will ever get out of any book.Third , this book is a. -RRB- poorly written b. -RRB- shows a terrible grasp of history and historical context c. -RRB- is incredibly condescending and d. -RRB- annoyingly folksy.Finally , think on Silver Ravenwolf 's lineage . It implies a Gardnerian connection impossible by Gardnerian standards as men are initiated/elevated by women and vice versa . A true lineage will reflect this . Gerald Gardner could not initiate/elevate Buckland * according to Gardnerian practice . * In fact , Buckland was initiated by Lady Olwen . It is at best disingenous to include Gerald Gardner as part of her lineage because Gardner has nothing to do with it other than initiating the woman who later initiated Buckland in one of the Traditions Buckland followed . Buckland later developed Seax-Wicca , in which he trained/initiated Michael Ragan , who immediately went and formed his OWN tradition and so on down the line . Another analogy -- you 're related to your mother 's sister 's husband by law , but you are not related to him by blood . Buckland would be Ravenwolf 's mother 's father , Gardner would be her mother 's father 's sister 's husband.I would be surprised if Silver Ravenwolf was n't aware of this , and one wonders why someone so in tune with `` Spirit '' would continue to advertise a lineage which has been questioned by many -- or at the very least , explain why she believes it to be valid . I 've seen some nonsense by a separate group consisting of people elevated by Silver Ravenwolf , claiming the same lineage and saying the connection is through the `` honor of eldering '' rather than initiation or elevation . To which I reply -- nonsense . Even if you were to consider `` eldering '' separate from degree elevation it still does n't address the fact that Buckland was in no way `` eldered '' by Gardner and Ragan was in no way `` eldered '' by Buckland.The moral of the story folks , is no one 's perfect and always consider your source . Deity never minds healthy skepticism . -LRB- BTW , MoonChyld DewDrop is meant to be sarcastic , and I make no claims to a lineage from anyone at all -RRB-
 Solitary Witch is a collection of information , some good , some bad , spliced together with Silver Ravenwolf 's quick-fix low theology Wicca lite.I gave it two stars , instead of one , because it shows that perhaps Ravenwolf has been listening to her community . She still gets many things wrong-NOT ALL WITCHES ARE WICCAN , for example , but she seems to be trying.I would recommend anything by Cunningham , Buckland or Dunwich above this book , but if you are a teen who , for whatever reason , feels you need a dumbed down teen book , this is heads and tails over `` Teen Witch '' for quality.That being said , I feel the target age for this book is about 11-12 , and I 'm not sure it 's appropriate for that age . As a mother of teens , if I gave it to my girls , they 'd be offended.That , with all the other problems with Ravenwolf makes this a good book to pass over.Kids do n't need Wicca dumbed down or misrepresented , they are just as capable of reading Cunningham as any of us old farts .
 I detest this book.First of all , I do not appreciate reading a book with such a condescending tone . I mean , spells to make your parents happy ? Locker protection spells?Secondly , through cross referencing , I have found many errors in the tables of correspondences . There 's too many to list here , but look it up . You 'll be suprised at what you see.And , as usual , there is the constant undertone of `` Christians will never understand you . Practice the Craft in seeeeecret , like a good little liar . '' I hate that . Be proud of what you 've chosen . Do n't let anyone tell you that you ca n't be open in your beliefs . It 's a choice you have to make for yourself . Do n't let `` Mama Silver '' make that choice for you.Avoid this book if you 're looking for information on actual Wicca .
 While this book does contain a lot of information , it 's mostly fluff . Also , if you do your research , a lot of it is way off . This book was written for the fluffy bunnies , not for the serious practitioner .
 I think it 's sad how many people put there faith in SRW . This woman speaks of Christianity more than any other book I 've seen . I 've actually met one of her friends who say she gets a lot of grief for this . It 's for a reason !!! I was told this was for Tolerance amongst religions ... to I dunno say cover all her basis . Tolerance is great ... I have many Christian friends ... but when it comes down to it there is no point in trying to blend it with an already complicated religion . I myself am not Wiccan ... I am Celtic Pagan ... but have study both paths for 11 years . I 've said my piece the choice is yours .
 I honestly believe that paganism , religion whatever you want to call it is about bettering yourself . Not begging to diety to give you everything you want . Silver claims to belive the same thing but then provides spells for love and money . How many books does she need to publish on the same information . It seems to me that she is just trying to get her 15 minutes of fame , and make a bunch of money . There is nothing new in this book that makes it a ` must read ' . If you want an introduction Paganism
 I have an eclectic taste in my reading material and I was hoping this book would present a neat atmospheric tableau upon which the author spun her `` facts '' about this topic , but I did n't find much that was impressive , cool , informative , or even suitably moody about Solitary Witch . In short , I 'm sorry to say it was a bit of a letdown . EXCEPT man that cover is wild ! Might I make the suggestion that better packaging would help a future edition ? By that I mean dress up the interior with art and design that matches the grand cover . That would really spark this tome up .
 Please , everyone thinking of buying this book stop beforehand and do a little research on Silver Ravenwolf . Go to any search engine and type in her name . The many misrepresentations in her books as well as the inconsistancies and flat out lies should be taken into account before you decide if you want to purchase any of her books or not.I say again : Do yourself a favor and look up this author before making any purchases .
 I never really liked Ravenwolf 's work.It teaches to the pagan community how `` cool '' it is to be wiccan.With this book it was n't like she was typing to a 5 year old which was better but , it still holds all the superficial glamour teachings and spells which I think is ignorant.All of these kids/teenagers are being lead on that magick and being a witch is a end to all your social problems.Well let me warn you , it 's not.But I personally believe if you 're going to study paganism or wicca read everything you can and take from it what you feel is true .
 I bought this because it seemed to cover a lot of territory . In the end , that 's its biggest fault -- kind of a lick and a promise approach . Even worse is that this author seems to devote much of her efforts to feeding the usual teenaged angst , and giving youngsters the idea SHE is the only one who understands them ... very dangerous territory , IMO . One thing to offer generic advice , and another to try to generate a cult following . Some useful stuff within , but even more to have to sift through with a grain of salt . If you 're new to this topic , do n't make the mistake of ending your search here .
 If you 're looking for a re-hashed conglomerate of all the books on the craft out there , then go ahead and buy this book . Here , Silver has successfully minced up her old works , thrown in some bogus information to taste , and hit the puree button on the proverbial blender.Personally , I would n't bother with the investment . I borrowed the book from a friend , and returned it disgusted , not wanting to buy it for myself . In this book , there are places where Silver begins to Christanize some of the Pagan ideas ... in my opinion , she 's just selling out her craft.If you 're looking to get started in the craft , I would absoluely recommend some of her earlier books , like `` To Ride a Silver Broomstick '' and `` To Stir a Magick Cauldron . '' These books are excellent , and essential additions to the library of any serious Witch . This new book , however , is defiently one that my bookshelf will be happier without !
 When I first began down the path of Wicca , it was recommended to me that I purchase Silver Ravenwolf 's books . So I went out and purchased all of them at one time . What a waste of money!These books read like a first grader 's primer . They are quite elementary in nature . They do n't really teach you how to do anything on your own . You basically learn Silver 's way of doing it and that 's that . She contradicts herself right and left and is very condescending at times . She also bashes Christians and people of religions other than Wicca.The way that the material is presented by Silver is as if she is the only person who is right when it comes to how to practice Wicca . Unfortunately , there are some that have bought into Silver 's teachings . I once joined a coven before learning that the Priestess was a fan of Silver Ravenwolf 's and that the coven members hung on every word that she wrote or spoke . I lasted about four months before I realized that I was n't learning anything more than what Silver taught them in her books . This was because Silver teaches her way of doing things , not how to do things . Penczak is a much better teacher than Silver . I recommend all his books to newbies.I guess that my biggest gripe is the fact that Silver really does think that she knows it all . Since my grandmother was a witch -LRB- not Wiccan -RRB- , I learned a lot from her . She would take me out to the woods and teach me about herbs and the animals . She taught me how to decant and store herbs , make potions , lotions , poultices , medications , etc. . She taught me about the energies and how to manipulate them . What I learned from Grandma , I was able to take and make my own with changes and such . That is the way a person should teach another . But that is not what Silver does . She teaches her way and her way only.Why did I want to explore Wicca ? Because I wanted to see if there was anything that I missed out on . Believe me , what Silver teaches is n't anything compared to what my grandmother taught me . The only good thing to come from Silver 's books is that I am working on a book about what my grandmother taught me . At least Silver 's books were n't a total waste .
 I have tried to read the `` whole '' of the book , but find that the book has too many `` holes '' . For those who are interested in the Wiccan path , read Scott Cunningham as a start as he , and there are others , who explain and teach with great wisdom.I am sorry I am not s fan of hers , but I find her books more for teenagers and certainly they should not be reading Silverwolf without having read a proper authority on Wicca . Sadly , hers are the books that remind me too much of Halloween and all the kiddy behavior that sometimes follows.Please , save your money .
 I bought this book about 3 years ago , I believe.I almost always buy books before I read them , mostly due to the fact that I do all of my book buying online ... . But just this once , I wish there were a library for these sorts of books that I could 've read through it before buying ... It would 've been nice if I had someone at the time to advice me against spending that $ 20 ... I am against any religious bashing , which Ravenwolf does a couple of times towards Christianity . Bashing is a pretty strong word , but still -- what right do any of us have to call another religion 's believes `` superstitions '' ? I wish so badly that this book , when it came to the spells and rituals , would be more of a guide instead of a step by step instruction manual.I also wish that there was SOMETHING about the Rede in there , something more about meditation , and karma ... To make a long story short : I recycled it.And that says a lot.Find another book -- please .
 Has she stopped researching for these books ? I have never returned a book in my life but this one went back to the store . Being Asatru I immediately opened up to the section on runes . That was a joke , they were completely messed up . She changed the names , swapped meanings for the runes , and even included the blank one . Runes are not something that one can debate on , they are what they are . The section of teenie bopper spells was memorable . Of course that kind of throws the three fold rule out the window . Or drives the witch performing them into a pickle , I would not want that backlash . This book was a waste of perfectly good paper .
 For what the book offers it is well organized and useful in format . Unfortunately the material itself is the standard watered-down and distorted Craft content designed for teens that we 've seen time and time again . There is however something curious that arises in this book.Here Ravenwolf presents the Charge of the Goddess , and remarks that this version appeared in The Grimoire of Lady Sheba -LRB- published in 1972 -RRB- . However , she alters the original text without indicating this was done . This is not only extremely improper protocol for an author when quoting another , but also raises the question of professional ethics . The omitted passage originally read '' ... and as a sign that ye be really free , ye shall be naked in your rites and ye shall sing ... '' Ravenwolf alters the text to read '' ... and as a sign that ye be really free , ye shall sing ... `` While the author is certainly entitled to her own inhibitions , this does not extend to altering the meaning of another author 's work . On page 71 Ravenwolf writes about ritual nudity -LRB- skyclad -RRB- saying
 Like several other reviewers here , I thought `` wow , this is a BIG book so it must contain lots of stuff ! '' Well , yes and no . It IS big and it DOES contain lots of stuff but not necessarily lots of USEFUL stuff.I have read several other of Silver 's books and must say that she is not my favorite pagan author . She can be confusing and is obviously out to look `` cool '' and make a buck but she is amusing and sometimes informative . This time , however , it looks like she bit off a bit more than she could chew.My first complaint is the format ; it is very confusing and skips around far too much . I agree with others that this should not be your 1st book on Wicca . She writes as though she were reviewing techniques and concepts that she has already explained -- apparently elsewhere . Even the basics like casting a circle are n't very well explained . And while you 're reading along , suddenly you stumble over a bit that someone else has written concerning `` other '' types of magick -LRB- such as hoo-doo -RRB- that really do n't add to the part you were reading and , in fact , are often inaccurate.My other complaint is that this book is obviously written for the teenager . I am not a teenager . I therefore did not buy -LRB- or read -RRB- her books on teenage witches . I resent having purchased a book under what I consider false pretenses -- i.e. that this book was for an adult , solitary witch . I do not need help with my homework , with acne or with peer pressure . Most of the spells she gives are geared for these kinds of things and that irritated me a lot . I would 've thought she more than covered these things in her other teenage-geared books but apparently she feels these things are also of concern for the adult witch . Sorry , Silver , they are n't . Granted , teenagers are more easily manipulated to a particular viewpoint than adults -LRB- most adults anyway -RRB- so I would predict that those books sell better . But why insult the adults with a supposed `` ultimate book of shadows '' that is really geared to kids?On the plus side , she is an amusing author -- even if she does n't have the grounding in quantum mechanics that she 'd like us to believe . There is some helpful information in this book , but you 'll have to dig for it . I 'd recommend Scott Cunningham 's books instead if you are serious about the Craft .
 Bottom line
 Why is she still able to sell this crap !
 In the world of witchcraft today , it can easily be observed by the casual onlooker that such books as this are responsible for the numerous people becoming interested in pagan spirituality . Books like this present information pretaining to the topic in an easy-to-follow and easy-to-understand format . Yet , this book and other books by this author are responsible for the wide circulation of plastic , childish , horribly misleading and inaccurate teachings of a religion today called `` Wicca '' . To you folk who have `` come to the Goddess '' , or `` became a witch '' , by reading this book and others like it , I must say to you that are fools . Look at the situation people
 I do n't understand why Silver RavenWolf is so popular . She is a horrible writer . You have to be an idiot to get anything out of it . That 's all that really needs to be said . STOP WRITING SILVER !!
 If you have no plans on taking Wicca seriously , read it by all means , but if you 're exploring this as a legitimate religious option , stay away from her at all costs .
 I bought this book on a whim to see if it was really as bad as they say . While it does cover a lot of topics , most are glazed over . She also spends pages and pages writing about things unrelated to the subject . It seemed like every sentence had extra words added to it to take up more space . There several instances where for four pages + -LRB- this book is pretty large -RRB- she typed and typed but managed to say nothing useful at all.I may be fairly new to this but I 'm pretty sure glitter has no place in magick . The book does not talk about the gods and goddess save to provide a rather lame list of deities associated with each pantheon . Over and over again hiding your magickal activities is stressed . While the more important aspects , like being in touch with nature get misplaced behind Acne Removal spells.This book is definitely meant for teens.Her use of long repetitive phrases really bothers me because it seems like half the book is just filler . Not to mention the history being off and the almost total omission of deity.Don ' t buy this book .
 This is a review about all of Silver Ravenwolf 's `` To Ride a Silver Broomstick '' and its sequels and her BOS-Encyclopedia book.Until today , I never realized the ineffectiveness of Silver Ravenwolf 's books . I am 16 . I have read/owned her books since I was 11 . When my -LRB- christian -RRB- aunt came into my room about one week ago when I was playing with my cousins , my immediate reaction was `` Oh no , she 's going to think I 'm corrupting her children with what she thinks is a ` Satanic , evil ' religion . '' When I reflected upon my reaction , I realized I was judging my aunt , and Christianity , and that I , I was the one who was being judgmental and persecuting her . Silver Ravenwolf 's books do slam Christians . I totally bought into her slander . Who does n't want to feel better than one third of the world , more enlightened than one third of the world ? Everyone wants to feel like they know secrets that other people do not . Everyone wants to be `` right . '' I was/am no exception . If you want tolerance , it is not in these books , although they preach tolerance.I have also come away with a paranoid attitude toward Wicca/Witchcraft . I feel like it is forbidden , hated by society . Silver Ravenwolf encourages teens to hide their practice from people for fear of persecution . Maybe she is right , but I feel scared to even TALK about it . That is not an attitude that anyone should have about divinity or their chosen religion.Also , if you asked me to define `` Wicca '' or `` Witchcraft '' I would give you a very vague answer . I do not know the difference - what have I been practicing ?! I could tell you some stuff about paganism , but not Wicca.Well , I have begun studying ceremonial magic out of `` Modern Magic '' by Donald Michael Kraig . I have not read any reviews of the book , but I feel like I finally have an idea what I am supposed to be feeling in the rituals I perform . Kraig is very clear about what is factual history and what is mythical `` history . '' With Ravenwolf , spellcasting techniques were so vague that I felt I had no solid base to work from.The only way to practice a religion is the way it is meant to be practiced , not any way you feel like it . Even Wicca , a new religion , does have core beliefs that need to be adhered to . You ca n't just study the occult in general and consider yourself Wiccan or a Witch.DO NOT BUY THIS BOOK ESPECIALLY IF YOU ARE A BEGINNER . YOU WILL ONLY GET WRONG AND VAGUE INFORMATION . I WAS MISLED BY HER BOOKS .
 I would have given this particular vitrol 0-stars , if I could have . * sigh * Because , it 's not worth the money for it , while there are so many much better books out there ! By such authors as Laurie Cabot , Janet & Stewart Farrar , and Doreen Valiente , etc. -LRB- All of whos work I emphatically recommend ! -RRB- Now , I will admit that , although it truly is n't saying a whole lot , it is better than her previous books . Because , we should truly expect much better from authors amid the Pagan community ! And , it is in this vein with which I write this review.Frankly , as a Witch , I can not imagine that she would have called this book any `` Ultimate Book of Shadows '' , because it certainly is no -LRB- truth be known -RRB- workable Book Of Shadows , becauyse of what simply is not within it 's pages ! If you look at any of the Outer Court Material -LRB- pre-Initiate training & published Books of Shadows -RRB- or the material from various Books of SHadows -LRB- such as Gardners or the Farrars ' books -RRB- you 'll see exactly what I 'm referring to . This alleged `` Ultimate Book of Shadows '' bears no resemblance to treating Wtchcraft as a religion , and is sadly a disservice . Also , in that vein , there were several inaccuracies , which I would like to take the time to correct : * The majority of it can be found in her previous books , about 80-90 % , in fact ! * She makes several errors , such as stating that `` Rede '' is old english in origin . When , in fact , it is Saxon in origin and means `` counsil '' or `` advice '' . * And , another error is that she claims `` Theoretically , black is not a colour - it 's the absense of light . '' Not so - according to physics . As it was told to me by a Physics tutorial , the reason we percieve an asphalt road as black -LRB- their example -RRB- is because it 's sub-atomic structure is pulling in and absorbing every frequency and colour in the spectrum ! So , yes , black is a colour - it 's the combonation of all colours ! Or , put another way , black is the result of total light wave absorption ! * She also makes a mockery of The Science Trad . of Witchcraft which I follow ! And , her so-much as claiming to have studied physics is odd when one see 's that she referrs to the reader over & over as an `` observer '' . When according to physicists we are a `` participator '' . And , the very word `` observer '' MUST be written off the books ! This is one of the first things I learned in studying Science and Physics , -LRB- I have also read the works of a variety of very well respected physicists and the latest theories thereof -RRB- . Not to mention the fact that she severly downplays physics , entirely , stating that it 's just simple processes , rather than using it to explain a Universe which makes sense to the Witch , which it can -LRB- and has -RRB- done ! * Her history was n't very good . After all , why read a paraphased version of history , by mere quotes from Hutton 's work , rather than reading the whole book ? You 'd be better for it . He 's a ttrue scholar , albeit biased -LRB- he once mistranslated Cerridwen 's name to mean `` Crooked Woman '' -RRB- . Although , that does n't mean there is no value to his books - quite the opposite ! `` The Stations Of the Sun '' and `` The Triumph of the Moon '' ought to be on every dedicated Witch 's library ! * Her alleged `` spells '' are off kilter , often , as well . Many of them are not , in actuality , `` Wiccan '' -LRB- which is what they are labled as -RRB- . The majprity of them are , in fact , Pow-Wow Folk Magic -LRB- note how I 've spelled `` magick '' -RRB- . And , another thing , which would make some very Traditional Witches gasp in horror -LRB- if I may be perfectly blunt -RRB- is that many of them call , for a red plastic dinner plate , and other el-cheap-o , unnatural , and non-religious items . Becauise , quite bluntly , non-natural items can not hold a psychic charge for any real length of time . And , this is a religion , remember . We do n't use plastic dixy cups to pour out our libation to The Gods , after all !
 This book does nothing but the same thing most all her other `` works '' have done
 I had read some titles by Silver RavenWolf , and purchased this one.I can NOT recommend this book to anyone is good conscience , and I have so many problems with this book ; I hardly know where to begin.Ms . RavenWolf is into getting you to practise her spells instead of giving you the knowledgs and tools to write your own.Simply reading the words without your intent and energy behind them ; you might as well say Hocus pocus ! , Shazam ! , Abracadabra ! , etc. I am very disturbed by the fact that the author did not even devote one sentence to discussion of the Rede , and teaching the newbies the `` ethics '' of magic . All magic has a boomerang effect . What you send out is visited on you.I need to speak to a few matters in the book.Page 20
 I Am very disappointed with this book . I own and highly recommend `` To Ride A Silver Broomstick '' to anyone who is fairly new and interested in The Craft . I also own `` To Stir A Magic Cauldron '' which in it 's own right is pretty decent . So when I saw a book that is being advertised as a `` Book Of Shadows '' For a solitary Witch , By Silver Ravenwolf , I was very excited and purchased it.That was a mistake . I am a fairly adept Wiccan , however I am always reading and learning , and suggesting to people just beginning , or even just interested in learning new things , like myself . You can never learn or read enough . Wicca should be a constantly flowing religion.This book is not helpful , I have NO problem with folk Magick , or `` kitchen Witchery '' I actually have a great respect for it , so that is not at all what I am complaining about.The biggest fault of this book is , it is not advertised as a book for young adults or teens , and it is ! It has a condescending writing style that I am not too sure even if i was 15 years younger I would appreciate . Some `` Spells '' in the book can be used to fit some small needs , maybe . It just has terrible references to teachers , fellow students , Proms . Gee , This is a little silly for anyone who is not a young EARLY teen , sort of interested in dabbling in Magick , Which could actually be dangerous if not done properly . Anyone in that realm -LRB- new to Wicca -RRB- should pick up a Cunningham book , and anyone who has had more than a few months , maybe weeks reading about Wicca should seriously invest in a Christopher Penczak book , they are intelligent and informative.Again I am very disappointed with Silver Ravenwolf , She WAS one of my favorite Wiccan Authors . I wish she would refocus her attention to the adult Pagans , and if she does write a book directed towards teens or preteens , advertise the book that way!If you are a solitary Witch and want a book to further your education on the craft , do not bother to pollute your mind with this drivel . Believe me it actually pains me to say that about a Ravenwolf book .
 I would not use this book or any by this author . She has a Dogmatic approach which lends itself to be a one way view.It has some valid material but for someone who is serious about Witchcraft do n't bother unless you like to be subject to her moral dogmatic beat down . Start with Scott Cunningham and avoid her material .
 I was expecting much more after reading the hard copy of the same titles book lent to me by a friend . This book , however , is n't half as informative . It has a chapter about sex . Nothing magickal about it . Really informative about herbs and basic spells , but I would n't recommend this book to serious practicers .
 There are SOOOO many GREAT books about wicca and witchcraft out there I certainly would n't waste my money again on this book , and I suggest others do n't either . When I picked up this book I thought it was very cheesy . It is a lot of pop ideas wich are beyond illogical just to make wicca look like something out of the movies.This book reads like it walked right out the tv show charmed . It is full of false information made just to look cute so it will sell . This book is not for anyone who is seriously interested in learning to be a solitary witch and teaches many pagan ideas without many WIccan teachings -LRB- an YES they are 2 totally different things even though you would n't know that by reading her book . -RRB- I am not in a coven and I am very happy being a solitary practioner but I understand wicca is a religious choice and like any religion there are beliefs and redes which are followed . It is not ` do whatever you want to do and call yourself wiccan ' . Yes some things in religion are personal choices -LRB- like choosing to be a vegetarian for example -RRB- but the building blocks of the religion are totally lost in this book.Freedom of choice in religion is wonderful and its everyones right but if your choice is to make up your own religion you should not go around saying your wiccan when you do not follow the wiccan ways , Unfortunatly that is EXACTLY what ravenwolf does.This supposedly `` advanced '' book doesnt go into details on the history of wicca -LRB- and when it does often much of the information is not historically factual -RRB- and does n't give clear definitions of wicca , paganism , or witchcraft . This book may seem simple to understand however it will only confuse readers who study deeper as they will end up having to unlearn almost all of it as they become serious.This book just doesnt encourage deep thinking or lots of factual information , It DOES however make the reader feel like they can just read a spell out loud from the book and it will all work in a puff of blue smoke.This book seems a nice commercial , and cutesy to make everything pretty and oh so shiny . This book is teaching hype not truths . If you truly want to learn about wicca as a solitarty practioner and do n't have many resources then skip this book and spend your money on a different book , and read one of the many other wonderful solitary practioner books out there .
 How many times can the same thing be said in a different way ? Well , apparently at least one more time . I have to admit that this book is not as sappy as the author 's usual work . And although Silver 's writings appear to still be targeting the Teen Market , this book is not as `` dumbed down '' as we 've seen from her in the past . Still , I have to cringe at some of the topics covered in this book -LRB- like spells for acne -RRB- . All that aside , this book seems better thought out than Silver 's past books . And there is a small trace of an attempt to bring balance to this work regarding historical perspectives . For a teen 's book , this one is not as bad as others we 've seen . But , `` not so bad '' is n't really what we should accept or encourage from writers in our community . But that 's just my opinon , I could be wrong .
 I DO NOT recommend this book . Much of the book is a mixture of different paths and traditions that are used out of context and become very confusing in the format in which it is written . It has everything from shamanism and hermetic tradition to voodon and hoodoo , not mention it 's all mushed in to the framwork of wicca . This irrated me throughout the book because you can not gain an understanding of a path or parts of a path while divorcing it from its original cultural context.The rest of the book is made up of lists of correspondances , the author 's personal stories , spells and rituals , and psychiatric advice for teenagers . I absolutely do not like how the book is targeted for teenagers with things like `` locker spells '' and spell to `` relieve the pressure of an unfair professor '' and I was one who bought it as a teenager . Back then , it even seemed very fake and cheesy for something that is supposed to be a great encylopedia of witchcraft . On the other hand , as a reference for a more advanced witch , it has some value . A brief mention of something has the potential to spur more vigious research into the original myths and lore .
 I 'm a teen witch and I love ravenwolf fartingtail because she understands EXACTLY how i feel ? In fact her wonderful book has this spell that lets me send elves to protect my locker . I 'm a wiccan because I know what fairies are , and what dragons are , and even how to do voodoo , yes even though those have nothing to do with wicca at all ! Yes and i got all that information from that book . I 'm so glad i found this `` turn myself into a wiccan book '' because now . One time I did n't have a friends phone number , so I did the ` call me ' spell and then 2 months later she really DID call me ? I must be the most wonderful powerful witch in the universe . And you know what happened today ? I told the teacher that no , the periodic table is wrong and that there is are 5 elements , yup thats RIGHT ! Do n't forget about spirit ! My classmate called me a warlock but she was so dumb because . . there are no such things as warlocks nor devils ! I have to go soon now because my coven wants to do a spell I found in this book to help us get 100 on our exams ! I just love spending money on $ ilvers overpriced ` magick ' books that dont even teach how to raise and focus emotional energy.I know that my wicca religion is very ancient and has been passed down thousands of generations orally . 1950 BC !
 you do n't have to give $ ilver more money , if your searching a spritual aproach you must read Marian Green 's - A Witch Alone , if you 're searching a new modern positive attitude read lasara Firefox 's Sexy witch .
 I purchased this book with the idea that it could be a good reference guide for a student I have been working with . I would have returned the book if I could have . Although it is focused toward the wandering teen , it 's ideas are too scarce . The ideas within are not necessarily focused to any one religion , but a mix of all the different aspects that the author has put together as wicca . This is a choice that is made by the practicioner , and nowhere in this book does it stress this opinion.For those who would like some fun reading about what fantasy religion could be , this would be the book for you . For those who really need some insight into pagan or wiccan religion/spirituality should look elsewhere .
 We do need more people to challenge outdated religious concepts , but Michael 's arguments of `` updating '' God to match our present cosmology simply wo n't work.Our present scientific cosmology , whatever its limitations , was not developed with God in mind . All ideas came from observation , speculation , theory , and testing of physical results . In none of that can we find evidence of God 's hand directing it.If we superimpose `` God '' on our present paradigm , what kind of God would He/She/It be ? Michael proposes awe and wonder at the mystery surrounding us . We do n't need God to feel that . Michael states that `` God remains utterly transcendent and utterly immanent '' . Perhaps , if we could prove the existence of a God . Michael further states `` God remains , even more so , the greatest mystery of all , beyond our concepts and beyond our mistaken efforts to shape God into our notion of ` person ' and beyond the popular image of a male deity '' . In other words , when we choose `` God '' , we are choosing merely our own thoughts and ideas as to what God is.Michael writes that the apostle Paul has an outdated cosmology , and we need to reject Paul . Yet looking at the same observable facts , Paul rightly concluded in Rom 9:16 that '' ... it is not of him that willeth , nor of him that runneth , but of God that sheweth mercy . `` Paul 's conclusion was based on obvious physical evidence plus the fact that we can not choose a God who is not dependent on our own beliefs and and opinions shaped by culture , genetics , and psychological dependency.Granted , the old cultural ideas of God are outdated , but simply superimposing `` God '' over a new cosmology that does n't need him is much like corporate welfare or political porkbarrels . If there is a God , then he/she/it is not dependent on our concepts . If we place God within this new cosmology , we merely make God the result of our measurements.This is exactly what Paul , Jesus , and the disciples taught against . If man is a creation of God , then man must accept freedom for his own decisions apart from culture or ideological needs . Knowing this to be fully impossible , Jesus stands as an offering of grace for those who seek truth beyond that of men.By seeking to remove the sacrifice of Christ , Michael makes us sacrificial objects to the ideas of humans and majority rule .
 I kept waiting for Tolstoy to get off the soapbox , but it never happened . The writing is classic , and the characterization very easy to follow . But the payoff was lacking -- it seemed to me that the book was more interested in making a point -LRB- which I think was Tolstoy 's object anyway -RRB- than actually having a book that provides a true novel experience . I suppose my review expresses my disappointment , as Tolstoy is one of my all-time favorite writers .
 I downloaded sample to compare the translation of this edition , but the entire thing was the introduction . There was n't even a hint of the first paragraph . The publisher ought to address this soon . I will not buy until i have an idea of this version 's meter and flow .
 To read the plot summary off the cover , you would have thought that this was a lovely poignant classic , along the lines of `` Little House '' or something . Just sounded so sweet . It was n't . I got tired of the over the top , bizarre sexual scenarios , they were perverted and so unnecessary to the otherwise compelling story . It seemed so forced as if the author thought it vital to the selling of the book to throw in various gratuitous sex scenes . Nothing like the style of story you would think you were getting from the paragraph descriptions above on this book . I got half way through the book and gave up ... wasted time . Very disappointed .
 This one was painful to read . All of the dialogue is underlined -LRB- yes , I know it 's supposed to be hundreds of fictional letters , but unfortunately , like real letters , the content tends to drift -RRB- , and I found that distracting . I did n't care enough about Ivy , the heroine , to spend hours reading her letters.This book should have been titled
 No matter if the `` hero '' was nice and appologetic or not after the first rape , which he was not he was a JERK the whole time it seemed , our heroine was still raped . Do n't they have syndromes for victims who fall in love with their captors ? Well , I liken this story to that . I like Jennifer Blake but she seems to like rape scenes for some reason . Not very romantic material .
 The so-called `` hero '' of this book is nothing more than a rapist . For goodness sake , the first time they get together , he throws her down , holds her down and rapes her , and yet this is somehow supposed to be seen as romantic.This book is sickening . It does not deserve to be called a romance novel .
 This is absurd . I do n't know how the other reviewers judged this book . It is based on -LSB- assault -RSB- of an innocent girl and coersion . I 'm forced to give a 1 star because no stars is not an option . The author is way off base in this one . I stopped reading the book when the prince mistook Angeline for Claire and proceeded to -LSB- assault -RSB- her .
 Mel Torme wrote a very vicious and innaccurate book about Judy Garland on the set of the tv series . He takes a shot at her in this book as well . He has told nothing but lies about Judy so how much truth is he telling in his own life and about others ? . It 's about time someone else wrote a definative book on Torme .
 Modifications in this book are for old model scanners from the early 90 's . The publiser should pull this book !
 This book deals in stereotypes and caricatures . It ignores the example of Jesus Christ , and denies the exile status of God 's predestined elect people . It begs the question continually by assuming that the `` responsible '' thing to do is to kill the bad guys . As in his book on hell and the immortality of the soul , there is no evidence of Morey carefully reading the literature of those he attacks.For a page by page refutation of this book , I recommend Richard Barber 's `` Whenis it right to Fight ? Never '' , available from Pilgrim Brethren Press , po box 171 , Petersburg , Ohio 44454 . Barber is a sovereign grace pacifist , like me .
 The best thing about Morey 's book is the Recommended Reading list at the end . Too bad he did n't study some of the books he listed . John Howard Yoder could have helped him tremendously . For the most part he omitted the most significant pacifists of the twentieth century . Yet he claims to offer a rebuttal to a position he does n't remotely understand.This ill considered little book is filled with poorly examined assumptions . If you are looking for a thoughtful and biblically insightful defense of war , this is not it . But if you want a shallow piece of work that may reinforce your prejudice , When Is It Right To Fight ? may be exactly what you have in mind .
 Steven Ozment 's Magdalena and Balthasar , originally published during the unprecedented materialistic frenzy of the mid 1980s , addresses only the narrow social concerns of a youthful American white middle class hell bent on having it all . This class-or more correctly , subclass-which in its heyday became derisively known as young urban professionals or Yuppies , espoused the obviously contradictory goals of making money hand-over-fist while simultaneously attempting to maintain a household and some semblance of a family structure . The contradiction arose from the necessity of having both husband and wife pursue monetarily rewarding careers outside the home . But these childless couples , known also as Dinks -LRB- double income , no kids -RRB- , wanted it all , that is , a mom , a dad , a kid , a dog , a hearth , a home , and copious quantities of cash and goods . Thus a complete rearrangement , or complete confusion , of `` traditional '' family roles resulted . Ultimately , the formerly fixed roles of husband and wife were transformed into interchangeable , if not superfluous , roles for the sake of material success.Ozment 's book is a typical byproduct of the id&eacute;e fixe that dominated the minds of educated white middle class Americans in the closing decades of the last century . While proclaiming itself to be an `` intimate portrait of life in the 16th century , '' its primary purpose is to justify the American marriage experiment of the late 1980s by appealing to the historical example of Balthasar and Magdalena Paumgartner of Nuremberg . Although Ozment 's history may have been important to a specific and somewhat elite audience in the 1980s-an audience that was struggling with the validity of its marriage theories and was desperately seeking any validation of its experiments-his history now smacks of mere opportunism and pandering . Which is only to say that a timely history is not necessarily a timeless history.Moving beyond the social milieu of its author and the socio-political forces that distorted his thinking , how does Balthasar and Magdalena stand up to analysis as history ? No matter how detailed or superficial the analysis , the history fails on all counts.At about the one-third point of the book the attentive reader begins to experience a vague sense of d&eacute;j&agrave; vu . One moment the narrative seems to be repeating the material presented in the letters of Magdalena and Balthasar , and the next moment the letters seem to be repeating the material presented in the narrative by Steven Ozment . On closer examination , not only is material being repeated for no apparent reason , but the strong inference arises that the book has been cut to pieces and then haphazardly pasted together again . Indeed , analyzing the narrative portions separately creates the overwhelming impression that the work originally began and ended as a straight narrative history that drew heavily upon quotations from the source letters . The letters between Magdalena and Balthasar , not to mention the scattered artwork , seem to have been added as an afterthought . This interlarding of the narrative with the same epistolary examples cited in the narrative causes a profound and tormenting redundancy to pervade the entire work . The reader grows increasingly disgruntled when he begins to realize that he is reading a 100 page book disguised as a 200 page book.Some mention must be made of Ozment 's failure to prove his thesis , which generally holds that marriage and family relations in 16th century Europe were not substantially different from those in late 20th century America , and specifically that Balthasar and Magdalena Paumgartner of Nuremberg were `` ordinary '' people whose `` intimate '' letters reveal lessons of historical importance.Concerning the general thesis , it need only be said that Ozment 's historical couple has been deliberately selected for their ostensible conformity to modern white middle class notions of what the marriage relationship should be . That is , Balthasar and Magdalena have been dredged up from the sea of time not because their story is of historical importance and therefore worthy of preservation for future generations , but rather because their story seems to validate the theories and experiments of the present generation . Of course Ozment sees his history as flying in the face of contemporary thinking , in that it refutes the idea that there is something novel about the `` warm , private , egalitarian modern family . '' His position is that the transition from `` patriarchy to partnership '' began long before the 20th century . Thus , Ozment succeeds in chastising his peers for their `` post modern '' conceit yet does not deviate from the party line . This unfortunate mismatch of past fact and present faith is the usual result when historians seek to justify the ways of man to history.It is painfully obvious that this husband and wife are far from `` ordinary . '' Although not members of the nobility , they are nevertheless solid Nuremberg middle class , politically well connected and never wanting for material things . Even within the tightly controlled selection of letters Ozment allows his reader to peruse , it is not hard to see a historical couple trying frantically to amass great wealth , keep a household , raise a child and make the move to a country estate . This husband and wife team , these `` partners '' in unbridled materialism , plainly want it all . Under any analysis , Balthasar and Magdalena are statistical and historical anomalies and are not at all typical of ordinary 16th century people or marriages . On the other hand , their perpetual boredom , their obsession with food , health cures and bodily functions , their superficial intimacy and perfunctory declarations of religious faith , their complete lack of charity , and above all else their dogged pursuit of money make them the prototype for young urban professionals . Ozment , in his fervent desire to justify the socio-political experiments of his own century by an appeal to historical precedent , has inadvertently turned Balthasar and Magdalena into the Yuppies of Nuremberg .
 This book is quite possibly the worst book I 've ever read . The language is rudimentary at best , with Anderson 's repetitious narrative grating on my nerves from the very beginning . He seems quite fond of certain descriptions , and as the subject of these descriptions are presented time and again , he reverts back to his original presentation of them , such as `` her long face , '' or `` sheafs of paper '' - again and again throughout the book . The tone and framework of the writing is reminiscent of the Weekly Readers I was required to read as a student in the sixth grade . There were different levels and colors assigned to the books according to the student 's reading skill , 1 being the beginner level and 4 being the moderately difficult level , using the primary palette as a compliment to this system . I would not be surprised to see this book being issued as a Yellow Stripe Level 2 , sitting on the shelves of elementary schools across the country.The storyline is weak and the characterization is completely off target . There are holes in the plot you could drive a Mack truck through . It is rare that I give such a scathing review , but this , I assure you is completely warranted . This book is not only insulting to X-Files fans , but to readers in general . I suppose one can not expect much from a book that supports no critical acclaim of its own on the back cover , rather , but for the series solely responsible for its marginal success . Did no one have anything positive to say about this travesty ? Not even the janitor at the New York Times ? Not surprising.From the first line , it was obvious this would be a waste of time and I struggled to even finish it . By page 22 I had already flagged 3 grammatical errors ... and by the time I finished the book I had flagged 9 in all , unforgivable in a widely circulated published work . I can only hope the editor was asleep on the job , and not as incompetent as his/her work would suggest . One can only hope the other X-Files serial novels are not as ridiculously juvenile as Ground Zero .
 This book is totally impossible , rather than implausible asmost of the X-files are
 So , how can I say this succintly and clearly?The abridged audiobook is not good . It is bad . It is not well read . It has few of the best qualities of the TV show.Read by Gillian Anderson , the abrdiged audiobook clocks in at about 3 hours and read unenthusiastically by Gillian Anderson . One of the reasons I picked this one up is that I figured she 'd read it well . It says it was recorded in Vancouver in 1995 -LRB- where the show was filmed -RRB- and it sounds like she read it between takes . She sounds tired and completely uninterested in the text.Then again , when you look at what she was reading , I can not blame her for being uninterested . This book has none of the zip of the show . Mulder 's lines are almost non-existant . No smart-aleck lines or observation . No wry sense of humor that makes even the weakest of the TV shows watchable -LRB- I love the X-Files but let 's face it - every episode is not being shipped to the TV Hall of Fame ... -RRB- . This book is a tired and pale imitation of what the show was . You can see the ending coming and you wish it would just hurry up and get here . Perhaps the abridgement gutted the book but I was glad it was abridged.The science behind this audiobook is laughable . Not the supernatural stuff - that 's what the X-Files is all about . I mean the atomic science . Does the author really think that anyone can explode an atomic bomb without radiation detectors picking up on it ? Remember Chernobyl ? The West knew it had gone wrong long before the Soviets admitted to it because it was detected by Western atomic sensors . Atomic blasts show up on seismographs . That 's how we knew India and Pakistan had them . But , let 's ignore facts like that and roll right along with a silly premise.Skip this one .
 I have to admit that I am a fan of `` The X-Files '' television series . I enjoy the interaction of the characters , their wit , and the way many things are left unsaid , leaving the watcher to wonder . I read Ground Zero to see if those qualities could transfer to the written media . Unfortunately , I found that the book 's portrayal of those qualities was limited at best . I suppose , in the end , only David Duchovny and Gillian Anderson can bring the characters of Fox Mulder and Dana Scully to life.In Ground Zero Agents Mulder and Scully are assigned the case of the mysterious murder of a nuclear physicist . The book is n't horribly written , although it is very simple . I would only recommend this novel to die-hard `` X-Files '' fans
 Now having read 7 books either written or co-written by Kevin J. Anderson , -LRB- 3 Star Wars , 3 X-Files and 1 Dune -RRB- I can say that the man has good ideas , I just do n't think that his writing is all that absorbing . As with his Star Wars books , his X-Files books never quite ring true of the characters . As for the cases , they are pretty good , but it is n't Mulder and Scully who are chasing down the monsters . Of all the new X-Files books , Charles Grant 's `` Whirlwind '' nails the characters of Mulder and Scully , but the case is n't particularly involving .
 not that good . script for moviewhy do you need to add a specific amount of words ? less can be better , especially in a review
 I was recommended this book by a few family members . I have had my share of experiences and consider myself a spiritual , if not `` mystical '' person . I approached reading this book as something of a zen guide like the books I read in my late teens like Dan Millman 's `` The way of the Peaceful Warrior , '' among others . I was deeply , deeply disappointed.Where do I start . Well , let me begin by saying that Castaneda can not write . The literary content of this book deserves one star , and that 's only because it is written in -LSB- mostly -RSB- complete English sentences . Second , it has no sense of narrative . It is neither driven by a plot or by an overarching concept , unless the vague and amorphous `` search for power '' amounts to something of a plotline . Third , I was not engaged by Castaneda , and I could care less for his search for power ; nor does don Juan provide us with any information regarding the search for power . Merely a series of random and incoherent acts that supposedly help one attune themselves to their inner power . Rather , we 're taken along for the ride - poorly - as Castaneda and don Juan take endless hikes in the desert and meander along various hilltops and describe hallucinations of bushes . I 'm just not sure what that is supposed to convey to the reader . He does n't give any tangible or practical advice , and for someone who does not have access to don Juan , the journey seems moot . Don Juan is constantly and annoyingly laughing and `` cackling '' away at questions posed to him , and condescendingly dismisses questions . He may be an all powerful warrior , but he seems quite simple to someone that only knows him through Castaneda 's portrait . The message , whatever it is , was completely lost on me . I found reading it all the way to the end to be my ultimate sacrifice and eventually , the mission that would bring me power . I told myself that if I could finish it , then I am the ultimate warrior ... I tried to take away one positive thing from the book , if only to be able to share it with the family members that recommended it -LRB- so I do n't completely hurt their feelings -RRB- . I salvaged this quote
 That might not come from reading this book alone , as it is the third most believable of the series . When I was a student , I like many others I know who will confess to having read a Castaneda book or two when pressed , went through a couple of years of Castanedism , reading the 8 classics 2 - 3 times each , and even the later four , quite different books a couple of times . Being someone who likes to give the benefit of the doubt until conclusive evidence proves otherwise , I must admit to only getting suspicious by this , the third book . The second book , A Separate Reality , picks up on the supernormal happenings , but still these are within the realms of possibility , when one considers Spiritualist literature . By Tales of Power , when at the end Carlos throws himself off a cliff and only survives by becoming pure perception , bouncing elastically back and forth 17 times between the two inherent realms of all creation , the tonal and the nagual , the game was up . In Carlos ' terms , my assemblage point had just experienced a considerable shift into the realms of disbelief . The cocoon had burst . I read the remaining books still interested , but with the growing realization that I 'd been had . Bizarre ideas not found in any other spiritual traditions , such as the necessity for people on the path of knowledge to kill their children to reclaim the power they 'd lost to them , plus fill in the holes in their cocoons the children had caused , made me wary . This was surely not a philosophy the whole world should turn to , or else we 'd be living in a fearful , lonely world with every man for himself.However , this would be fine if the books were n't made out to be non-fiction . While I have seen these books placed with science fiction books in many libraries , in most European bookshops they 're still sold with real , non-fiction ` Mind , Body , Spirit ' books . The reason I give this book such a low rating is that an intensive study of his works , the books by his various colleagues , plus Richard De Mille 's intelligent criticisms , can only lead to the conclusion that Castaneda , the writer , used Don Juan and Carlos , two fantasy characters , to verbalize his own beliefs , which were culled from his own spiritual and academic experience . That there are not some useful nuggets of wisdom , or advice in these books I do not deny . That is their very attraction , plus the belief that it all really happened , and is a new spiritual revelation . But as these are mixed up with increasingly bizarre assertions and beliefs -LRB- by the Art of Dreaming it seems all pretence at non-fiction had been given up -RRB- , it is doubtful whether a lifetime devoted to these practices -LRB- as opposed to say , real shamanic practices -RRB- would lead to spiritual improvement . If you must have a Castaneda book in your library , rather get The Wheel of Time , a selection of the spiritual highlights of the first eight books , but consider it rather ` The best of the personal philosophy of Carlos Castaneda ' than anything to do with Don Juan or Shamanism . This understanding may not have the romantic mix of wild Mexican deserts , ancient wisdom , wise old men and naive westerners which captures the hearts of so many , but it is a lot closer to the truth.The anonymous ghost-writer at Schuster and Schuster who corrected Peruvian immigrant Castaneda 's English for at least all of his earlier works -LRB- a sample of his writing from 1969 reveals it was still far from perfect , not like what is in books -RRB- , giving the books their special character , certainly deserves more credit than he or she gets . But they are not written well enough to succeed as fiction , hence their continued classification as non-fiction , besides the intense academic embarrassment it would cause copyright holders UCLA to have to admit such a dramatic change in classification , from fact to fantasy , after having previously given the author a doctorate for his work ! I give this book one star on the basis that any book claiming to represent the truth which is later found to be fraudulent deserves no stars by definition , so I must give the minimum rating allowed . The day this book is reclassified as Fiction , I will up my rating to 3 stars though , as it is a quite entertaining and authentic piece of fiction-posing-as-non-fiction .
 I bought and read this paperback book when it was new and popular and when we were going on a camping vacation . It was so much crap that I threw it in the campfire and thereby made the most of it as it was actually good kindling . I would recommend this book to anyone who needs a good campfire starter .
 Don Juan attempts to teach Carlos Castaneda vague lessons by engaging him in a series of nonsensical activities . Many of the themes are common to other spiritual traditions -LRB- e.g. breaking routines , becoming inaccessible , not doing , or stopping the world -- in the language of this book -RRB- and because of this , the reader may have a clue as to what Don Juan is getting at . However , Don Juan consistently spurns Castaneda when he asks for explanations , insisting on showing him instead . Unfortunately , the demonstrations seem to be pointless and nonsensical . Maybe , that 's the point , but it gets tiresome to endure this over and over again throughout the book . I 'm a big fan of psychedelic drugs and solipsistic thinking , and I approached this book with a great amount of focus but finished it mostly disappointed .
 Castaneda 's books are garbage designed to make money from gullible hippies , and there are plenty of them still around . Caveat emptor , to say the very least .
 Ok , I read the first book and was intrigued . The second book made me a bit restless . The third , I must admit was a complete bore and repeat of the first two . Believe Carlos ' if you wish , but this kind of material is very easy to materialise , in which I think `` over-exaggeration '' comes to mind . Perhaps , there are people out there who wish to have been and met such characters , as did Carlos many years ago , which simply means they have very boring lives . This is one book I have read recently which I do not recommend , because it is completely rubbish .
 How to write a review about a book that does not speak to you ? Difficult . While I liked `` The Teachings of Don Juan
 The concepts in this book are insubstantial and poorly explained because the author himself did not understand them . Sentences like , `` Doing makes a tree a tree and a rock a rock , '' are common in explaining pivotal concepts such as `` doing , '' but are no more than pseudo-koans . Castaneda asks for further explanation but Don Juan is unable or unwilling to truly explicate these concepts in a comprehensive manner that does them justice . They are hinted at in unsatisfactory and ambiguous terms -- never nailed down because even after all of his apprenticeship , it 's obvious Castaneda truly does not understand anything that he was taught and actually gained very little from the teachings . He goes through all the motions and somehow sees what he is supposed to see and somehow even feels what he is supposed to feel , but understands none of it and can not give it significance or grounding . Castaneda 's work has largely been discredited as fraud at this point , and from the writing you can tell that he really only had superficial knowledge of the topics he wrote about because he plagiarized and fabricated most of his work . Books like Autobiography of a Yogi are much much better and more rewarding .
 This is an exciting story for the era , with mystery and violence and romance and childhood innocence . It is extremely melodramatic at times -- purposefully , no doubt -- which adds to the humor of the book . Easy read . This particular printing , however , is completely terrible . There are typos , missing punctuation , and backwards quotation marks . I would recommend this book to lovers of 19th century literature , but please , buy from a different printer !
 I like to buy used books from Amazon -LRB- great prices -RRB- . They have always been in excellent condition . I have to say that this is the first time , I was not totally satisfied . Although the book was in decent condition , it was not in the condition that I am normally use to with Amazon books . The cover was wrinkled from bending and some of the pages were still turned at the corners and not even fixed before it was shipped . I wish maybe having a picture of the book might be helpful although I realize that this is not practical . All the more the description needs to really apply to the book being purchased.I will give it one more chance before I stop buying used books . Just be leery of used products .
 Maybe I went into this book with poor expectations , but I was disappointed on the content and how it was written . It read much more like a PhD thesis than a book . It was also highly one sided in it 's opinions of the Church and Jewish people . I am sad to say I walked away with very little useful information .
 A popular but misguided approach to the , `` ca n't we all just get along '' pluralism of our day . When the non-believing Jews told Jesus their father was Abraham , he told them they were terribly mistaken . He said , `` If your father was Abraham you would have recognized me . '' Instead he told them their real father was the devil . Jesus certainly was n't being an anti-Semite , he was a Semite , but he was telling them the truth . The notion that we worship the same God as non-Christian Jews is no different than the idea of embracing all religions as equal . Christians need to stop apologizing for Jesus and understand that what divides us is much greater than what unites us , because what divides us is God . Jay Bugg
 Christianity is a messiah-mediated religion that originated from Syria-Palestine . It is therefore normal that Christians be introduced to and show interest in the origins of Church beliefs , starting with the Old Testament . These OT stories can be approached on two levels
 A lot of what the author says -LRB- especially in relation to her own story and feelings -RRB- I can relate to , but she goes off onto tangents of psychology and `` Therapy Speak '' that are way over the average readers ' desire to try to follow . A description of a child with attachment difficulties `` rebirthing '' himself ?? The talk about `` container moms '' who must take everything - including being urinated upon in order to let a child know that she identifies with a child past and can take it?I am not sure the guidance and examples provided here are healthy for the parent , even if , by some strange miracle , they are healthy for the child.As a foster/adoptive mom of two healthy , fabulous children , I am shocked at the author 's view that such parents must go to such lengths to help children and form healthy attachments . It seems irresponsible for the author to suggest that complete humiliation and prostration by a parent would be helpful to children with fragile attachments , when such children need healthy role models .
 I am a devout romance reader , and I read everything usually in one sitting whether I enjoy it or not . However there are a few exceptions . This book is one . I could not force myself to finish this book , no matter how hungry I was for a book . To me the characters are tedious , the plot is bland , and the entire book is predictable . Of course , I had read a book previous to this one that was similar , but with vibrant characters and a great , funny , sweet plotline . If you want this book done right and without divine intervention , read Bet Me by Jennifer Crusie . You wo n't regret it .
 Seriously , this book is just convoluted and boring . I ca n't believe this is called a classic . Its terrible and the educators at certain high schools should not force this book upon kids -- it lowers their grades and intelligence .
 Best I can figure this Jane Auston womanstoll the plot of Clueless and rote a book.Too many coincidences to make me believeanything else . Why Alecia Sivlerstonedoes n't sue Jane Austin is beyond me !
 While cultural pundits try to convince you that some literature is better than other literature , the truth is that all art is relative to individial tastes . Thus , it does n't make any sense to think that a novel like this one is really any better than say , Michael Crichton or Stephen King . Aesthetic standards ca n't be grounded.Thus , do n't listen to anyone who tries to distinguish between `` serious '' works of literature like this one and allegedly `` lesser '' novels . The distinction is entirely illusory , because no novels are `` better '' than any others , and the concept of a `` great novel '' is an intellectual hoax .
 There is one principle reason that Emma is remembered . It was written by a woman . If Jane Austen had been a man , her works would be regarded as banal and inconsequential works of little literary merit . The work is impressive considering that Austen came from a culture that repressed women -LRB- a characteristic that most female authors share -RRB- , but beyond that it is a poor work.There is a profusion of works of greater literary merit by women than what Austen offers , Mary Shelly 's `` Frankenstein '' , Kate Chopin 's `` The Awakening '' , Alice Walker 's `` The Color Purple '' , `` Nectar in a Seive '' by Kamala Markandaya , or a very fine piece `` Their Eyes Were Watching God '' by Zora Neale Hurston . All of these works have better characteristics than `` Emma '' , and prove to be superior to all of Austen 's writings.Trust me , `` Emma '' is a waste .
 Having been forced to read `` Emma '' for an English Literature course , I feel that I know as much about it as anyone else , if not more so . `` Emma '' is nothing more than a trashy romance , like the rest of Jane Austen 's novels . We all know more or less what is going to happen at the end of the book - of course the hero and heroine are going to fall in love . Austen 's use of irony is not exemplary either - is there anyone who did n't realise that Frank Churchill was hiding something , if we were n't sure quite what ? Anyone who describes an Austen novel as a `` classic '' , particualy this one , needs their head examined . She is an olden days Jackie Collins , whose fancy language seems to have deluded some into believing that she is something which she certianly is not .
 First of all a good advice to all students who are condemned to read this so called ` Best ' work by Jane Austen
 I ordered this book for a class and needed a specific edition , which I ordered . I ordered it around the 18th of December or even a couple days earlier , did not receive it until January 8th , and received a completely different edition than I bought .
 This novel was boring . I could n't stay with it . The lives of the characters did not interest me.I did not enjoy Emma 's matchmaking !
 Orederd this book on June 5 , was supost to be here by the 18th . It is 6-25-12 and no book !
 When you buy a public domain book , all you really want is a well-formatted edition . This is n't it . The left margin is wider than the right margin . Kindle formatting is n't hard ; why ca n't public domain publishers get it right !
 the first chapter is a model of precision . in only nine pages , a handful of characters are introduced with masterful clarity . subtle dialouge paints a portrait of each character with a depth that many novelists never achieve over the course of hundreds of pages . jane austen 's supreme talent is shining bright . then what happens ? it goes on and on and on . and i got severely bored . i did not care about emma 's social schemes , her obssession with ones rank within society . she is simply a dull character . and the language ultimately grows tiresome . the purple prose weighed heavy on my poor brain after a hundred pages . a bit beyond page 220 i jumped ship . i simply could not finish this dull thing . sorry .
 I loved Jane Austins book Pride and Prejudice but her book Emma was no where near as good . Characters were shallow and the plot took too long to develop . I was not very satisfied .
 The book is certainly `` wordy '' if nothing else . If you can endure the lengthy comments of each character which have no effect on the `` bottom line '' , it may be fairly interesting in the personality study of the characters . I 'm skimming as much as possible in order to see what happens to each character . I have one more of her books , and if it is laborous as this one , I do n't plan to read it .
 This is a novel written a long time ago . A lot of the terms and expressions need explanations for the modern reader . This edition of the masterwork by Austen does not have footnotes at the end , nor does it have an up-to-date scholarly introduction by some University professor .
 I think this is the worst Jane Autsten book I have read . I had to force myself to finish it and was very tired of it by the end . The diologe is long and boring . I wo n't read Emma again .
 I ca n't remember the last book I disliked as much as I dislike Emma . GoodReads informs me that I have been struggling through this book since the middle of October , but in actuality this book has been haunting me for at least ten years . I bought it sometime before I went to boarding school . Though I remember starting it several times , I never made it past page 30 . As I vociferously complained about this book as I was reading it this time , both M and my mother asked me why I was reading it if I disliked it so much . I did n't really have a good answer at the time , but now I know . Leaving this book unread for so long was haunting me . I really do n't like leaving things undone , and I wanted to challenge myself as a reader . As an apprentice-writer , you are supposed to read as much as you can . If left solely to my own devices , I would mostly read YA , so Classics and Modern , Adult Lit are good for me.Usually , I like reading about Austen 's heroines . I enjoyed Pride and Prejudice . Northanger Abbey was a fun read . But Emma Woodhouse makes me want to hit people . Okay , mostly I just want to hit her . So what were my issues?In Northanger Abbey , the heroine is also fairly naive and kind of creates the problems in her life . But you know what ? She feels badly about it ! And she learns ! Emma 's excessively high opinion of herself pissed me off beyond belief , and though she feels bad for a minute or two , in another 30 pages she 'll be doing exactly whatever it was that got her into trouble last time . In fact , I do n't think she focuses too much on starting the rumor about Jane Fairfax being in love with a married man . If she even thinks about it , it was n't for very long . In fact , she focuses more on making a catty comment to Jane 's aunt -LRB- whose ridiculously chatty dialog is * painful * to read -RRB- , and that 's primarily just because Knightly chastises her for it.Which brings me to my other issue
 I 'm writing in reference to the Kindle version of this book . Since I like the book itself , I gave 2 stars ; however , this version was lacking in extras . I was seriously disappointed to find no footnotes , no introduction , no nothing . Just the book pure and simple . To top it off , there were many instances of multiple words jammedtogetherlikethis . I wish the ` sample ' had been available when I ordered it from my Kindle . I certainly would have chosen another one of the available editions .
 As much as I love Jane Austen , Emma is a horrible read . This was the only one of Austen 's books I could n't finish in college . I thought I 'd try it again a decade later and I still do n't like it -LRB- although this time I did finish reading it -RRB- . Like some of the other reviewers have stated , Emma is just not a likeable character . And unlike most of Austen 's heroines , she seems to have no redeeming qualities , making it incredibly hard to read about her for hundreds of pages.I guess one could argue that the book is well written by virtue of the fact that I despise Emma so much as a character . But I 'm not arguing Austen 's merits as a writer . I am simply stating that this book is not worth reading when there are so many other classics out there that you might actually enjoy !
 A lot of people have said that Emma is one of their favorite books but I would have to differ . This book put me to sleep every time I picked it up . It was dull and boring , this is only my opinion . I would not let this book effect and make me not want to read Jane Austen again . Since it is only one book out of many of hers . I felt this book was for a different crowd of people . Maybe I should have waited till I was older and grasped the concept more.Miss . Taylor Emma 's good friend and governess get 's married and move 's out . Emma has no clue what to do with herself . Mr. Woodhouse , Emma 's father , gets upset and thinks Miss. . Taylor now known as Mrs. Weston is making a huge mistake of leaving the family and things will never be the same without her living at the house . Emma then meets a girl named Harriet Smith , who is not as smart as Emma but she likes how she is willing to learn and listen to what she had to say . They went on daily walks around the town . Mr. Martin a very dull farmer that Emma 's brother-in-law works proposes to Harriett who has had a crush on him before Emma tried to set her up with Mr. Elton . Emma influences her to refuse the offer of marriage , so she does . This was before n and got to know each other very well.Emma thinks she can match anyone up with love , if they gave her a chance . She herself has vowed to remain single . She tries to set Harriet , up with Mr. Elton , but Mr. Elton likes Emma instead of Harriet and wants to marry her . Emma refuses and Mr. Elton leaves and gets married to some person who nobody thinks is worthy of him . When Emma finds out Mr. Elton got married she does n't want Harriet to find out since she is still hung up on him they found out Mr. Elton had married . Emma is very controlling when it comes to love , and this is one reason why I did n't like the book she aggravated me.Mrs . Weston 's stepson is coming she is nervous he wo n't like her and confides in Emma . Emma is out for a carriage ride and she gets stuck . Mr. Churchill Mr. Weston 's son comes and helps her get out , he does n't tell her who he is till after and she is amazed by how good looking he is . She is confused with hr feelings for him after that . She thinks she may be in love but she does n't feel like she is . Mr. Churchill likes a woman named Jane who is staying with Miss. . Bates , a dear friend of Emma . Emma does n't really like Jane since she always has one over her . For example at a party that was thrown they asked Emma if she would like to play the piano , when she is done Jane is asked to play the piano and everyone loved Jane 's when people only like Emma 's performance.At a picnic with Jane , Mr. Churchill , Miss. . Bates , Mr. Elton , his wife , and Mr. Knightly , Emma 's very good friend . Emma insults her friend , Miss. . Bates . Mr. Knightly tells Emma off . Emma realizes she loves Mr. Knightly but is worried he loves Harriet . They secretly have feelings for each other but neither of them do anything . Finally they do confess there feelings and they get engaged . Harriet ends up with Mr. Martin and Mr. Churchill ends up with Jane.Mrs . Weston becomes pregnant and Emma does not want anyone to know about her and Mr. Knightly 's engagement until the baby is born . Jane and Mr. Churchill are also keeping their engagement a secret.I could n't really relate to this book . I would have done a lot of things different then what she did . For starters I would not have gone and meddled into every ones love life . Its their life and people need to respect that and not mess with it . I understand she thought she was helping everyone but truth be told she was n't and it just was annoying to see how she kept going off and doing that throughout the book .
 Contrary to another review , this book is not property formatted for Kindle . Although it has a table of contents , the table of contents is not properly coded to show up when you press the menu key . When you press the menu key the Table of Contents line is grayed out and not usable . It is very simple to code a table of contents so that it is linked to the Table of Contents line in the menu , but the publisher of this edition did not do that.For an explanation of how to do this , see Kindle Formatting by Joshua Tallent.Until this is fixed , spend your buck elsewhere .
 the first chapter is a model of precision . in only nine pages , a handful of characters are introduced with masterful clarity . subtle dialouge paints a portrait of each character with a depth that many novelists never achieve over the course of hundreds of pages . jane austen 's supreme talent is shining bright . then what happens ? it goes on and on and on . and i got severely bored . i did not care about emma 's social schemes , her obssession with ones rank within society . she is simply a dull character . and the language ultimately grows tiresome . the purple prose weighed heavy on my poor brain after a hundred pages . a bit beyond page 220 i jumped ship . i simply could not finish the book . sorry .
 I bought them -LRB- all the Barnes & Noble Classics -RRB- to complete my Jane Austen 's collection , and honestly , did n't like the paper quality , it seems like they did n't even care for the presentation of them ; it did n't look elegant , cheap to be more specific .
 Please do n't misunderstand me
 the first chapter is a model of precision . in only nine pages , a handful of characters are introduced with masterful clarity . subtle dialouge paints a portrait of each character with a depth that many novelists never achieve over the course of hundreds of pages . jane austen 's supreme talent is shining bright . then what happens ? it goes on and on and on . and i got severely bored . i did not care about emma 's social schemes , her obssession with ones rank within society . she is simply a dull character . and the language ultimately grows tiresome . the purple prose weighed heavy on my poor brain after a hundred pages . a bit beyond page 220 i jumped ship . i simply could not finish this dull thing . sorry .
 Reading this novel was slow going . As a guy , I found the lack of action stultifying , and the flashes of humor were too quaint for me to derive any pleasure from them . The answer to the book 's primary riddle -- who shall Emma marry ? -- becomes obvious early on , and everything else is just a tedious pairing off until that riddle is expressly answered . There 's a bit of local and historical color , but rarely does the narrative rise above the description of , say , a summer outing . Not one of Jane Austen 's best .
 The first 2 Jane Austen books I read were Pride and Prejudice and Sense and Sensibility . Both I considered excellent books , Pride and Prejudice being my favorite . I had high hopes of Emma , considering it had been made into the modern movie `` Clueless '' . However , I have found this book very tiresome and it took me a long time to trudge my way through it . It may be the fact that I did n't like the main character as I had in the other books , but this book really went by slowly . It was n't that bad of a story and really deserves 21/2 stars instead of the given 2 stars , but thats not an option . I would still recommend people to read the book for the good plot behind slow movement and seeing this prideful heroine transformed into a more likeable person .
 Some of my friends like Jane Austen , but I really do n't understand why . I know she 's an important part of literary history because she was the first writer to use third-person narration instead of writing novels in the form of letters or diary entries , but an innovative form does not make up for bad content . I do n't think I dislike it because of the time period - I like Wuthering Heights and Jane Eyre . I do n't think I dislike it because of the everyday activities of the characters - I like L. M. Montgomery , James Herriot , and Ray Bradbury 's Dandelion Wine . It 's just boring . Emma is a whiny rich girl whose problems are on the same level as Miley Cyrus getting the wrong car for her sixteenth birthday.Emma is the only JA book I have made it all the way through . I had to read this book for a high school Lit class , otherwise I would n't have finished it . I have seen at least one movie for all of her books , though , so I know none of them are my cup of tea . Pride and Prejudice is the least aggravating . Mr. Collins , Lady Catherine , and Lydia are sort of funny I guess , but not much . The part where Lydia elopes is okay , because it is the only time in her entire career that JA makes her characters show any strong emotion . And Mr. Darcy is kind of hot in the six-hour movie , but so what.Maybe I would have liked Jane Austen if I had been introduced to her when I was thirteen . There 's nothing in Emma that pisses off the moral guardians , but at least sex and violence can be entertaining when they are n't too gratuitous , whereas shallowness and materialism ... are ... just ... boring . JA 's heroines do n't seem to think about anything other than finding rich husbands and wearing fancy dresses to the local ball.In the words of Charlotte Bronte , `` Anything like warmth or enthusiasm , anything energetic , poignant , heartfelt , is utterly out of place in commending these works
 I am quite confused on how people could like this book . For one it takes forever to get to the point . Plus how could we possibly like Emma . She is so self centered and ignorant . The only two times in which she can somewhat appeal to us is when she crys and in comparison to Mrs. Elton . This is a mockery of upper class life of the 19th century and Jane Austen , to my knowledge , lived a somewhat isolated life . How could she write a book on a topic which she does n't know about . This further mocks the upper class leaving the point of this book as being entertainment . Why put us through 500 pages of pain . I think Jane Austen was right when she said '' no one but myself will much like -LSB- Emma -RSB- . ''
 If you like a tale that 's as pretentious and stuffy as a yacht club meeting then this book is right for you .
 Emma Is a bad book , fact . The only thing that gives it any value is the quality of the writing . The book is unbelievably drawn out . I fell asleep many times whilst trying to finish this book . Do n't think that i do n't understand the plot or that or do n't appreciate good litrature . In fact i read the book twice and was forced to study it for two years . Anybody who likes this book is very sad because it is just the unremarkable section of some unremarkable people 's lives . As a result your life would have to be extremely tedious and boring for you to enjoy this waste of good paper .
 This book is extremely shallow , it has no depth or metaphorical intensity . It is basically a chick flick with big words which often make no sense . It should be classed as trashy light romance , not as classic literature . It is not a comment on society , merely a glimpse of the life of one extremely conceited and shallow woman , Emma Gayhouse . DO NOT BUY
 From the first sentence painfully spelling out Emma 's character , this book has many problems . The characterizations are awkward , the plot contrived , and the prose is so roughly handled it makes a reader queasy . Pride and Prejudice at least had a little humor in it , but `` Emma '' has no redeeming qualities . I do n't recommend spending your time on this one .
 I finally finished Emma after months -LRB- yes you heard me right -RRB- of reading . I lked this book but I did n't adore it.I think the characters were well done . My favorites were Mr. Woodhouse and his germaphobic ways ... as well as his distaste in people getting married and leaving their cozy little lives . I also liked Harriet Smith because she had a simple and almost innocent way about her ... the way she blindly followed Emma and molded the desires of her heart according to Emma 's approval . I felt a connect to Harriet in that way ... especially thinking back to high school ... the popular girls trying to get you to think a certain way and telling you would make a good boyfriend.Emma Woodhouse is a likeable character . She is a matchmaker who gives up on the hobby due to her matches never fall for each other and drama is the result . The secound half of the book is about Emma finding out her own heart.The reason I only gave two stars was because to me this was an okay read . I saw some of the new movie and the theme interested me ... so because it was free on my Kindle and because I wanted to try a sophisticated and chic lit type read ... I read it.If you can keep up with drama and who likes who ... and if you enjoy a well written novel with a long letter thrown in for the juicy details you crave ... than leave the gossip behind and stick your nose into one of Austen 's lesser known novels . As for me I prefer Dickens and anything with a bit more action .
 This was one of those books I had a hard time getting into . It just did n't captivate my interest . I did read it to the end only because I was curious about Emma and how it would end . I remember very little of it and it is a long novel . It took me 5 months to finish it . I usually finish a book in a few days once I get started . Also it was written in an Old English style and some of it I did not understand.I would only recommend it to someone who likes the Old English writing style .
 I 've always been a fan of the British actress Prunella Scales and already own some of her readings of classic novels , including Cranford which she handles delightfully.So it was a big disappointment to find that she seems to have completely misjudged her narration of Emma . One of the pleasures of a Jane Austen novel is the author 's deceptively quiet tone ; its very understatement sharpens her satire and makes her jokes even funnier . Unfortunately , Miss Scales has adopted the opposite approach , using a hopelessly inappropriate shrill , impatient voice . Given that the opening chapters are dominated by two of literature 's most tiresome characters , Emma Woodhouse and her feebleminded father , the result is unbearably irritating . I gave up after an hour , and was glad to track down a far more enjoyable reading by Juliet StevensonEmma -LRB- Classic Fiction -RRB- - by far the best Austen narrator on the market today .
 If no one else liked this book , I would be responsible for keeping it a classic . I could n't . As for the plot , I think it goes something like this -- they talk , they talk , they talk , then they shut up , and the book is over .
 I , unlike other readers , was forced to read this labouriously lengthy novel for my HSC prelimernary Related English course -LRB- fiction section -RRB- . My teacher loved it and boasted about it 's greatness . I was very disturbed because , I read it ... got through the first four chapters and went into a coma ... . BORING ! This story not only lacks any action or plot of sorts but insists on spending copious amounts of pages on meaningless blabber . I had to make a summary of the novel . It took only 1 page . My teahcer could not criticise my summary . I had covered EVERYTHING in the novel ! I found Emma to be one of the most irritating characters ever created , for those who boldly state she is the greatest ` heroine ' , I will say , Joan of Ark was a heroine , Mary mother of Jesus was a heroine , Mother Teresa was a heroine , EMMA is a pretentios , self absorbed , controling , spoilt , BORING individual and should be left in her time and not studied in ours . In Austen 's own words , `` I am going to take a heroine whom NO ONE BUT MYSELF will much LIKE . '' , Here , here !
 I bought this book because my book group had chosen it for a &#34; classic &#34; read . I ca n't imagine why anyone would waste their time and money on this book . I could barely get through the first 50 pages or so until I gave up on it . As far as I 'm concerned , the characters were worthless and their activities were pointless . Why anyone still reads Jane Austen is beyond me . If this book is an example of her writing , it is terrible ! People in my book group said her other works are better but I wo n't be reading them .
 I do like 19th Century fiction . I do like Pride and Predjudice . I know lots of people do n't like saying Classics are uninteresting . Apparantly Jane Austen said after writing this book that she had wanted to create a character that no-one would like but herself . I am the only person I know who hates Emma . I agree that the book is well written but I just do n't like Emma . Sorry if you do .
 This book is VERY poor condition . The pages are uneven and look like they were cut when the blade needed changing or sharpening or cut with too many at once.I am returning it to Amazon , the only good thing is that I bought it with Amazon , they are paying for return shipping . I have to say that I am very pleased with Amazon 's CS . I am a frequent customer and will continue to be .
 I did n't enjoy reading this in college and I decided that now I was older I would have a better appreciation for the work . I know I 'm &#34; supposed &#34; to love the classic literature of Jane Austen . I just really do n't . This is one that is better in film IMHO .
 I thought I would enjoy this book because I like the author but I had a hard time getting into it . Others may like it , it just was n't one for me .
 I am 11 and a 1/2 years old and simple love books that take place in Europe in the 1700 or 1800 's . However , this book was absolutly boring . Out of all of Austens works , which are not all to exciting themselves , this has to be the most boring and drawn out . There are long pauses of nothing but tea and long walks , and once in a while Emma will set up one of her friends . This match does not last long , however . Personaly if I were her `` friend '' Harriet , I would think myself better off without her companionship . To my knowledge Jane Austen wrote this `` little gem '' for the prince of England whom she did not exactly admire . I would n't be surprized if his did n't admire her so much after he finished reading it . If you are looking for a exciting and gripping book do not choose Emma .
 I hate it . So boring . I fell asleep at the first page . its great if youre into that old 1800s kind of speech .
 Four hundred pages of the idle rich filling up their vain and empty lives by meddling in other people 's affairs while exchanging gossip and pointless drivel about their relative social standing , followed by one hundred pages of an embarrassingly bad romance novel , plus one very annoying character -LRB- Emma 's father -RRB- who clearly has undiagnosed Asperger 's syndrome . I wanted to slap everyone in the book . The only happy ending for this book would have been for all the characters to lose all their money and have to get jobs and actually do something for a living . Yes , I understand the points that Austen was trying to make about social mores etc. , but those points were clearly made within the first 20 pages ; the remaining 480 were superfluous . I wanted to rate this book higher by saying that `` although the characters and plot are insipid , annoying , and boring , the writing was wonderful , '' but I ca n't , because Austen 's writing is almost as annoying as her plot .
 I endured through the entire audiobook because I finish what I start but this book had very little interest for me . First I think it 's a chick book , one that women would find more interesting , second it 's about a spoiled brat that thinks herself the world , with which most readers will not sympathize . Maybe the book was great in the time when it was published , but the style does not suit me for these reasons . The setting was not interesting for me
 After reading Emma by Jane Austin I am very much considering not reading another book by Jane Austen.I was very dissapoited with the book . I am new to readint `` the classics '' and after looking at several `` classic '' reading lists found this book to be on several . I decided to read the book and even completed it against my better judgement . I found the book extremely boring and would not recomend it to anyone outside of maybe teenage girls .
 I really tried to continue with this book thinking it would improve , however a third of the way through I finally gave up . It failed to keep my interest & I felt it was a thorough waste of my time .
 I 'm an older guy with a Ph.D. in English . For the last month or so , I 've been trying to read `` Emma , '' and I believe I lack only 50 pages . I 'm determined to finish . Actually , I started reading it about a year ago . If I can suffer through 10 pages a day , I think I 'm doing well . I plan some type of celebration once I 'm done.One of my graduate students used the word `` tedious '' to describe Jane Austen . I agree 100 % . Sometimes you must read a sentence a dozen times ; then , maybe , you have an inkling of what Ms. Austen is trying to say . Maybe not . She simply goes on and on and on.Personally , it 's novels like `` Emma '' -LRB- or any other novel by the outdated Ms. Austen -RRB- that turn kids against literature . When I was in the 10th grade , we had to read `` Silas Marner , '' a totally painful experience . I reread it years later , thinking maybe I had misjudged it as a teen . I had . It was even more painful.i 'm really thinking about beginning a Website , `` Real Men Do n't Read Jane Austen . '' But that 's sexist , is n't it ? I can only hear Ms. Austin responding , `` Do you mean to say if real men do n't read me , unreal men do ? What 's an unreal man ? Are there both real men and unreal men in the world ? Is ` unreal ' the opposite of ` real ' ? But what 's ` real ' ? Is it the opposite of ` unreal ' ? Oh , my . My my . What 's ` real ' ? What 's ` unreal ' ? Oh my fur and whiskers ! ''
 This novel takes forever to get to the point of the story . I could n't even finish it ! Try PRIDE AND PREJUDICE instead - at least it has a plot . Speaking of which , I could n't understand the plot of EMMA , if there even was one . Try another Austen book .
 Emma is twenty years old , living in the countryside of Victorian England . Her father is a wealthy hypochondriac , constantly worried about his own health or the health of others . He dotes on Emma and can see no wrong in anything she does . Emma 's mother died when she was a small child , and her older sister married and moved away some years ago . This leaves her as the mistress of her estate , with much leisure time to interact with her socially acceptable neighbors and to try her hand at matchmaking.At first Emma 's schemes seem to be going well . She decides that her new friend Harriet , although not of the same social level as Emma , would be perfect for Mr. Elton , a well-connected neighbor . Everything seems to be as Emma had hoped ... . until it all falls apart in misunderstanding and hurt feelings.Emma is stubborn , though , and refuses to give up even when things among her social circle get more and more confused . Will she be a successful matchmaker ? Will she decide to give up her determination never to get married?I found the characters in this novel very dull and shallow . I did n't find Emma at all appealing , nor did I like any of the other characters in this book . Some of the writing is beautiful and it was interesting to get a glimpse into what life was like at this time , but I found the plot utterly predictable and was a bit frustrated that it took so long for all of the mistakes to sort themselves out .
 I absolutely loved Pride and Prejudice , and Sense and Sensibility , but I found Emma to be pretty boring . It 's not that I did n't like the story - I did , but it was such a tedious thing to read . Anyone who read this book before Austen 's others would be turned off . I would not recommend it .
 The name of the publisher should have clued me in to the fact that this edition is only an imitation of a real children 's book . Perkins ' original book was charmingly illustrated ; this has no illustrations at all . This is disorienting as well as disappointing , since even the first line of the text refers to an illustration . The lack of illustrations greatly reduces its appeal to younger children . The edition is flimsily bound , and closely resembles a manual that might come with your new Kenmore washer .
 I ordered The Dutch Twins by Tredition Classics and The Japanese Twins by Yesterday 's Classics . There is a huge difference , and I should have heeded the warning of one reviewer about the lack of illustrations . The Tredition Classics version , whose cover looks like the one displayed here , has none of the charming illustrations I loved as a child . It does n't even start each chapter on a new page . It 's all run together and very poorly made . The little `` take a look inside the book '' link is completely deceptive . The `` look '' shows the illustrations and something akin to the original fonts . That is NOT what I received.On the other hand , the `` Yesterday 's Classics '' version that I ordered of The Japanese Twins is very nice . While I 've been looking for copies of the old out-of-print books , some of them are really collector 's items now and out of my price range . This reprint includes the illustrations and looks very similar to the originals . I 'll look for a copy of The Dutch Twins from Yesterday 's Classics , since I am returning the one by Tredition Classics.Unfortunately , it 's sometimes hard to tell which you are ordering . This description -LRB- for which I 'm submitting the review -RRB- has the label `` Tredition Classics '' in small print if you look closely at the white line across the middle of the cover , so it is exactly like the one I received . -LRB- It is neither Indy Publishing nor Bluewater Publications , to which other reviewers refer . -RRB-
 I have not recieve it yet.It have been 30 days and i have not recieve it yet.I dont know what to do
 I do n't recommend this book due to many incorrect observations and information noted in the chapters . I was very surprised that this book was recommended by other readers because there were many mistakes and errors in the book . Some important topics were discussed incorrectly and others were too brief . To find out and confirm this I gave this book to several local real estate contractors and they pointed out many other errors in this book that even I was unaware of . They explained to me how many things discussed in the book were outdated or not relevant .
 The only time I would write a negative review if I think a book has been over rated . This book is definitely over rated . My husband and I are real estate investors and continually read books to improve our profits . We both felt this book was too basic and we did not get helpful information . We go to monthly meetings for investors in our county and this is one of the books on the `` do n't buy '' list on our bulletin board !
 There are incorrect items written about in a number of the topics discussed in this book . When you buy a book you want to know you paid for correct advice and information . Some items were helpful but I wonder how many other issues are wrong that I did n't check into further .
 Due to inaccurate information in this book , I agree with some of the other book reviewers that this book is on unstable ground . Why buy a book about home inspections if you have to get other books to find out the correct information ? After reading this book I too found that many topics discussed were inaccurate and therefore unreliable . I too regret purchasing the book .
 I have been a home inspector for many years and can tell you that the advice and other information in this book is old and was published 10 years ago . There are many items mentioned in the book that are incorrect either because they are outdated or just plain wrong ! I often read home inspection books since I 'm in the business and this one was very over rated and I would not recommend it to any of my clients .
 Some information in this book is good , however much appears on `` shaky '' ground . A few items are not accurate . I regret purchasing the book .
 There are a lot of areas that home inspectors need to know that are not mentioned . If you know nothing about inspections then you could learn a few pointers from this book . If you have some knowledge already then there are other books that would be a much better choice than this one . Some areas in the book were wrong . I would read the other books in this field before buying this one .
 If you are looking for a book that will teach you a lot about real estate and home inspections then this is not the book for you . The chapter information and text content of this book was very basic and did not teach me anything I did n't already learn from other books that were much better . Inspecting homes is something I have done for many years and I would not recommend this book to any customers or contractors . If you know absolutely nothing about real estate then you might learn a few things but not too much .
 We have a home inspection business and I read many books on real estate topics . This book was OK but certainly not worth recommending to our inspection clients . Some of the topics discussed are irrelevant to home inspections - such as mold ! There were many topics lacking in the amount of information the author provided . Maybe if you do n't know anything about houses or construction you might learn a little bit from this book . If you have a novice level of knowledge about house inspections then you should buy a different book since this book wo n't teach you anything new .
 This whole series is useless . Each of the books has words that are translated incorrectly , and/or are plain poor choices -LRB- such as selecting items that have different regional names in different Spanish-speaking countries -RRB- . For example , in this book , `` Salamander '' is translated as `` Lagartija '' . Really ? The Spanish word for Salamander is `` Salamandra '' -LRB- `` lagartija '' means lizard - which is a reptile - while salamanders are amphibians - totally different groups of animals -RRB- . In addition , often there is no gender correspondence between the translation and the selected object . For example , the number `` one '' is translated as `` uno '' -LRB- which is correct -RRB- . But then , she chooses a word that is feminine -LRB- `` La Lagartija '' , making it `` UNA lagartija '' -RRB- . Given that there are thousands and thousands of words in Spanish , why not choose one where both instances of the translation match ? Especially since there is no explanation on how nouns in Spanish are associated with a gender -LRB- unlike English , where most words are gender neutral -RRB- . In the back cover of all this collection , the word `` collect '' is translated as `` recolecta '' , which would be equivalent to `` gather '' . The correct word would be `` colecciona '' . In a book that has about 10 words total , and designed to teach a foreign language , these errors are unforgivable .
 I bought this book for my nephew , and read it to him one night while babysitting.We were through nine pages when he told me to stop.In his words , this story is `` dumber than Teletubbies . `` I did some research on the author and I found some wonderful photographs he made.Writing does n't seem to be his best talent . I would n't buy this book to use as a coaster . I would use some of his photos , though .
 I purchased this relatively unknown book due , in part , to the positive reviews . I was misled . As an avid reader , this book was underdeveloped and poorly written . The numerous typos are distracting and the characters lack depth . I forced myself to read the book , hoping it would improve but it did not . Save your money do not buy this book or anything by this author .
 The plot is original and refreshing , but the story is written in a bland , Disney way . The author tries to put in twists and turns in the plot , but it was all very predictable . She tried to define the character 's personlities , but waht should be done in a subtle , quiet way had to basicaly be written down in bold faced ink . The plot centers too much around Firepaw , and I found it annoying that he was glorified above all the other apprentices . He also seemed to be the only one able to see certain betrayels , and he was always the glorious leader , disobeying rules and being portrayed as a hero , much like Harry Potter.I was hoping that the underdogs -LRB- Graypaw , Whitestorm , BLuestar , Ravenpaw , Yellowfang , etc. -RRB- would get some of the spotlight and credit in this book , but as I said the story is very Disney-like . The hero is a handsome thinker and rule-bender who wins the heart of a pretty female blah blah blah . The book shows a black and white portrayel of good and evil , and we all know it is not like that at all . Books that show the good guys ' and bad guys ' motives , allowing you a deeper understanding of the book and the world , is what I wanted , and I was grossly disapointed . The characters were not feline either , they took on many human traits ... they just did n't act like cats . Anyone who has read David-Clement Davies or Richard Adams will not enjoy this book . I think that either one of these authors could have done so much more with this plot and the characters ' developement ... the black and white portrayal in this book is a bog turn off for me .
 It 's great for kids 9 + it has a great moments in it . If you like cats u will love this book
 In full disclosure , I have not read more than a few pages here and there in any of the Warriors books . My 8 year old daughter absolutely loves them , but what little I have read when reading with her is just gawd-awful . Thank goodness she can read these by herself . I find it hard to believe the spectacular ratings these books have received here . I found the writing to be almost unbearable . The author uses the same few adjectives , verbs and adverbs over and over again , and she seems incapable of writing a sentence that does not contain the repetitive names of two or more cats . Has she never heard of pronouns ? Maybe the story is compelling , I would n't know , but no story could be compelling enough to make me wade through this horrible writing . True , the target audience of these books is very young , but writing for a third-grader does not mean one has to write LIKE a third-grader .
 lots of hype and a lot of marketers on my favorite boards telling me to run out and buy ... . Stupid me i did . It 's some of the worst most juvinile writing ever . I 'm 12 and I could nt stomach none of it .
 A friend recommended me this book because I was a dog lover and she was a cat lover ... . There are many reasons why this book was terrible , but i 'll only say 3 . 1
 I picked this book up for my son , age 7 , who likes cats . I was thinking that we could read it together . I started reading the book on my own to see what it was like . This book is NOT for young children . I do n't want to have to explain to my son what at `` Cutter '' is and why cat 's would be afraid of it . I do n't think that young children should be hearing about the pleasure that cats -LRB- or any animals -RRB- get from a fresh kill . Those just are n't the types of things I want to introduce to him at his age . This book should really be targetted for older children -LRB- teenagers -RRB- , not young readers . Besides the issue of the target audience , I do feel the writer does capture the feelings of cats as best as a human can capture an animals `` feelings '' , but I also think that the writing is not particularly polished or engaging . I would not recommend this book .
 I got this from my friends Nook.People make up a cat -LRB- Warriors -RRB- name.If there is a clan that has a spot you want just go to the book that the leader choses and teel the leader your cats name and what u want to be.Leaders have to do 4 things .1 . tell me the cats name you are .2 . tell me what book your camp is .3 . tell me when u get get a new cat and what they are .4 . look at your messages every day.I will telyou what happens to your clan . I am Jacksonstar of aleinclan and this book is my camp .
 not very very very very very very very very very very very good . I was very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very disappointed with the quality of this book .
 Warriors seemed to be very popular and it got five stars so I bought it for my Kindle . I was disapointed though when I found that the book was simply about cats mauling each other to death . I was hardly able to finish the book and I will not be able to continue the series
 I found this book to be too simple . Perhaps children would like it -LRB- I myself love animals -RRB- , but it was n't thought-provoking enough.The characters ' names somehow bothered/annoyed me . I liked the idea of cats running about in clans , but I simply did not like their society , their family itself.Erin Hunter has a tendency to include far too many characters . The first Warriors book I picked up had an entire list of characters . A sort of dramatis personae -LRB- or felidae -RRB- . Cats upon cats . Is it really so necessary to throw in so many characters ?
 My son in 10 years old and I always read book reviews before I invest time and money into a book . The reviews for this series were great and I thought the story would be appealing to little boys.I always read to my son before bed , and as a parent some books I ca n't wait to read the next night , and some you dread . I really could not enjoy this book . Not a great story line . Too many characters with long names that sound exactly alike . I can not keep all those cats straight . My son was n't very excited to read it after the 4th chapter . Not a winner for us .
 I read this book because a friend recommended it to me , but I was sorely disappointed.As far as originality goes , this book is sub par . When I was reading Warriors I was reminded of another epic cat story , Tailchaser 's Song ; but everything in Warriors seemed merely a poor copy compared to that book . In Tailchaser 's Song the cats are beautifully crafted and fantastic while still keeping the mannerisms and solitude of the cats you know . In Warriors the cats are more reminiscent of the creatures from Redwall with their colonies and social structure.Even the plot of Warriors seems inadequate . The characters are very 2 dimensional and stereotyped , and the climax of the story is very small . The author styled the climax so that it was the conclusion of a minor conflict in the plot , while the major conflicts were left unanswered . I am reminded of easy-reading children 's books that have little to no climax.Warriors is a rather short book , so I am wondering why the author did n't combine several books in the series and thereby avoid the unforgivable plot mistake of leaving loose ends untied . Of course , Warriors is a low reading level book , so the author probably wanted it to be small in order to not scare away anyone shy of reading.However , I am suspicious that the author chopped the plot into pieces so the readers would have to buy more books than their money 's worth to get any closure.If you like small books , or children 's books then Warriors is the book for you.But if you are a reader with a voracious Tolkein-sized appetite , you might find better entertainment elsewhere .
 Sorry . I could n't finish this story . I really tried . I like cats , and I like good writing , but I just could n't get into this one . Maybe it 's the confusing names of the cats . Or maybe it 's the over-the-top representation of feral cats ' behavior . Or maybe I just am too old to get this concept . Whatever the problem is , I just ca n't recommend this book . But if it 's free , try it . You can always delete it .
 With the Warriors fanbase growing larger and larger , I figured I 'd give the first book a try . I wanted to like it , but something about it just did n't hit the mark for me.First of all , the characters blatantly annoyed me . The main character , Firepaw , was particuarly grating . I 'm not sure if you 're familiar with the title `` Gary-Stu '' but it means a character who is beyond flaw , who is handsome , quick-witted , and rarely gets in trouble for breaking the rules . These are a few qualities I noticed in Firepaw that made him truly unlikeable for me . The scene where he bravely attacks the cat taunting him for his `` kittypet '' background and rips off his collar was enough to make me actually giggle.Another complaint I have about the characters is that they seemed like cardboard cut outs , with the same stilted way of talking -LRB- `` Look , young apprentice . A sprout . Newleaf will be here in but a moon , and then freshkill will be running well again . '' not a direct quote , but you get the idea -RRB- and not much personality except for the idea that they have a name and some color of `` pelt '' . The plot left much to be desired , too . The author was killing off characters faster than she could introduce them ! Shortly after Firepaw is accepted into Thunderclan , we learn that Greypaw 's mentor , Redtail , has been killed in a battle . Overload of information ? We barely know who Grewpaw is , let alone his mentor . We ca n't really be expected to mourn over his death , can we , after just learning his name . I found that for most of the book , knowledge was being shoved down my throat quicker than I could digest it . Thank goodness for the handy character key in the beginning of the book , or I might not be able to keep those swarms of characters straight in my head ! -LRB- I hope you note the sarcasm . -RRB- This is where the lack of distinct personalities really comes into play
 I like the idea , but the book series seems like it go 's on forever.out of all the series Erin Hunter has the first book of the warriors would , be the best . if your looking for a good book to read maybe read the first book -LRB- if you really love cats , which i do :-RRB- -RRB- but i also love these books
 I think Cirque Du Freak Vampire Mountain is ok . There 's not that much action at all but the author gives good descriptive words . I think this book is just preparing for the next book . This is the 4th book in the series and it leaves you waiting for the next one .
 This book is the worst book in the Saga so far . There is none of the action and confrontations that were in the first 3 books and in the next 3 . Darren journeys to Vampire Mountain with Mr. Crepsley , some wolves , Little People , and an old friend . The only good part of this book was the fight with the bear -LRB- I will say no more -RRB- . If you 're into this series , you must read this book to keep up , but if not STAY AWAY !!!
 I have read all of the books in the series up to this point . Their short and pleasant , so I might keep up with them even if they are written a bit sloppily . I 'm just a bit weiry of them at this point . Just about nothing ever actually happen everything is spoken of . Basically , the book plays out like this : Darren
 Half-vampire Darren Shan , Mr. Crepsley and three of Mr. Tiny 's Little People leave the Cirque Du Freak . They journey to the Vampire Mountain . Gavner Paul , a friend Mr. Crepsley also travels with them . One of the little people reveals his real name as , Harkat Mulds , and he has a message to deliver from Mr. Tiny to the Vampire Princes.Many dangers confront them on their way . The purple-skinned Vampaneze are close by.The Vampire Mountain is a network of tunnels and caves where the vampires live . Darren makes friends with several of the other vampires.The Princes and Generals were n't impressed with Darren . They thought he was too young . Now Darren must prove himself to them.I found the fourth book in the series to be boring and not enough action .
 When I read that Hollinghurst had a new book out , and a prize-winner at that , I was really looking forward to reading it . I requested it from my public library and had to wait a couple of months for it to become available . After part 1 , pg . 160 -LRB- Nick 's first `` love '' affair -RRB- , the book was due back , and I gladly returned it . Read the other 1-star reviews , and I TOTALLY agree with those in-depth reviews.I found it impossible to `` relate '' to and/or care about ANY of the characters in this book -- two important criteria for a `` good '' book -- in my opinion .
 I really do n't hate gay people or rich people but stupid people who have no real contributions to make to society but the means to do it do irritate me especailly when all they can talk about is pot , booze and who did it to whom . Fortunately the people I know in real life who are gay -LRB- or not -RRB- rich -LRB- or not -RRB- and British citizens -LRB- or not -RRB- are nothing like that . For book category I wanted to put `` Unreadable '' . I do n't how they judge what is worthy of a Booker Prize . First there was too much information . The first 40 odd pages give a DETAILED account of a gay many losing his virginity in a park with a man he had only met.The next few pages were bland ramblings of upper crust Brits talking about nothing . The conversations had no substance to them , the inside of the mind of the leading character was about keeping his place as a leech on these people and constant musings of a boy-crazy mind . After a while , I just got tired of him and his little world . Lately I 've read or at least started to read books about rich people or wannabe rich young people whose sole aim in life is to party , get drunk , be disgusting and think about their own ID idotic lives mostly in London and some in New York . If I did n't know any better it would make me want to avoid these places so I do n't have to accidentally meet these type of people . With all that 's going on the world , reading about these infantile self-absorbed people seems like a waste of time . I can read for pleasure but I want the story to be about SOMETHING or funny or anything . I understand the end was better and had a current issue in it but I just could n't force myself to trudge through all the insubstantial and adolescent shock-for effect pages to get there .
 Did not care for this book . It was a struggle to get to the last 100 pages which read somewhat more interesting but was not worth it . Do n't waste your time , you never care for the characters , nor did I want to get to know them .
 I agree with a previous critic that this is one of the worst books ever to win the Booker . I hated it so much - its obsession with people of no consequence and the belief that it was ` recording ' something important . It is crass and banal . Awful . Do n't get me started on its attempt to be shocking !
 One of the worst books I have ever read . A perversion of an unquestionably great talent -LRB- and I do n't mean the sex -RRB- . The worst thing in art is using talent to send out a message that is without hope.There is a lot of very explicit sex in this book . No problem with that . The problem is that none of these mostly very unlikeable people learns anything , grows as a person , shows any degree of integrity or finer human qualities . They show the worst side of humanity , something worth looking at , but without a spark of hope for something better , it is just a collosal bummer.True art uplifts , inspires , enlightens . It makes us face up to the worst of ourselves and ultimately makes us glad to be human .
 I picked this book at random , off the shelves of a hotel we were staying in . I 'd never heard of the author or the book but thought it must be good , or at least well-written , if it won the Booker Prize . In fact , I did nearly gave it five stars for sheer entertainment value because , after I 'd read quite a bit of it , me and my partner took it in turns to read aloud random passages , which I assure anyone reading this , you 'll find utterly hilarious if you do the same . However , in the spirit of being honest on Amazon , I 'm actually giving it no stars because , trust me , all the humour in this book is of the unintentional variety.This story reads as if it was written by someone with no personality of their own , just a lot of unexpressed mundane thoughts about the world which he 's now using the excuse of a novel to finally express , unfortunately . There are endless descriptions of how a character thinks he might react to something that 's just been said , but decides not to , and why he decides not to , and how his non-reaction might affect the speaker differently to how he 'd be affected if he had actually said what he nearly said but did n't . All of which would n't be so bad if the things people think but do n't say - or even what they do eventually get round to saying - were actually interesting . But they 're not . If you want an example , check out the chapter that starts with a group of men in a restaurant discussing the ` pansy salad ' . Which - what imagination ! - turns out to be a euphemism for trying out homosexuality ; also , one of them refers to a ` butch lettuce ' , and another says everyone should try it at least once - the pansy salad , that is , wink wink , nudge nudge . Now , this may well be an actual conversation the author had with his pals but if so , then he needs ask himself what anyone sitting next to his table would have thought if they 'd overheard it -LRB- clue
 One wishing to learn about racism in the gay community would do well by reading the collected novels of Mr. Hollinghurst . The graphically brutal rape of the white protagonist by the black cook near the end of The Swimming Pool Library is disturbing ; but no less so than Hollinghurst 's gratituous use of racial slurs and the stereotypical depiction of the `` black '' council clerk , Leo , in this contemporary `` masterpiece '' . Not my cup of tea .
 Do n't waste your money . Boring and needlessly graphic gay sex.Totally unsympathetic characters .
 WAY TO MANY EXPLICIT GAY LOVE SCENES IN FAIRNESS I DO NOT LIKE TO READ EXPLICIT SEX AND THIS WAS X RATED
 Then this book is n't for you . I gave it an extra star because it really is well-written but , my God , how boring ! I 'll never understand why books like this win prizes . I finished the book with a hope and a prayer that something would happen . Please someone get killed or pregnant or arrested or something ! The only time things actually moved along were the last 30 pages . It seemed liked it was about the family throwing jabs at each other and everyone else . The family on vacation ; the father running for office ; the daughter and her manic-depression . I was constantly wondering `` what did they mean by that ? '' . Since the book is set in London and the author is a Brit . there were references and some slang that I simply could not understand being an American . I might even try to rent the movie -- maybe that was more interesting?I do n't see myself going out and trying to find another Hollinghurst novel .
 With more than 100 other reviews on this novel so far there 's not a lot to add , I suppose , other than I did surprise myself by managing to reach the end . Everyone in this novel is a superficial and boring egotist , there is no plot , no character development , no interesting dialogue , no drama , no conflict , nothing even remotely surprising . Everyone fits into the stereotyped perception of British class society with absolutely nothing interesting to say about absolutely anything . Who finds delight in reading about such non-people ? Who thinks such a non-story deserves the Booker Price ? The terrible truth must be
 I had such high hopes for this book - nominated for all those prizes ! If you 're looking for gay fiction then this book is for you . It should be sold with the porn magazines - the first 100 pages ramble on and on about gay sex - but never get to a storyline . I tried to endure . I kept hoping there was a story ! I grew up in Britain and thought this sounded like a great perspective on the Iron Lady -LRB- Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher -RRB- and 80 's Britain . But it 's just about a guy trying to fit in with a bunch of snobbish upper class twits ! Oh yes , and there 's lots of gay sex .
 I thought I would really enjoy this book as it takes places in a neighborhood of London in which I lived many years ago . But the characters are perhaps the most uninteresting I have ever encountered in a novel and their precious dialogue is beyond boring . The only reason I give it 2 stars is because there is a lot of good writing in this book - but to no purpose . Highly unrecommended .
 Read the book on a transatlantic flight and afterwards , but found it rather tedious . As a portrait of a chattering society , Proust did unmeasurably better and we do n't need any more of that . As to the main character , Ripley -LRB- Highsmith -RRB- comes to my mind and he was a much more interesting character than Nick . And as a piece of political satire , it is also not very exciting or revealing . Whether it is a profound portrayal of gay life , I can not judge . The book just did not engage me on any of these levels , and as a Booker winner it is quite disappointing .
 The writing is very good , but the true and simple test of a novel is to ask oneself these questions
 I looked forward to this book with anticipation . But I soon found myself bored beyond belief . I defy anyone to give a damn about the characters and the plot -LRB- if there is one -RRB- is interminably slow to develop . I gave this 80 pages before I gave up in disgust and threw the book into the recycle bin ... Unless you have nothing but time to kill , do yourself a favor and pass this book by .
 There is little redeeming in this unbearably boring and overly drawn out book . The mystery is how it was preferred by the judges over the astonishing Cloud Atlas or even the blackly hilarious I 'll Sleep Till Noon for the Booker . Dull and sleep inducing ...
 I was disappointed by this book . By the end of the book I still had not developed any real feeling for any of the characters . It 's an awful lot of slogging through boring upperclass British nattering , punctuated by somewhat startling little bursts of graphic sex . It was an odd juxtaposition . However , if you 're keen on fairly hot gay sex scenes , this book 's for you ! Nick Guest , the main character , is not terribly interesting and I was sorry to have spent so much time in his company . I 'm just glad I read quickly because I 'd be mad if I invested any more than a few days ' worth of subway rides on this .
 I could n't finish this book . This book is not for me . I plodded through descriptions after descriptions of flowers , mansions , people 's dresses , and parks in which anonymous sex takes place . I do n't feel any story that ties the book together . I skipped to the ending and saw the ravages of AIDS on Nick , the main character , and people around him .
 I found reading the book very tedious . He takes chapters to say very little . I had to read the book for a book club , or I would n't have finished it .
 Perhaps I will be accused of owning tickets to `` Short Attention-Span Theatre , '' but my best efforts to plow through this lush but frank effort were all for naught . Hollinghurst , as advertised , possesses a wondrous facility for words ; even the most mundane acts are described with a fluent accuracy that the reader is inclined , often , to exclaim , `` yes , that 's it . He said it perfectly ! '' Nevertheless , lovely writing does not a compelling novel make , and that , combined with a penchant for a relentless gay-dominated , `` where 's my next man ? '' theme , simply left me at the station . Others may choose to take this ride , especially if first chapter anal male sex is your metier , but even this tolerant reader was looking for more than the constant longing found in Nick 's loins . Fine writing can be found elsewhere in countless more compelling efforts .
 It is an undramatic visage of what should be a dramatic era of Margaret Thatcher . An example paragraph of the endless descriptions that mar the book -LRB- if i 'm breaking copyrights laws , let me know -RRB- : Nick was n't sure how it started . Sam Zeman was laughing so much he lay back on the floor , but then choked and had to sit up . One of the girls pointed at him mockingly , but it was n't mockery , she was laughing uncontrollably herself . Nat was red in the face , pinching the tears out of his eyes and pulling down the corners of his mouth to try to stop it . Nick could only stop giggling by glaring at the floor , and as soon as he looked up he was giggling again convulsively , it was like hiccups , it was hiccups , all mixed up together with the whooping , inexplicable funniness of the brandy bottle , the Renoir lady , the gilded plaster crown above the bed , all of them with their ideas and bow ties and plans and objections .
 Are there really still upper class English twits around with names like Toby who get wear dinner jackets , live in posh parts of London , smoke cigars and drink port after dinner , or have I missed the point and stumbled into an attempt to parody Evelyn Waugh?And do scenes like this still occur at parties
 As a reader , I was overjoyed to hear about Hollinghurst 's new book , The Line of Beauty , especially after savoring his last three novels . But from the moment I met Nick Guest -LRB- how droll to name him after Nick Carraway -RRB- , I disliked him , the world the author created , and everything about this book . Okay , so it 's a look into an England of old , full of cocaine , fast cars , the superficiality of a world twenty years gone . But who cares ? It 's been done before and done much better . As satire -LRB- which I do n't think it is because its tone is far too precious -RRB- , it fails and as a strict , traditional novel , it 's a bore . Come on , people ! There are a hundred better books out there written on the subject of beauty and loss
 I must admit I 've never reviewed a book mid-way before . I just had to pause and relate my experience with this for a moment . I 'm finding it quite tedious . Perhaps it 's simply over my head , as a wholly American girl , but a lot of the themes and references are British through and through . The same sense of dry humor and caustic wit that is typical of English theater is clearly evident here . There is no doubt that it is well written , but I simply have n't yet fallen in love with the characters . Nor have I any idea what the plot actually IS yet . In the first few chapters , we are treated with an explicit gay sex scene . If this is not your cup of tea , then definitely do n't buy this book . Oddly , I found this part to be interesting ... maybe it 's because it 's a world with which I am decidedly unfamiliar . I plan to wade through the rest of it , and I hope that it picks up . I 'll update my review at that time .
 i liken this book to fitzgerald 's `` tender is the night . '' and that is not a good thing . people of no substance plod through hundreds of dull dull pages . are people really this shallow ? this empty ? probably . but , my god , do i have to read about them ? no . i do not . i simply could not finish this book -LRB- and that is rare -RRB- . i wasted valuble reading time for about 300 pages , then had to admit it just was n't working . because of all the critical acclaim this book recieved , i was very much looking forward to reading it . what a major disappointment ! i am truly puzzled by the positive response this thing gets from so many people . great writing ? really ? i just did not see much of that here . should n't a book have at least one interesting character in it ? it seems that dullness is making a comback in critical circles these days . too bad .
 After finally finishing this book , I am very surprised that it won a prize . The first several hundred pages have the main character -LRB- Nick Guest -RRB- doing little more than having sex , fantasizing about having sex with every other male character -LRB- major or minor -RRB- , or wondering if anyone else can guess that he 's fantasizing about sex.Perhaps it would be a better read for someone British , because I found it hard to appreciate the depiction of life in the British aristocracy . The character development felt very heavy-handed and repetitive , as one scene after another depicted Nick feeling embarrassed or trying to figure out how to handle a social situation.The end of the book was much more rewarding , as the web of characters unravelled and their pretensions were stripped away . I also enjoyed some clever Henry James references . Still , I do n't think the investment it takes to slog through the beginning is worth it overall .
 I did n't buy my copy off amazon but at the Pan bookshop in the Fulham road where I got an autographed first edition . It 'll have good re-sale value . That 's the best I can say about it . Alan Hollinghurst has already proven that he can write , but I was expecting something with alot more depth to it than this . Especially as the Booker judges had rewarded him for it . If you think the BBC adaptation was just giving you a taste of what you 'll find in the novel , then you 'll be disappointed as there is not much more to the book than was put on screen.Nick Guest , the novel 's central protagonist , moves to London to work at UCL and accepts accomodation from the family of his friend Toby Fedden . Despite Nick and Toby being such good friends Nick has never been to Toby 's family home before the novel starts . Nick has a brief relationship with Leo Charles . Leo Charles introduces Nick to a friend of his , Pete , who owned an antique shop and this plot strand ends abruptly as though it was a half thought out idea . I was hoping Leo 's family and friends would be drawn more vividly to get us out of the claustrophobia and boredome of the Fedden family home . There 's the crux of it . The characters , and what they do here are very boring . It 's very dull.There is a narrowness to the London that Alan depicts . Here he rarely leaves the Fedden 's place in Notting Hill , and the variety and changing social status of that area during the period is not described . I know from reading ` The Swimming Pool Library 's innacurate description of walking from Mile End to St.Anne 's Limehouse that Mr.Hollinghurst 's knowledge of London is sketchy at best -LRB- he 'd get lost east of the City without a guide , and he probably does n't realise that south of the river is inhabited -RRB- but it is irksome to read a novel set in a city you know well and finding it so poorly represented . You need to get out more , Alan . Try again .
 In 1988 , British gay novelist Alan Hollinghurst made a striking debut with `` The Swimming Pool Library . '' Set in the Darwinian landscape of pre-AIDS homo London , the writing was beautiful and urgent , flaring at times to real poetry , while the characters exerted the pull of infatuation . I reached the end of that book resenting the forced separation and wanting to hang out with the whole lot for a lot longer.Since then , each subsequent Hollinghurst novel has been more disappointing than the last . In the latest , `` The Line of Beauty , '' his literary go-cart has come nearly to a halt . The writing is still elegant , studded with memorable turns , but the story is utterly without consequence , ditto the characters . Is Hollinghurst writing or doing his nails ? Verdict
 I enjoyed and was deeply impressed by his other books , especially the first two . He 's not afraid of depth of character or complexity or humor . So what went wrong here ? It 's well written , line my line , but I did n't care a hoot about any of the characters . Good writers know that even if you 're creating a shallow character and and even a shallow era he or she should be interesting , have edges , etc. . The set-piece
 This book wins my award for the most unreadable novel ever written
 Fawning over wealth , power , their symbols and the beautiful people does not make a satire . If I wanted to know about the contents of a wealthy family 's house I would prefer to look at Architectural Digest or some other glossy of the rich . -LSB- ... -RSB- The difference is significant . His characters are men who have sex with men and they seem amazed by the behavior of straight folks . But they wholeheartedly support the status quo . They know how to be excruciatingly polite and cultured but they never let real feeling get in the way of grand pretensions.Hollinghust 's `` satire '' of the ruling class recalls a story of a minister who abhorred pornography so much that he had to see every variety so he could protest them all . Right .
 Although there is useful information in this book , I was disappointed in it . For a book about boys , it reads entirely too much like a book about coping with a chomosome abnormality -- the abnormality being the Y chromosome . Her general thesis is that the Y chomosome causes boys to develop more slowly and to be more succeptible to many other problems . Her approach to the discussion is very biologically deterministic . I found the 1 chapter on little boys in RAISING CAIN much more useful to understanding what my 4-year-old son is going through than this whole book . She is a strong believer in holdling boys back a year from Kindergarten . If you are looking for arguments for keeping your son back , this book may be what you are looking for . The publisher claims that this is the only book of its type , focusing on the parenting of young boys . That appears to be the case , which is a shame .
 Try reading Dr. James Dobson 's Bringing up Boys . A GREAT book about how to raise boys!Yes , it is fantastic to understand what makes boys who they are . That is a key component to parenting a boy -LRB- understanding what it means to be a boy -RRB- , but let 's also celebrate boys and raise them to be men.Boys and girls certainly are different and I appreciate that this book acknowledges and addresses this , but there are other books -LRB- Dr. James Dobson 's Bringing up Boys -RRB- that create a better balance in understanding -LRB- and appreciating -RRB- the nature of boys and loving discipline.Let us not punish a boy for being a boy -LRB- or for being a kid -RRB- , but provide loving discipline and direction when he is being naughty . There 's nothing wrong with playing , jumping , running and having fun . Let boys be boys , and let us raise them to be men . The acknowledged differences between boys and girls should not be used to demonstrate how difficult boys can be , but to accentuate and appreciate the differences so that we are able to parent our little boys in the best way possible and to meet their unique needs.There are better resources out there .
 If you have zero knowledge in flash then this book is o.k fo you.I learned most with free online tutorials ; I was expecting more on this item . And they mentioned '' : Paperback
 I have been studying taoism for about 21/2 years now , and while I 'm no expert , there was plenty I disagreed with in this book . I felt that the authors were incorrect -LRB- at least in their explanations -RRB- about some of the key points of taoist philosophy , and one of the authors gives his own translation of the first verse of the Tao Te Ching which I also found to be off-base . The back cover also promises `` in-depth '' information on tai chi and the I Ching , yet the book actually only gives brief information on these subjects -- in fact , INSIDE the book it says `` Here 's a brief overview '' -- no in-depth information . To make matters worse , the section on the I Ching contrasts the methods of eastern divination versus western divination , but the example it gives of a question in eastern divination is INCOMPATIBLE with the I Ching , suggesting an infamiliarity with it.While the back cover was probably written by the publisher and not the authors -LRB- it even mentions `` ying-yang '' instead of the correct `` yin-yang '' -RRB- , the material inside the book is what counts . But because of the faults I mentioned with the material inside , I found myself taking everything else I read in the book with a grain of salt because I was unsure of its accuracy . And while it does provide some information on the history of taoism , chinese dynasties , and taoist religion , I 'm concerned that this book would mislead those new to taoism.If you are new to taoism and would like to learn more , I recommend picking up a good translation of the Tao Te Ching and starting there . `` Tao Te Ching
 This book is poorly organized and confusing . The authors used way too many quotations from other sources , i.e. books , websites . In the end , I have to wonder what the authors ' own take is on the subject . It does n't have a backbone of its own , period .
 I am at a loss of words about how troubling I find this book and the ideas conveyed herein . First , Sowell in this book promises to construct and teach to the reader a simple mental device that allows the reader to reduce a vast , nuanced , complex world of ideas to a single , binary heuristic device that is simple enough that a precocious 12 year old could learn it . This is the academic political theory equivalent of watching Sean Hannity or Glenn Beck on television . This is a book about how to learn to see the world in black and white , us and them , liberal and conservative , utopian and tragic . It gives the reader a set of simple tools that are powerful in that they can be applied to most of history and political and social theory . It is a reductionist dualism that is at the heart of contemporary Republican politics in the United States of America and that defines the zeitgeist of the post-1994 Republican Party in American politics . If you like your political theory sophisticated and intelligent , you will be disappointed in this . But if you want to learn tricks for winning shouting matches defending Republican talking points on blogs and internet political message boards , this book will be a powerful tool in your belt .
 Like some of the other critical reviewers , I personally enjoy reading much of Sowell 's writing including his other books and columns and consequently was excited to start reading this book , but `` A Conflict of Visions '' is not Sowell 's best work . The ideas advanced did not strike me as astoundingly novel and the writing is very repetitive.To be fair , some of the repetition is forced by the topic -LRB- comparing and contrasting A vs. B thinking -RRB- , but the same sentence structure is employed so often that it becomes a significant distraction . An example from page 210
 Ca n't believe this book was sold . There were so many issues that could have been solved with good editing , that I quit reading halfway through the book - words left out , wrong names used , misspellings , etc. , etc. , etc. .
 I am a proficient MSXML coder but i ca n't get what I want -LRB- knowledge about . Net XML programming objects -RRB- from this book because the author habitually relies on advanced concepts from related technologies to explain things . So unless you are a pretty competent . Net programmer and already proficient in ADO.Net / ADO you will struggle to understand this book and struggle to understand the significance of what you are being told and why . I gave up and resorted to looking for articles on MSDN . Undoubtedly there is good stuff here but Mr Esposito writes as an extremely knowledgeable person for the already extremely knowledgeable person only .
 This was a good book but not what I was expecting . The first few pages had me hooked but then I lost my my pace along with the author.Things that seem to make sense melt into a burning candle dripping down a frozen glacier two degrees north of the equator . Now I 'm forever Three Doors Down ! Try it if you dare !!
 Another very ordinary ` Poirot ' . The Belgian sleuth is travelling in the middle east with a group which includes a horrible American matriarch.This horrible bit of goods gets the chop and because she 's such a nasty piece of work she deserved it.Its very hard to get involved in the story when there is absolutely no sympathy for the victim.Anyway , Poirot sets out to solve the murder and he does but with one of the real cheat endings of Christie 's career . The reader should at least have an outside chance of solving the murder but this one gives you no hope . Not great . -LRB- 1938 -RRB-
 `` Appointment with Death '' is full of shocks as Agatha Christie 's books usually are , but is nowhere near as interesting as `` Death On The Nile '' or even `` Evil Under The Sun '' . For `` Appointment with Death '' , I would recommend renting the video -LRB- starring Peter Ustinov as Poirot , featuring Lauren Bacall & Sir John Gielgud , Director
 I liked reading Agatha Christie 's novels and are of a good time pass . This book definitely is not worth reading , to my taste . I found it very disturbing that she compares the sadistic villain of this book with the Buddha . Just because she is fat ! I mean how would one feel if someone says the fat and monstrous jesus like psychopath ?! I expected some dignity from such a highly regarded author , but there it is .
 There 's very little factual substance to this book . Rather than giving detialed information on the tax consequences for specific actions and deductions , the book just tells you what you should and should not do , and in a few cases the author 's opinion is presented too strongly -LRB- i.e. , rather than explain the potential long-term tax savings that can be attained by incoroprating in business friendly states such as Nevada and Delaware , the author outlines the cost of having your mail forwarded from these states to your own and instructs you not to incorporate out of state becuase of the couple hundred bucks of annual forwarding costs . In the long run , you can save alot of money and time by incoroprating in such states . -RRB- Call my sexist if you 'd like , but I 've noticed that informational books written by women often tend to leave out important factual information and instead contain the female author 's opinion states as fact -LRB- i.e. `` Do n't keep money offshore . '' stated without any factual reasoning , when such a decision could definately benefit some taxpayers . -RRB- This book is definately not worth reading . A much better and more detailed tax refrence book would be Deduct It ! by Nolo books . All of the information in Deduct It ! was presented in depth along with court case studies showing which deduction decisions held up and which did not .
 Regardless of their orientation in politics , I think most people would agree that a dictionary should give objective definitions of ideas , not opinions of the author . This `` dictionary '' does not have an ounce of objectivity in it . The author frequently substitutes his opinion of an idea for the definition of it.Also , given the price , I expected a bigger book . It 's not very large , though admittedly it has had most of the terms I wanted to look up in it.If I knew of a better dictionary for politics I would recommend it ; since I do n't , I simply recommend not wasting your money on this one .
 I started to read just the introduction and I started to sense that something was wrong , very wrong . Besides the assumption of eco-feminism as compatible with Orthodoxy , he discusses the occult he was deeply involved with in terms that made me more than uncomfortable
 This book is not a total loss , but lacks in search for orthodox spirituality . The author turned preacher became an accepted pupil by the master . And then the breakup with the master . Ever since this author is flapping around in the wind , trying to recapture his original momentum with the Magus . He has flipped from researcher into an idiot in my eyes . But read it if you want to waste your time . There are remnants of Greek philosophy on Cypros , once the stronghold of the Knight 's Templar .
 Jewish bildungsroman has little to recommend it besides its ethnic angle . Unremarkable prose -LRB- that has the feel of Dickens , two generations later -RRB- . Some interesting homoerotic undertones , and the narrator 's lack of of self-consciousness may give critics something to consider . But I am not certain that there is any authorial control behind these hiccups . Too long . Probably best left forgotten .
 This is a review meant solely for the audio version of the book . the book itself is very good and i was looking forward to hearing a reading of it as i am a big fan of audio books . i was disappointed to hear that it was just a simple text to speech made by a computer . this was not worth the money and i feel as though i have been taken advantage of . it sounds like a robot reading it and for the price if someone was going to be lazy and use a program they could have spent what i paid for one copy and gotten a realistic sounding program . WARNING LOW QUALITY READING
 I know this is something of a `` classic , '' but readers should be forwarned that in this book , the hero frequents prostitutes and seduces a married woman -LRB- actually he tries to seduce three of them -RRB- . The affair takes up about 50-100 pages with references to it later in the book as well.There are good parts to this book . The very beginning is interesting , and one can find interesting material throughout the book . But at a certain point , the main character starts visiting women of ill repute and starts seducing married women . It was at this point that I started wondering , `` What kind of person was Abe Cahan if he could write about such matters in such detail ? And what kind of morals did Cahan have if he makes this affair seem somewhat wonderful , rather than dastardly ? `` Be forewarned !
 New Rule
 I can sum this book up in two words
 To understand something of `` Ulysses , '' one must firstlook at its publication in a historical perspective . Brought out inprint in a time when the banning of books was common practice in the war against `` obscenity , '' Mr. Joyce 's work was championed by all liberals everywhere -- not so much on its artistic merits , but , rather , due to what it symbolized for them
 Tough to be critical of a classic , but this book will not be finished ! There is little context and . frankly , it makes my head hurt just trying to read it .
 See my review for &#34; The Age of Innocence &#34; - it completely describes how I feel about this book and how unreadable it is .
 I ca n't be sure that my rating reflects the author 's work more than it does the publisher 's and editor 's . Notwithstanding , there 's quite a bit of brilliance in the writing style and the techniques the author employs to tell the story . Only what story he is telling , I can not say . For the entire book I could n't grasp the flow or meaning of the story . Of course I could read for pages and understand the mood and the speaker . But I have no clue what the book is about.And one wonders how it achieved `` Classic '' status .
 I found this book incredibly burdensome and confusing . Could someone please decipher the manuscript so a reader may be able to comprehend the message that Mr. Joyce was espousing . Thank you for the consideration . I understand the general structure but the language is convoluted and abstact . Maybe with a little help i will be able to understand the underlying theory .
 that one star is for all the reviewers who in their five-star sycophancy insist that anyone who rates fewer than `` six out of five '' is obviously intellectually deficient , morally depraved and culturally illiterate . Ask yourselves , ` what did I * really * get from experiencing this work ? ' and see what you come up with . So far it seems only a desire to render predictable , sophomoric on-line reviews in the Q&A catechism style of the Ithaca episode ... And for you who just does n't feel the five-star bravado which so many others wield in touting Ulysses , it 's OK - you 're still a good person - and actually more the ` Everyman ' for whom Joyce -LRB- supposedly -RRB- had sympathy .
 This is a fantastic novel ... it is really beyond a novel and beyond reproach . The paperback Gabler edition , however , posesses what is quite possibly the most worthless and flimsy binding of any novel , great or small . If you read the entire book -LRB- a difficult task , but well worth it -RRB- , it is guaranteed to crumble in your hands like the gilded pork kidney dome of new Bloomuselem . All that expensive German philology and bibliographic science bound with bubble-gum and rubber cement . I do n't pretend to be fully apprised of the respective merits of the various editions -LRB- although I do understand that the original 1934 U.S edition was a pirated and notoriously erroneous text -RRB- but you might do well to consider the revised 1961 Ulysses -LRB- i.e. . The Vintage Books and Modern Library text -RRB- , over this , the scholarly standard , cursed with a nickel-dime spine .
 The binding on the Viking edition is absolutely miserable . Unless you are extremely ginger when handling your books , this Viking printing will fall apart within a few readings.Invest in the Modern Library hardcover edition , any other edition , and do not throw away your money on the consumable garbage Viking has made available .
 The poor attention to typography has rendered this edition almost unreadable . I was looking to save a few dollars and read a great classic and instead I have a five-pound doorstop .
 Enough good things have been said about Ulysses , and most of them are true . You should benefit greatly from reading such a wondrous masterpiece . But if you are serious you should shy away from the Gabler Edition . It is widely considered among Joyce scholars , and even some of Gabler 's original advisers , that he took way too many liberties when producing this edition . He made many noted blunders and errors . In essense , Gabler damaged the script with his misguided sense of editing.I have read the Gabler Edition , and really did n't know better at the time . It was still brilliant and I loved it , but I defer to the experts . I now own the Random House edition , and have skipped around to reread parts of it . Supposedly the Penguin and Everyman 's Library editions are worthy reprints of the 1960 edit . There is a forthcoming edit from Norton that is anticipated as becoming the new definitive edit , but they have been delayed in getting it out . Be careful about which edition you get . Some are reprints of the original edition , which contains many errors . Go with Penguin , Everyman 's or Random House for now.Also , this Vintage edition is horribly made . The book binding frayed and the book fell apart after a year ; the pages all fell out -LRB- some individually , but mostly in clumps of 10 to 100 pages -RRB- and I was desperately and pathetically trying to keep them together and in order -LRB- I was only trying to hold on to the book because of my extensive margin notes -RRB- . After , a while I just gave up and vowed never to buy Vintage again.I plan on rereading Ulysses , but in a different edition than Vintage . I read it along with The New Bloomsday Book by Harry Blamires . It is an extremely helpful and well regarded commentary/guide .
 The performance of Donald Donnelly is certainly far better than Jim Norton 's one in the Naxos edition of the talking book . But , unfortunately , this is a messy edition and there is no index for the tracks.Naxos edition has an index in the sleeves of each cd cds of the Naxos edition are packed in individual sleeves , unlike this edition -RRB- where you can see the first lines that are read in every single track . It helps a lot to find a particular passage or just to find the track that you last listened to.Naxos edition also has music that makes the experience of the talking book a better , more complete one . It also has a cdrom with plenty of information on Ulysses.Moreover , many of the female `` voices '' are read by Donald Donnelly whilst the female readeris more present in the Naxos edition.I am going to return this item and it is a shame because Donald Donnelly is really good . I ca n't say the same about Recorded Books lazy , disorganized edition.PS . There is one last thing . Some words read in this edition are different from what is in the book whilst Naxos edition is exactly like the book.The book I have is the Modern Library edition , 1992 .
 Aside from the other flaws pointed out , it does n't have any chapter breaks . If Amazon does n't want a good edition available for free for the Kindle , that 's their business , but that this one comes up first on the search page sullies the reputation of the Kindle , of free books available over the Internet , and of Ulysses itself . -LRB- I 'm not going to say Ulysses is n't a challenging read , but it 's an impossible one here . -RRB-
 The greatest achievement in western literature is now available in a bound version heretofore reserved for second rate `` How to '' books from the remainder bin . This publisher offers no preface , foreword , notes , or so much as an illustrator 's credit for the apt cover ; the sole redeeming feature of this tawdry effort . Usually clocking in at 740 pages plus , this version manages to squeeze every word of the masterwork into a nimble 554 pages , thanks to a total lack of margin space or chapter breaks . Laughably , the book 's spine does not allow even for this squeezed assembly , so that it arrives splayed and bow-legged , in unintentional tribute to the willowy author perhaps . Under-inked to the point of appearing mimeographed , with serifs giving way on almost every page , this is hardly the version one needs of a book to be cherished and re-visited often .
 Typical straight-from-Project-Gutenberg textfile conversion
 This particular edition in its kindle gratis version is a shame.It has lost many paragraphs of the original text . It is made in such a crazy disorder that I needed another expensive edition to try to understand this book.This is the perfect example on why any serious reader will end by hating the e-books . It is free , yes , but that is no excuse for such a lousy work.Ulysses
 Random House , calling on English Professors and other literary professionals , declared James Joyce 's Ulysses as the greatest novel of the 20th Century.Who am I to disagree?While I may not have too many initials following my name , I 'd like to believe that my opinion about Ulysses is valid in its own right . After all , I have taken the trouble to read the thing . Also , I have a bachelor 's degree , and have taught High School English . I 've also read an exegesis of Ulysses , and am currently reading Finnegans Wake , so I do have something in the way of qualifications . At heart , I account my opposing opinion to the fact that I believe that the standards that I use to judge the merits of a novel are different than those employed by the fellows at Random House . Further , I think that my criteria are n't necessarily all that bad.Indeed , I like to believe that my criteria are probably closer to what most people look for in a novel.The things that I look for in a novel include
 I would simply like to verify what previous reviewers have written about the missing text in the free Kindle edition . All the bits of doggerel and poetry that are in the text seem to be missing . I made it through 16 % of the free edition , and just felt like something was not right . Not having a hard copy where I am , I checked out another Kindle edition that costs about $ 3.00 . It in fact feels complete , at least so far . The poetry is in there , which really adds to the text . An example of what is missing
 I suppose I should n't complain much at 95 cents , but the text has a disconcertingly high error rate . There are no italics , verse is not offset , there are scattered typographical errors , and I 've found a few instances where stray numbers appear in the text . Also , I 'm only three chapters in.If you are unfamiliar with this book and care about these things , you might want to look elsewhere .
 This edition omits most everything that appears in the print edition centered in the page , i.e. the poetry and songs like `` The Ballad of Joking Jesus , '' noted by other reviewers . Utterly unacceptable for a book written with care to every word .
 While free , the Kindle edition is very poor . Poor or non-existent headings combine with frequent appearances of '' ? '' in place of various letters to make this a frustrating read . Fortunately , I read the Modern Library edition years ago and was able to muddle through . Definitely not recommended for first time readers .
 `` I 've put in so many enigmas and puzzles that it will keep the professors busy for centuries arguing over what I meant , and that 's the only way of insuring one 's immortality . `` James Joyce
 Mostly pompous , obtuse , pseudo-psychological gibberish . The major obscenity , which should never have been permitted by the USA legal system , the marketplace for literature , or the fawning academic community , was the publication of this duplicitous enigma . Many scholars have devoted their careers to explaining its content , but its raison d'tre and current status are still a complete mystery to me.Psychological Profiling
 While Squire Taylor might have waxed excessively virulent , he does provide a valid point . I have long questioned Joyce 's status as a great writer . Not that he failed to display a knack for the pen - indeed , his _ Dubliners _ contains work of substantial depth and real stylistic artistry -LRB- particularly `` The Dead '' -RRB- . My qualm is with his later works , especially the much-praised _ Ulysses _ . Here Joyce lapsed into experimentation for the sake of experimentation . The final result was a muddled mess , the underlying meaning of which can only be _ constructed _ by general readers of exceptional creativity or professional critics with advanced degrees and an excess of spare time.And even if we give Joyce the benefit of the doubt , even if we believe that he was -LRB- like Thomas Wolfe , who had , after all , a very patient editor -RRB- writing to capture each and every moment of our lives , we must admit the difficulty of the task . Literature must follow some logical construct ; it must sort our daily chaos with art . If we follow Joyce 's example by stuffing a day 's garbled thoughts into a book , we have created only a mirror - something that apes our futility . True literature , on the other hand , attacks our existence piecemeal . And though such literature may never reveal the meaning of each breath or cry `` fiat lux '' before God or the Void or whatever lies at the root of the universe , it is a symbol of our unquenchable willingness to kick against the pricks , to grasp at unknowable truth . The artist , in carefully crafting - in reaching for that elusive order and higher truth - breathes new and continual life into those words of William Faulkner : '' -LSB- Man -RSB- is immortal not because he alone among creatures has an inexhaustible voice , but because he has a soul , a spirit capable of compassion and sacrifice and endurance . The poet 's , the writer 's , duty is to write about these things . It is his privilege to help man endure by lifting his heart , by reminding him of the courage and honor and hope and pride and compassion and pity and sacrifice which have been the glory of his past . The poet 's voice ... -LSB- must -RSB- help him endure and prevail . `` How can our `` puny inexhaustible voice '' ring defiantly when , like Joyce , we wallow in our daily morass ?
 This is not a story . This is nonsense . Other reviewers who called it `` unreadable '' , `` verbal flatulence '' , `` emetic '' , `` well nigh incomprehensible '' , are spot on correct . Unless you really hate yourself , do not attempt to read this book .
 The book consists of an overabundance of mini-stories that are irrelevant to each other and there is no real plot . If you took this book into a publisher nowadays , he or she would probably throw it at you and then laugh in your face . I had to have been published on a dare , then banned as a publicity stunt . If you want to read it , I would suggest going to the library . Do n't waste your money .
 Ulysses is a book that must be held , not battery powered . I doubt James Joyce would like his books as ebooks . Any more than Shakespeare , Ovid , Milton , Boethius , Sartre , Shelley , Kazantzakis or Tobias would . It 's not an appropriate fit . These authors transcended the instantaneous , the inelegance of electricity . They wrote by candle-light , just as Nureyev danced by candlelight .
 I was tempted to write this review after reading the other reviews . It seems that most readers had to struggle through it or use Cliff Notes . In short , it seems many succumbed to the peer pressure that it was a `` great '' book and that they just `` had '' to read it . It puts me in mind of someone going to an art gallery full of atrocious modern art and faking that they liked it to show how sophisticated they are . The truth is this book stinks.For one thing it is vulgar , which , I hate to disappoint anyone , requires no talent at all . This is a talent any six year-old boy possesses . Is the wordplay clever ? Yes , too clever . James Joyce must have been incredibly pleased with himself . -LRB- ... -RRB- himself .
 First off , let me say that I did not complete this book . One of my English teachers once told me that if a book did not capture your imagination within the first 50 pages , it would be wise to put the book down . Well , I gave this book 225 pages , and I thought that it was once of the most boring and esoteric books I have ever come across . I first read - A Portriat of the Artist as a Young Man - , which I thought was quite good . I came in with high hopes for - Ulysses - , but was very let down . I found myself not only getting lost with the pages and pages of thoughts Joyce presents us with , but also with some of the dialogue , when all the characters rample on about someone speaking Irish . I have no doubt that Joyce was a genious , his books are filled with game show like trivia . However , I think for a book to be considered a `` Classic , '' or , `` one that should be read by everyone , '' then that book should not have to be refered to as a `` Project , '' nor should it take people a year to read , as some of the other on-line reviewers have said it took them . So to summarize , if you want to take a hefty load of your reading schedule just so you can say you 've read - Ulysses - be my guest , your a better reader than I am , but for the time being , give me Steinbeck or Faulkner anyday .
 Despite its reputation , this book seems to be totally pretensious , written to impress , rather than to communicate . Have we all been taken in ?
 A year ago , I decided that I would read the Modern Library 's 100 best books of the 20th century . I have read some great books and I have read some bad books . The worst of these books being Ulysses . Now , I know that the Modern Library has chosen it as the # 1 book of the 20th century , but as a common man and not a smarter-than-thou literature expert , I recommend that unless you just want to say you read it , forget it . Read an entertaining author . No wonder Americans do n't read more often , the trash that people `` in the know '' tell them is a classic is as boring as driving across Kansas at 10 mph!This book was deemed to obscene for the US when it was first written . The obscenity seems mild today but maybe they were just placating Joyce 's ego by telling him it was too obscene instead of allowing unknowing Americans to waste many hours that they can never have back reading his rambling and self-glorifying pile of dung he considered his crowning achievement.Pass on this one ! Read Fitzgerald or Hemingway . Enjoy reading . Life is too short to waste your time on this crap !
 It only decries Joyce 's Ulysses to know it is so overated as it is . The book is not so good , it is boring , it is a colection of words and a continuous experimentation of styles that , unhappily , do not mean anything to the meaning of the story ; that is , the book 's language is snobbish and useless . Those who say that `` love '' such a writing are to be thought about as non-readers or as victims of a literary abnormality .
 ... The critics rave about Ulysses . Many readers who 've slogged all the way through proclaim it to be the greatest book of the 20th Century . Put me in the camp of those who thinks it 's a pile of gibberish.It 's the only book I 've ever read that still had me scratching my head after three chapters . Is it a novel ? A series of unrelated short stories ? A poem ? Apparently , only intellectuals can tell.I was taught that writing is the process of communicating with readers . This book fails miserably at that . I honestly ca n't summarize the plot . I did n't understand it . Maybe I 'm stupid , but I think the fact that Joyce repeatedly breaks into long stretches of French and Latin and his own made-up words -- none of which I understand -- has something to do with it.I give the book two stars because of Joyce 's obvious mastery of vocabulary , and because maybe I 'm wrong . Maybe I 'm too ignorant to comprehend the genius . But I doubt it . To me , reading enjoyment should n't be this hard . -- Christopher Bonn Jonnes , author of Wake Up Dead .
 A couple things
 After page 50 I decided I was n't enjoying it and moved on to another book . Too many long monologues by some old dude in a bed and others . I 'm sure it 's a great book , just was n't for me .
 I would have to say that I have easily read close to 1,000 books in my lifetime . I would also easily have to say that I have never read a book that was as incomprehensible as Ulysses . I really do not believe that one has to have cliffnotes or any type of ` helpers ' to read and understand a book . Yet , I firmly believe that Ulysses should be accompanied by several texts explaining page by page what you just read . It was so disjointed and difficult to comprehend that I was beginning to question my sanity in even attempting to sift through it and find a plot . I would not recommend it to anyone and I feel sorry for English majors who are forced to read it . I chose to read it and would not make that choice a second time .
 I see that this printing is out of stock . May it stay so . Ulysses is the most beautiful book I have ever encountered and I would urge everyone to become familiar with it and add to their familiarity for as long as they live . That being said , the magnum opus of scholarly works this book has -LRB- and will continue to have -RRB- added is such that much of it constitutes a forever living and growing part of Ulysses itself . As such , some consistency in pagination is crucial as there is a long established convention of referring to specific lines , words etc ... that is employed by any and every Joyce scholar on the planet . Past reprints and revisions of Ulysses have either maintained the original pagination or indicated in marginalia a mapping to the original . Why Penguin would completely obliterate this -LRB- and by extension make the cannon of Joyce scholarship almost unusable -RRB- is beyond me . If you want to read Ulysses and have no opportunity to benefit from the insight of others -LRB- including those that Joyce worked with on this -RRB- then get this book and try to enjoy it in a bubble . Otherwise , it would behoove you to get a printing that respects this book and the reader for what they are .
 Perhaps the British were right to repress the Irish
 Okay , before we start , I know you 've never read Ulysses -- sure you 've dabbled or read the first 100 pages , but no one 's ever actually read it.I knew I would n't be able to read this beast -- I 've tried & failed three or four times -- but I figured I 'd read some criticism about it . Well , the critics have such overblown & grandiose interpretations of the book 's meaning & Joyce 's importance that they were alternately making me laugh or become violent.But last night I had an epiphany . It occurred to me that Ulysses is the greatest hoax of the century , ranking with Conan Doyle 's Piltdown Man . Surely , Joyce must have realized that Ulysses was the inevitable & fitting conclusion to the Romantic Age . Art , cut loose from the mooring of God , had steadily drifted away from the universal & towards the personal . Ulysses is the culmination of this trend -- a novel that could only be read , understood or enjoyed by its author . Spare yourself.GRADE
 The greatest novel of the twentieth century ? Hardly . A babbling , senseless tome upheld by `` literary luminaries '' who fear being cast into the tasteless bourgeois darkness for dissent ? Yes , that 's the gist . Joyce rambles and , moreover , Joyce does n't say a blessed thing -LRB- save what literary critics assign him -- but that 's what literary critics do
 A lot of things have been said and written about James Joyce 's most famous novel . Most of these remarks are high praises for the quality of his work and particularly for his originality.Before buying the book , I went on-line to check Amazon 's review about it . At the time , the comment seemed helpful . It clearly explained the structure of the novel , the personality of the characters - Leopold Bloom ans Stephen Dedalus - , as well as the outline of the plot - a day in the life of these people.The review is very positive . It mentions that it is a `` modern masterpiece '' and that it is the greatest expression of realism in literature . Furthermore , it is said that the novel tells a `` funny , sorrowful and suspenseful '' story where `` everything happens '' . Since I am not an expert in literature I wonder what a masterpiece is ? I can not convince myself this is the best literature can get.Nevertheless , other characteristics mentioned are impossible to grasp . It is obvious that I wrongly assumed that Amazon and I shared the definition of basic concepts such as `` funny '' . Therefore , I discovered that the novel was not what I though it would be . I like thoughtful and dynamic story telling books . I should have never bought Ulysses because it is slow , distant and numbness of one 's brain is required to understand what the author is describing.To sum up , the book did not impress me . Actually , it was a nightmare . And the review did not help me at all .
 This book is -LRB- obviously -RRB- a classic , but not I did n't get through more than the first few pages . Clever , convoluted minutia that was n't amusing -- maybe the word choices were too different from what I 'm used to to appreciate it .
 Recently I was staying at a friend 's house and in the library was Ulysses , I pulled the book out from the shelf and started to read it . I knew the book was famous , considered by many the greatest book of the 20th Century , and I had a vague recollection of having tried to read it when I was still a teenager . Fully conscious and wide-awake I closely read the first 40 or 50 pages . I ca n't say I do n't remember what I read , but I can say I had no idea where the `` action '' took place , no idea of who was talking , and absolutely clueless to what any of the characters thought . The experience was completely mind-numbing . I then turned to the last chapter , and turned page after page looking for the period at the end of that chapter 's opening sentence . I do n't know how thorough my scanning was but I believe the whole last chapter , several pages , is one very long sentence.Joyce is an aesthetic bother of Marcel Duchamp -LRB- known for The Fountain , a urinal , now a museum piece -RRB- and John Cage -LRB- the composer of pieces for prepared piano , where the piano 's strings are mangled with trash . He also is the `` composer '' of violin piece where the performer goes through the motions of playing without making a sound . I do n't know if Amazon 's audio capabilities can capture the nuance of that piece . -RRB- In this `` club '' we have a composer who writes noise or silence , an artist who exhibits a toilet , and a writer who is incomprehensible ... long may they rest in peace.Two positive things I can say about James Joyce is that he has a great sounding name and he gives wonderful titles to his works .
 I spent months to read this crappy novel , hailed by modern pseudo-intellectuals as 20th century best -LRB- maybe because they are so close to its flimsy thoughtless characters and broken up narration - typical to Post-Modernist ` masterpieces ' - -RRB- . Although better and more sincere compared to its modern literary heirs , Ulysses still is in no way capable to elude its very nature . The thoroughly unreadable ramblings found inside are under no circumstance manifestations of artistic rebellion , being in fact just excuses coming from extraordinarily self-indulgent authors.Of course , some non-indoctrinated people could object and say
 This is one of those classic novels that gives classic novels a bad name . Modern readers equate the word `` classic '' with `` boring and hard to read . '' But most classics have risen to that status because they are timeless , powerful and entertaining - Heart of Darkness , War and Peace , and Red Badge of Courage come to mind -LRB- all highly readable , by the way -RRB- . Then there are the novels that have been made famous because of the academic community 's inability to distinguish between obscure genius and obscure pretentious pap . Ulysses falls into the latter category.This work has its moments , no question . I actually enjoyed the final hundred pages . Too bad I had to read 900 pages -LRB- hardcover version -RRB- of intellectual onanism to get to them . Joyce was a talented writer , but trying so stridently to prove that to his readers is just plain arrogant . His prose makes Faulkner look like Crichton . I was able to follow the narrative less than half of the time . Lest you think that has more to do with my intellect -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- than bad writing , you should know that I am a well-read , educated person who makes his living as a professional editor . The point is , if a literate audience ca n't make -LRB- any -RRB- sense of your work without referring to a 500 page reference book every two minutes , your novel is a failure.Ulysses is a book for people who think a blank white canvas hanging in an art gallery is genius . Fans of Joyce need to read Tom Wolfe 's Painted Word before they can have any credibility defending Joyce 's `` masterpiece . ''
 That book has a luck . It 's the worst book which has ever been written . Strangely , there are some people who think it is the best one . that 's what the latin phrase -LRB- above -RRB- means
 I am not commenting on the work , just this audiobook version.Poor production and dynamic range . I have the abridged version of this audiobook and sometimes the narrator speaks so softly that I have to turn the volume up and then a moment later he speaks so loud it hurts my ears . I have never had this happen with a Recorded Books audio book . Inexcusable.Also they put in some singing/opera clips . Hey , I came to hear the book not some other stuff the producer decided to put in .
 This `` Reader 's Edition '' of Ulysses can not be defended on any grounds , not even those of the editor . Mr. Rose claims to have brought the beauty of Joyce 's most famous work closer to being appreciated en masse . He strips the work of many techniques that Joyce is admired for , that set him apart as an artist and that he surely intended . Gone are many -LRB- there are thousands of revisions -RRB- of Joyce 's omissions of puctuation , capitalization and other conventions of grammar . There are documented mistakes that Joyce attempted to correct during his lifetime , and three existing editions are far truer to Ulysses as it was intended . There is no reason to subjugate the techniques of James Joyce so people with short attention spans and speciously pedantic -LRB- why correct Joyce 's purposeful misuse of grammar -RRB- leanings can appreciate . If you simply want to know the story buy the Cliff 's notes or ask someone who read the book . If you want to find out all the reason 's for Joyce 's renown read the true `` reader 's editions '' from the 20 's and thirties or , of course , the 1961 text . I am obviously very angry . Even if I sat and thought for weeks I could n't put any of my points in a technical manner . If you have read previous editions and enjoy seething , buy this one . Then you too can ask the question
 Ulysses -LRB- Everyman 's Library , 100 -RRB- When I ordered this book , -LRB- oct 08 -RRB- the `` look inside book '' option showed the copy with blue covers , title on cover . But I received one with red covers , title on spine , the dust jackets are identical . Other reviews praise the blue covered volume , now out of date . If this matters to you , now you know you will receive the red covered volume.With my return , amazon may update the `` look inside '' book to show current red covers so you get what you ordered .
 Indecipherable rubbish.I bought this door stop because it is on everyone 's list of Great Books . I read 200 or so pages and had to stop , I 'd rather have a root canal without anesthesia than read the rest of it . I am a college educated English major , but how this random witlessness can share a shelf with Steinbeck , Vonnegut , Hemingway , Orwell or Forster and a number of other fine authors escapes me .
 I 'm sorry to say I did n't know what was going on about 85 percent of the time while reading this book . I even read `` Portrait of the artist '' before this one . The only thing it helped me with was recognizing Stephen Dedalus ' name . I ca n't recommend this book .
 I know the Modern Library picked this as the # 1 book of all-time , which was one of the reasons I chose to read it . However , I was sorely disappointed in it . I like books that I can read without having to scrutinize every page in abhorring detail . A book like Huckleberry Finn is a very readable book that I can read on one level and my son on another and both take a lot away from it . A book like Ulysses has only one level , and it 's way to deep to enjoy . The `` story '' gets lost in the chaff . I have never used Cliff Notes in my life , but was forced to buy them about halfway through this book and was surprised to find some `` obvious '' things I missed . If you want a good book , read Frankenstein , Huck Finn , any Dickens , etc but skip this `` classic '' and leave it to those folks who like to disect a book and not enjoy it ...
 Anyone who tells you they 've read this so-called book all the way through is probably lying through their teeth.It is impossible to endure this torture.In fact the military would have already made POW `` S read this waste but , I think such cruel and unusual punishment would violate the statutes of the Geneva Convention.It is not that this so - called book is so unmercifully long that ruins it , but that the characters are so boring.Who cares about the characters?Who can stomach the endless trivialities illuminated within the pages of this tomb?You can not even call this the worst book ever written because a book would first have to be written in order for it to be considered a book , would n't it?This joke that the literary community has perpetrated for almost a century has highlighted precisely what a bunch of pompous , bleeting sheep lit crits really are.The joke is on whomever has bothered to waste a nanosecond on this devious farce.My goodness , ca n't anybody see that the emperor has no clothes ?! Is everybody too thickheaded to get the joke or just afraid to seem uncultured or ignorant so they go along with a 80 year old gag and unintentionally show themselves to be pompous?This waste of paper is a genuine TEE-YOU-ARE-DEE , and Joyce the trickster of tricksters .
 I hated Ulysses ... and not just because it 's practically unreadable . I actually did manage to more or less read it all the way through , in one long twelve hour night , which I can never have back now . And I do n't know about all the nuances and subtleties that it supposedly contains , but the basic thrust of it was clear enough.Ulysses is basically an unbridled attack on the very ideas of heroism , romantic love and sexual fulfillment , and objective literary expression . This is made especially clear by the title 's reference to The Odyssey of Homer -LRB- Ulysses being the Latin name for the Greek Odysseus -RRB- -- and the unmistakably unbridgeable contrast between the two books , both in terms of the content of the stories , and their modes of expression.Odysseus is a great man , King of Ithaca , husband of Penelope , father of Telemachus , and a hero of the Trojan war . The Odyssey chronicles his heroic ten-year voyage to return home from the war to his wife and son . Ulysses , on the other hand , is about an ordinary day in the life of Leopold Bloom , a bumbling buffoon , impotent both in life and in bed . In Homer 's view , man is a heroic , even God-like , being -- and woman is more than a match for him . In Joyce 's , man is metaphysically ridiculous , especially in matters of sex , and woman is his equal in patheticalness.And then there is the literary style Joyce employs to spew forth this sewage . While Homer 's epic poem takes the form of strictly-metered verse , Joyce switches literary mode , from straight prose to dialogue to stream of consciousness -LRB- among other things -RRB- , almost at random throughout the work , though it seems to degenerate more and more toward the end.If the point of Ulysses were to break free of outmoded and arbitrary restrictions of classicism , it would be admirable . But that 's not what Joyce is doing . He does n't offer a positive alternative to replace the Homeric values -LRB- which I think are genuine values -RRB- upon which he 's pissing . He 's pissing on them just to piss on them . It 's pure nihilism , and it 's disgusting.Ulysses is obscene , not because of any language it uses or its obsession with sex , but because of its thematic content -- the ideas it conveys . The book expresses nothing less than an all-consuming hatred of man and any positive values to which he aspires . And that is why I think Ulysses is one of the most vile and evil books ever written .
 Joyce had sometimes been called a writers writer . One reviewer even suggested we should give Ulysses the benefit of a doubt , for the same reason we uneducated lay-folk use to accept on sight modern physics or Einsteins Relativity theory . Now I can think of all sorts of definitions for the meaning and purpose of imaginative literature -- to serve as the arcane Cabala for the initiates of a secretive cult is not one of them . If a novel lacks what it takes to reach every conceivable kind of reader , regardless whether it is to be received as a pleasure or a nuisance , than it is a failure , plain and simple . I may detest what I read -- even successful novels dont come with a gun held to your head -- but Ulysses is simply an empty shell , nothing left to form an opinion or taste either way . A bad writer is just bad , because he cant cope adequately with his task . But there is also a possibility that I may detest a good writer for the waste of skill and talent on something I deem to be an unworthy or badly misguided effort . So even if I may not like what he has to say , I can still be impressed by the beauty and cogency of his delivery . I dont like it , but the man has something to say , and he says it well . But this here is different
 I know that I 'm being sacrilegious here -LRB- especially considering that I live in Dublin , and Joyce is our Patron Saint of Literature and Literary Pub Tours -RRB- , but how this novel is always ranked among the top of the ` Greatest of the Greatest ' lists totally escapes me . I personally do n't think that Joyce can lay claim to writing a true literary masterpiece simply because the language is immensely challenging . I strongly suspect that the accolades come in part precisely because of the fact that Ulysses rises far above the language of the less-intellectual novels that grace today 's best-seller lists , and there is only a certain breed of reader that will wrestle with such a monster and live to tell about it . Not to down-play the other reviews here -LRB- which I think are all valid -RRB- , but this veneration of Joyce seems to have a slight odor of literary snobishness . I can think of many more modern classics that are written with such clarity that even the less ` intellectual ' can grasp the depth of the work ... and is n't that truly the hallmark of a premiere author ?
 I know I am only 13 years old and I do not wish to offend anybig Ulysses fans , but I had no idea what this book was on about ? I will reread it perhaps in 30 years and appreciate it more . However , for the time being , those who proclaim it the greatest book of the century only have to read any of The Lord of the Rings , Catch-22 , 1984 or To Kill a Mockingbird to see they are sadly mistaken END
 Imaginative literature ca n't afford to dissociate itself from its readership because the `` lay-reader '' is the very rationale for its existence ! Joyce is not a model to be followed by any writer . Granted that it is the reader 's prerogative to choose and pick - it is not up to the author of imaginative literature to be selective about his readers . This extremely gifted man had set out to surpass everything produced in literature up to his time , and if his goal had been tedium to the max , he achieved it . I am the first to give Joyce due credit for the linguistic scope and the skill with which he engineered the plot in Ulysses - but answer me honestly
 I can not see why everyone thinks this book is so great . It reminds me of modern art , where a so called artist splashes paint on a canvas in ten minutes and then passes it off as a masterpiece . It probably took Joyce less time to write this novel than it took me to read it . If my grade had n't depended on it , I would have put it down after ten minutes .
 I did n't think I 'd be writing books reviews 30 years after leaving school . But ... There is a certain class of author -- George Meredith was one of the first to express this viewpoint -- who has the opinion `` if you ca n't figure out what this is all about in the first chapter , you are intellectually unworthy to read my book . '' That is arrogance of the first order . Joyce , Faulkner -LRB- in some cases -RRB- , and others of the `` I 'm too deep for you , dummy '' school have massive good press from academics . Books like this keep them in tenure , one can devote a whole semester to explaining what is happening on Bloomsday . If you do n't have to read this book , you should n't bother . Good books do n't have to be ` literary ' , just have to be readable and make sense . There are of course good moments in Ulysses , especially if you have ever been to an Irish pub , but you really have to dig for them .
 The electronification of James Joyce 's Ulysses has n't quite got it yet
 I am currently reading the classics , I feel they are classics for a reason . Ulysses though was one of the most difficult books I 've ever attempted . I forced myself to keep going . It did n't flow and was difficult to read because the writer kept changing styles.I just do n't think it 's worth reading and wish I had n't bothered . I understood the book but just did n't enjoy it . If you get halfway through and ca n't decide whether to keep going , it does n't get better . Granted , it 's an intellectual book , I now know I am not to be described as an intellectual .
 I was excited to see this as a free Kindle download . However I did n't like the formatting . The paragraphs should start with an indent of one centimeter or so , but they do n't have any indent at all . It 's kind of amateur .
 Ignoring the fact that I 've had it a year and only made it to page 100 ... the format of the book is a bit odd . It 's quite a large book , and the organization of the text on the page is very overwhelming . It 's like a big , poorly published textbook . Perhaps this is what Joyce wanted ...
 I 've just now downloaded this version -LRB- Ulysses -LSB- Annotated -RSB- -RRB- , so I ca n't say how it compares to the other Kindle versions as far as missing text , or any of the other formatting complaints . I can say , it does not appear to be annotated . And indeed , if you go to the actual publisher 's site -LRB- digireads.com -RRB- they do not list it as being such , nor do they mention annotation anywhere in the product description.I know Amazon probably has millions of product descriptions to sort through and try to make accurate . But I 'd rather have a vague description than one with added details that prove purely erroneous.I also think their practice of automatically cross-referencing the reviews for different editions of the same book is incredibly unhelpful . Bottom line
 I went with the Penguin edition because it seemed to have the best reviews out of all the editions available . While I 'm sure the paperback edition is fine , the Kindle version is an absolute mess.It looks like this edition was made using OCR and a scanner . Foremost among its problems is that the word `` the '' routinely appears as `` die '' or `` lie '' . This happens about once per page throughout the entire book.The font size changes from paragraph to paragraph . Punctuation is often missing or wrong . Commas sometimes appear as the number `` 3 '' in a subscript or something else fun like that . The letter `` l '' is frequently replaced by the number `` 1 '' -LRB- these look very different on a Kindle -RRB- . Line breaks appear where they should n't , and spaces are often missing between words.I 've seen similar problems with other books on Kindle , though usually only for freebies . Since there are several free versions of this book available , I 'd advise avoiding this one .
 Notwithstanding disputes on the editorial choices , the main reason to get this particular edition is the fact that the guide by Don Gifford makes reference to its line numbering . The Gifford book is an indispensable companion to Ulysses . However , the large format , relatively small print and miserable binding are deplorable . Once you get to Molly 's monologue , you almost have to detach the pages one after the other . Maybe not so great for the inescapable rereading of this masterwork !
 James Joyce is a genius . Let 's all say it together , loud and proud . Maybe he is so much of a genius that he has created in a novel , Ulysses , a work that is so far above anyone 's heads that since the majority of the reading public does n't understand , well then , by God , it must be supernova brilliant . Was it just me ? Did my intellectual shortcomings not allow me to truly enjoy this work that makes everyone 's top 10 books of the century list ? Or was Joyce just playing around ? A writer with mastery of the language decided to fool around a little and release a novel that is an exercise in experimentation on what you can do with language but nothing really more . To harbor my fragile intellectual ego , that 's the theory I 'm going with . Greatest book of all time or not , I just did n't get it.This book is supposed to be about Leopold Bloom and Stephen Dedalus and a day in the life of Dublin in 1904 . I really had to read the other reviews or cliff notes to be able to discern what happens on that day despite reading the book thoroughly . I know I sure did n't get it from the book . If cryptic meaning , having to read other books so you understand the book you 're reading , and spending months slogging through a book is what your looking for in a read , by all means tackle Ulysses . Should we have to labor so hard to enjoy a book ? I do n't think so . The unique language and wordplay stand out above the rest of the white noise fray making this book redeemable , like a 783 page poem with no plot , if you can imagine enduring something like that.Maybe Joyce , from an Irish heaven , 70 year later is having the last laugh , as the intellectual world hails his `` playing around '' as THE modern masterpiece . Maybe it takes an English Literary Doctorate and many years to get enjoyment out of this book . I do n't have either though , so the enjoyment was n't there . Joy is the reason I read . I did n't find it with Ulysses .
 Every time there 's a verb of speaking and a colon , this kindle ebook simply omits what follows . Somebody must 've been in a big hurry .
 I loved Don Quixote , still the greatest of novels . -LRB- 6 stars ! -RRB- I loved The Brothers Karamazov , the greatest work of the greatest novelist who ever lived . -LRB- 5 stars -RRB- For sheer reading pleasure Crime and Punishment beats anything I have ever come across . -LRB- 5 stars -RRB- I enjoyed War and Peace , though to me it was a bit dated and didactic and not nearly as convincing and satisfying as DQ , BK or CP . -LRB- 4 stars -RRB- But for some reason after three tries I ca n't get past page 20 of Ulysses . I find it boring , mannered and well nigh incomprehensible . If it was n't for the fact that so many learned people say it is a masterpiece I would say Joyce is a fraud . -LRB- I read Potrait of the Artist as a Young Man but did n't think it very enjoyable or profound . -RRB- Why is it that I can enjoy so many other classic novels yet find Ulysses so repulsive ?
 The really awful side effect of Kindle is that we are subjected to terrible editions . There 's to business model , so the public domain books are only available as prepared by amateurs . In this edition the verse is missing , which ruins even the first chapter . Perhaps unlike most readers , I 'd happily pay $ 10 for a properly edited edition of any classic , but the option seems only available for recent translations.Don ' t buy this edition !
 A couple of months ago I wrote a review -LRB- below -RRB- of a very specific edition of Ulysses -LRB- the Modern Library hardcover version -RRB- complaining that the relevant Amazon page contained descriptive material misidentifying which version of the text the book contained -LRB- an important matter in this case , as anyone familiar with the Ulysses Wars will recognize ! -RRB- . Now I realize that the problem with Amazon 's description of books with multiple editions -LRB- like Ulysses -RRB- goes far deeper than I initially realized , as my review seems to have been attached by Amazon to all sorts of different versions of Ulysses , rather than just the page for the specific edition I had set out to review . In fact , you really can not tell from the Amazon page for a book like Ulysses which version is being discussed . So , be warned that Amazon 's modus operandi can create sheer confusion for works that are published in multiple -LRB- varying -RRB- editions!My original review of Modern Library edition : Amazon 's current webpage description creates the misleading impression that this -LRB- Modern Library hardcover -RRB- is the text as `` corrected ' by Gabler in the 1980s . However , the cover of the book seems to be clear that this is in fact the 1961 verson of the text . Gabler 's edition has some supporters but also some vehement critics . I would just suggest that those planning to invest in a copy of the book take at least a brief look at accounts of the controversy to decide which edition they might prefer . In any case , let 's at least try to be clear about which is which !
 This book is a struggle . I do n't know where it 's going and ca n't decide if I want to be there at the finnish .
 Hello All , I selected this partially based on the statement that this edition was annotated and had images . I am reading this on my Android based tablet and I can find no annotations or images of any kind . Am I missing something or was the description of the edition in error ?
 This edition is missing full sentences and wo n't make sense . If you 've never read the book before , you 'll be very confused .
 Joyce defeats his purpose by making this book impossible for a reasonably well-educated reader possessed of a reasonably decent vocabulary to get through without having to reach for the dictionary every other sentence , causing the reader to break his rhythm and disrupting the author 's stream-of-consciousness narrative . And Joyce 's vocabulary is n't merely extensive , its obscure and often so archaic that most dictionaries weighing fewer than 20 lbs . do n't contain the words he uses . Unless you 're young , if you do n't read a book sentence by sentence , understanding the meaning of most every word , you are n't really reading or absorbing it , and its a waste of time , which is sad , because Ulysses has been such an influential work . But ultimately who cares ? I 'm coming to the unfortunate conclusion that the work of almost every member of the Lost Generation is failing to stand the test of time . Its one thing to read these icons in your early 20s ; its another when you 're approaching 50 . As you get older , you realize Fitzgerald 's and Hemingway 's novels are terribly dated ; Gertrude Stein 's theories about writing are infinitely more interesting than her writing itself ; and guys like Dos Passos are irrelevant . Now Joyce . Like Pound , he 's interesting in the abstract , I guess . And I imagine that , years from now , apart from Portrait of the Artist and Dubliners , such will be his only legacy .
 uggghhhh , after nine months i finally finished this rambling , incoherent string of words.i took this book on because i 'm reading the 100 best books of the 20th century -LRB- as defined by the modern library -RRB- . i had read about 20 already before taking on this ` project ' . so why not start at number 1 ? big mistake.when i bought it , i had no idea what it was about , and i actually became excited when i heard that it loosely followed the odyssey . was i ever disappointed . this book just kept rambling and rambling . 2/3rds of the way through i still did n't know what was going.the only reason i know anything about this book -LRB- even after finishing it -RRB- was because i went on the internet and found ` ulysses for dummies ' - a cartoon depiction of the book . my suggestion , save yourself 9 months and read ` ulysses for dummies ` whoever listed this as number 1 was smoking too much crack - since i ca n't afford a nine-month crack habit , i guess i 'll never be able to truly appreciate it .
 Camus wrote -- in `` The Plague , '' I believe -- something to the effect that if one really wanted to comprehend every moment 's passing , he or she should spend the whole of his or her life in lines waiting for theatre tickets . The point which Monsieur Camus was trying to communicate , I think , is that we should be somewhat happy for the passing of our lives , for it is when we are engaged in the most miseable of chores that we are most aware of time 's pasage.I must conclude that Camus never read Joyce , for I am certain that if he had , he would have substituted `` reading Joyce 's Ulysses '' for `` waiting in line for theatre tickets . '' This incoherent , gratuitously allusive , over-long monster of a novel is what English majors have canonized to prove to Engineers that they 're smart too -LRB- and I write that as a not-too-bright Poli Sci major myself -RRB- . In the interests of full disclosure , I admit that I have a special hate of this book
 It was later said when Joyce was dead and buried that he had confessed to a close friend that `` Uylsses '' was a completely fabricated joke that he used to get revenge at the world with . He was drunk most of the time he had put pen to paper and he threw so much of the text out that its suprising that most people hold this pretentious amateurish work as the greatest novel of the last one hundred years . The prose is vague , uninspiring and chatoic , there is no plot line what-so-ever , it 's just a meandering stream of undelicate and unsophisticated garble from a minor artist .
 I do n't believe that every book should be everything to everyone . It 's not possible to be so . But I do believe that every novel should have one element that , when said , comes across to the intelligensia as superficial and silly . Nevertheless , I believe every single novel MUST contain this element . And what is this mysterious element?Fun.What !!!!!????? A novel must be Fun !?!? Blasphemy , to be sure , but even the most heady topics must be entertaining to read , enjoyable to read , fun to read . If not , the author has failed . Failed . Failed . Yes , even Failed.If the great selling point of a novel is `` I finally got through it , '' the author has failed . Find me one person who has both
 I had to read this -LRB- years ago -RRB- because I took English as a minor when I was an undergraduate . I cringe at the memory and the heated discussion I had with the professor -LRB- a Joyce fanatic -RRB- . Now as a librarian I decided to give it another attmept , trying to keep an open mind . I have to give Joyce points for being clever and kudos for verbosity . After struggling through it again , I had to ask myself what was the point ? Most of the book strikes me as an attempt by the author to show how very clever he was with word play and analogy and practically every other literary devise under the sun.To me as a reader , literature requires something more than an exercise in erudition or diction . I may be in a distinct minority here , but I still dislike Joyce for inflicting such a circus upon readers .
 Not being an English Literature major , nor an avid reader , I nevertheless decided to read the entire top 100 novels . I would start with the top novel , Ulysses . In that fashion , of reading the best novel first , I could excite myself , that is to kickstart myself , into reading quality material . Prior to this adventure , I mostly focused on the books I could understand , like calculus or structural engineering . Ulysses is far more complex than those references.To ask
 Its a classic literature . Just try not to read this on an iPhone . You 'll get bored pretty soon and this book wo n't get the attention that it truly deserves .
 It took a little too long to get the item . I had to have this for class . I hated the book ! : -LRB-
 There are few books that could actually change your life , as in change the way you view artistic creativity , and Ulysses is one of them ; reason being because Ulysses is the bible for modern writers in its unparalleld absorption of culture and human folly . Typically , this novel is a university favourite as there is so much to discuss , unravel and admire.I do n't see how anybody can say that Ulysses is their favourite read . Like all of Joyce 's works it is not particularly warm and , for me , was n't a work to inspire and enflame the spirit . As you all know , or should know , Ulysses is the most important fictional text of the 20th century and that in itself makes it worthwhile to the patient reader .
 The book came promptly , but the condition was not `` very good `` as described . It also is paged differently from other Ulysses books used in my course . This makes it difficult to find sections that the class is discussing .
 I was so disspointed with this book considering i read and enoyied Dubliners and Portrait of a Artist as a Young Man and it is on alot of best books of all time list . The reason i liked Joyce 's previous work is that both are not too long , he was a good writer and i am against the catholic church so any book that critizes it is okay with me . With his other books you really did not mind the parts when nothing really happens and his heavy prose style . But trying to read Ulysses is such a chore you end up scratching your head and having to read passages over and over again untill you get it . I gave up after after 300 pages and just went to -LSB- ... -RSB- to read the study guide instead .
 Having gotten through `` Portrait of the Artist '' and `` Dubliners , '' I can now say James Joyce has to be the most arrogant , overrated author EVER . For someone with so clearly a gift for language , he lacked one important thing
 Despite its lofty status as a revered icon of English literature , one only has to fight through a dozen or so pages to reach the painfully obivious conclusion that Ulysses is , in fact , unreadable gibberish.The book has no plot , no dramatic arc , no message , a -LRB- literally -RRB- pedestrian structure , and sentences constructed by means of a random walk through the dictionary as well as through Dublin , Ireland . It has no discernable central thought . No one can tell you what the book is about , for it is about nothing . But wait , perhaps there is an underlying theme , albeit one well hidden.Remember the fable of the Emperor 's new clothes ? Guillible courtiers were induced to beleive that a charlatan tailor had sewn garments for the Emperor that only suitably refined folk could see . In reality , there was nothing there at all . Jame Joyce and generations of literary sycophants have convinced impressionable students that Ulysses is a worthy read.When the uninitiaed find the text incoherent , this failure is chalked up to insufficient literary maturity . It ca n't be the fault of the book 's alcohol-addled author . `` Press on , '' the professors say , `` Ulysses ' gloss will be revealed if only one perseveres past the many opaque chapters , thus developing the right sensitivities . `` However , looking longer at this nonsense only reveals the glaring absense of rational content and the transparent emptiness . The self-indulgent Emperor Joyce has no clothes.The most damming indictment of this over-wrought tome is the fact that it is impossible to find ten people who have actually finished it . Ulysses is one of those books that everyone has heard of , but no one has read . Hence the market for Ulysses crib cards for use at cocktail parties by poseurs with literary pretensions or by guys with dates with English Lit chicks whom they are trying to bed . Perhaps Ulysses has some tactical utility after all , as an example of inverse Chick Lit.One supposes that the stream-of-consciousness descriptions of nose picking , masturbation , and sex broke ground for serious literature when published in the 1920 's . Joyce deserves some credit for expanding the gross horizons of writing , but today 's target audiences find those subjects ordinary and routine . This taboo-breaking history is hardly sufficient reason to examine Ulysses now . To be timeless literature , a book must speak to fundamental truths about ourselves.But what , if anything , does Ulysses tell us about the human condition ? I suggest its plot-free message is one Joyce did n't , or could n't , intend . That is ; to trust one 's educated common sense . If , to you , a book walks like a duck , looks like a duck , and sounds like a duck , then it was most likely written by a quack.If this stream-of-consciousness genre appeals to you , for a much better read get anything by Hunter S. Thompson . Dr. Gonzo 's book will be more coherent , make more sense , and will be better crafted . And , your eyes wo n't glaze over after ten pages , as they will with Ulysses .
 Considered such a masterpiece - I HAD to read it . What a waste of time ... First - the language
 Clearly , Joyce 's work is a tour de force , an everyman 's epic day hidden in grand literary style . The langauge varies from beautiful to impenetrable , with allusions galore . The themes were shocking in 1922 , and portrayed in all of life 's gory detail . But is it worth it?The time involved in reading -LRB- let alone understanding -RRB- this book is enormous , easily on the order of fifty hours . What does this steep admission price buy ? Simply put , not enough . Their are a multitude of insights one can draw from Bloom 's day , but their are none that are n't easier to gleen from other writings . The language , while beautiful at times , does not justify the investment , in my opinion . For a passionate lover of English langauge and literature , this book may be for you . But for the everyday reader , who reads for simpler pleasures and knowledge , you will probably get little out of this book but the right to say ` Yes , I have read Ulysses , Yes ! '
 This being my first time reading Joyce , I did n't really know what to expect . After reading for a day or two , I found that it was too scattered and hard to follow . I do n't think it would be right for me to say that I would n't recommend it to anyone , because I think it is worth a try . I might come back to it in a few years , but right now it just is n't exactly my cup of tea .
 This is one of those novels that in actuality heralded the end of the novel as it was known -LRB- and still is for those of us who still enjoy a story for story 's sake , and by that I mean all the ingredients -RRB- . I first attempted to read this during my days in the army since I 'd heard so much about it . But it was n't until college that I was able to read this book and make sense of it -LRB- spent a whole semester doing so in a course by a superb professor -RRB- . But let 's get back to the novel . Told a single day , the tale of Leopold Bloom is one that was unprecedented in its time . So much flap followed this book 's publication in Europe that it took a ruling from our supreme court here in the states to allow the publication of Ulysses in America . The story , by Joyce 's own admission , is modeled after Homer 's Odyssey . Joyce himself admitted to , and I paraphrase here , including so many `` enigmas and puzzles '' he would keep scholars busy for years and solidify his own immortality . So much for being a humble writer . Of course , one might argue that no writer , by the very act of writing , can exercise humility.Ulysses , since it was first serialized in a mag back in 1922 , has always been more about people celebrating Joyce 's supposed genius rather than about the book itself . It is , for the most part , a very poorly written book with prose , when the author is busy playing the old `` look at how clever I am with wordcraft '' game , is rather dull and empty.Considered the modernist book of the ages , I recommend reading it first in a structured environment like a college classroom ; even if you have to audit the class -LRB- maybe you can find a Joyce class at your local college -RRB- . And if you ca n't do that it 's best to hunker down withUlysses Annotated
 Ulysses is an experiment in style - not in content , not in entertainment , not in anything but style . As a student , you have to read it -LRB- like Shakespeare of course - but he 's slightly better -RRB- . And every book that you HAVE to read is already suspicious . Why is it a ` must ' ? Because if you would not be forced , you would n't read it?So true because this is a waste of space . How wonderful such space can be used , other longer books like ` The Lord of the Rings ' , ` Dune ' or ` Catch-22 ' prove . They aim for entertainment , for fun , for joy in reading and all the same , they deliver perfect writing and characterisation . Now what is wrong with entertainment ? Nothing ! Even the bible wants to entertain - but Joyce is of course above such unnoble things like ` fun ' or ` entertainment ' . He 's into style . And that 's what he delivers : Dry , boring and self-satisfied style . He might be a good writer but he should have used ` Ulysses ' as a starting point , as a construct in which he could fill a story . There are passages where his style is fantastic - short , journalistic style , the one I always use , the one I like . But these are LINES in a book of hundreds of pages ... now if that is not a waste , I do n't know what is .
 I challenge any so-called critic to read Ulysses out loud , in an auditorum full of listeners and explain , page by page , without notes or the extensive annotations available , just what each and every sentence and word means . Those effetes who proclaim this the greatest novel of all time are kidding themselves and us . It is n't . The fact that JJ state , in writing , that he had loaded up his novel with so much foreign words , obtuse references and effermeral meanings to keep academics busy for years say it all . The fact that he had to provide a schema to his closest readers also says volumes . And HE CHANGED that schema more than once . So , obviously JJ himself did n't understand what he meant ! Nice book for literature students and prof.s to OOO and AAAH about , but the fact is it is boring to the nth degree and simply not up or even close to anything by Tolstoy or Dostoyevsky or any number of other competent writers . Some time in the future it will become one of the least read novels of all time ... perhaps then folks will start to take a more realistic view of what JJ really achieved .
 You ca n't understand this book without a study guide . That fact alone should be enough to scare you away . One reviewer asks why a reader should have to work so hard to understand a novel and it is a good question , in my opinion . I think that a work of art which is not self-explanatory but which demands an additional volume and commentators in order to comprehend it is a failure . I heard one professor suggest that we should all take three years out of our lives to go through this book and to appreciate it fully . Yeah , right . I have never been too keen about anyone who thinks they know what I `` should '' do with my life . There are far too many other great and rewarding pleasures available to me in my life which are more easily accessible for me to waste my time deciphering what looks like the work of a schizophrenic . The modernist conceit is that Joyce and other non-linear novelists have captured the actual mental processes of man 's daily life . Perhaps if you need medication and are plagued by mania , yes . My mental processes are not a mad jumble and I do not see how anyone with a professional occupation could function if this were true . It simply is n't so . There is a famous sex scene in this book where the mental thoughts of the individual coming to climax fills many pages . I asked around and no one I know thinks about anything while climaxing except for a sexual fantasy . Totally unrealistic .
 Woolf was right . Joyce was obsessed with being , hm , obscure . I have read every book he wrote -LRB- not that many -RRB- and studied him at length . It has not helped . I can not admire anyone who thinks we should have to work so hard to figure out what he was talking about . Normal people ca n't enjoy Joyce and I think this is a travesty . For all the hard work I had to do to figure out what he was talking about , I did not get one moment 's enjoyment . Down with pretentious male modernists who feel we should all spend our lives `` working '' to unveil the `` true meaning '' in their words . For all you Joyceans out there who like to mock the `` commoners '' for not `` getting '' Joyce , I am working on a PhD in English -- and I `` get '' him just fine , thank you . And I nonetheless refuse to give in to the pressure to like him . Brilliant as he may have been , he was full of himself . In my mind , these two qualities alone -LRB- brilliance and arrogance -RRB- should not get anyone 's novels on the must-read lists .
 Perhaps the worst book I have ever read . It is a blasphemy that it ever was published . Its only function is to keep blinkered academics busy trying to wring another drop of meaning from a text already exhausted from analysis.A brief glance through it is enough to confirm that it is precisely the novel you would write if you wanted to become a celebrated author but hated writing , hated readers , and wanted to punish academics . This monstrosity of hideous prose confirms that Joyce had no style and certainly no class . The novel can rightly be blamed for being the originator of the misguided notion that the squalor-and-filth quotient of a story is directly proportional to its artistic merit.The very least one might ask of a book is that it be readable . With this is mind , Ulysses , ludicrously canonised as the greatest of all novels , is a failure in the most fundamental respect . It is the only book I can think of where the reader deserves more credit for finishing it than the author . In the words of a * real * writer -LRB- H. L. Mencken -RRB-
 I knew there was going to be trouble when I picked up the book in a St Louis airport book store and someone said something about me being a glutton for punishment . On the declaration of its being the greatest book of the 20th century , I had to see what the fuss was all about . And I still wonder , 167 pages or so later . Usually after about a hundred pages I can sort of get the `` gist '' of a document , and I will admit to not having a degree in literature or Irish studies . From all the praise , I am wondering if I have a defect in my brain . But I will admit , I do n't get it . If this is supposed to be some mental time capsule , a masterful expose of stream-of-consciousness , then fine . Must be an acquired taste . Back to the Archie comic books I guess .
 There is nothing intellectually challenging about this book . Instead , it is a cruel insult to the intelligence of any thinking person who tries to read it . Even the people who do n't `` get it , '' and feel compelled to give this miserable piece of trash 5-star ratings let some of its true character seep through.In the 5-star reviews alone , we see
 I 've tried to read this book many times , and I never get beyond 50 pages . Why reads this ?
 I read somewhere that this book has been termed the greatest book of 20th century in American History . I absolutely have no clue why . I think its just a hype.This book is very dry in prose and its hard to keep reading for more than 10 minutes . For me its one of the most soporific books - it makes me doze off in a few minutes in the middle of insomnia .
 This is a LITERARY gem ! The PERFECT novel ! However , I do have one beef with all the erudite scholars out there who chose this book as the greatest novel of the 20th century . Close , but no cigar . I think that honor deserves to go to Finnegan 's Wake by the same author ; however , with that said , I do believe this DEEPLY PROFOUND work deserves a ranking at number 2 . But , hey ! That 's not too bad considering all the novels that have been written since the beginning of time . Ah , yes ! ... Stream of consciousness ... . SSSUUUCCCCCCEEESSSSSSFFFUUULLLLLLYYY RRREEENNNDDDEEERRREEEDDD by the GENIUS of James Joyce ! How anyone can pan this novel baffles the ENLIGHTENED mind ! Such BRILLIANCE ! Such ART ! Such a way of WEAVING words with woven grace ! INTRICATELY structured and a testament to the GREATNESS of the English language ! Check out the passage below , but I warn you ... I almost guarantee that you 'll be slapping this MASTERPIECE on your visa : `` Stephen 's nose droppings flicked bugger across room . Red-faced angry but crunching sounds of disgruntled nuns . Skipping bugger under dress . Squeak ! Squeak ! How goes it , sister ? Lift cherry face to sky and twinkle . `` Okay ... Go ahead ... Get the visa out or mastercard ... come on ... you know you want to ! ... Seriously , I 'm envious that you 're about to embark on such an adventure as reading Ulysses for the first time ! Stream ahead ! ...
 First of all I tried to like and understand this book.I have read 200 pages of something that is really boring because some people kept on claiming that it is brilliant . At the moment I do n't find it nessesary to read it any furder.But here are the conclussions I have made.Why this book is interresting : - The stream of consience idea is great , really . I love it.-I also love the idea that he descided to write about some of the things no sensibele writter would have ever written about . Like how Bloom went to the toilet or mastrubated.Why this book is a load of crap : - Way to long -LRB- I have nothing against long books and I have read quite a lot of books and I love Homer , Dante , Shakespear , Milton , Orwell , Huxley , Poe , Bulgakov , Plato , Swift , Nietzsche , Dickens , Asimov and many more so I do know a bit about litterature -RRB- this book should have ended whit the third chapter.-It lacks a plot . I am not saying that there has to be a overlingly complicated story behind it but it should have some directionlines.-The languege . Joyce seems to want to point out the whole time how good he knows English and that is very irretating.-It has no real meaning . I know that people have looked for one but all they have come up whit where some things like it is an epic of the body -LRB- well describing how someone goes to the toilet could hardly be discrived as epic . The also spoke about the complex intriging monologs and the praise of the mind -LRB- well the just say a lot of things and never seem to be able to think in a straigt line for longer than 3 min . And finally the the so cold new light that Joyce shines on myths . The mostly bring up Odysseus whit this one . Well people seek for Odysseus in this book because Joyce told them to do so.-Almost anybody could have written this book.I would also like to point out that when it was released all the people who love this book now -LRB- writters and proffesors -RRB- hatted this book . If it had never ben forbidden it would have just been forgotten like it perhaps should.I would like also to say that I did n't stopt reading tis book because it was to difficult but because it was borring . For after all I have read Paradise lost in the orriginal and I do find it difficulter to read that this one.Perhaps it is just so difficult to read because it is borring has anyone thought about that ? -LRB- Excuse me for my English . -RRB-
 How could a book like Ulysses ever have made it to print ? The grammar is so disjointed as to make it nearly impossible to read . Additionally , the point-of-view and writing style change in nearly every chapter after the sixth . It should also be mentioned that the story is not very well paced . The book is well over 600 pages long , but the events in the story appear to take place over the course of just a single day.I have heard numerous people praise this book , but that would seem to be largely posturing because the story is lost under the weight of inadequate editing .
 ULYSSES is so boring and ridiculous in its pedantism !
 This is one of those books that `` smart '' people like to `` read . '' Well if being smart means liking this , count me out ! I do n't know if it 's modern , post-modern or what
 Thi ' got to be the worst , I - I - I mean the worst ever written book ever . Know why ? 'Cause he ' such a showoff , know what I MEAN ? He 's ingenious I 'll giv ' 'em that , but ingenuity my friends tire and enervate . Get to the point and stick to it 's my motto . The best part of the book is without a question the scene with Bloom , Gerty McDowell and company , but once you 've figured it out you 've figured it out .
 What an awful book this is?When an English/American writer try to explain his/her ideas about life -LRB- I mention ideas about meaning , purpose and philosophy of life -RRB- and when he/she try to do this with complicated ideas and long sentences -LRB- or like very short ones especially in this particular book -RRB- ; what his/her work become to is : A tremendous nonsense !!! When you see a book like that I mentioned above -LRB- and I also warn you against it -RRB- , all you need to do is : RUN , RUN , RUN AWAY !!! NOTE : My ideas about English/American writers does n't concern Shakespeare .
 First , please disregard the star rating . I had to choose something , but in this case , it 's meaningless.I read Portrait of the Artist in college and found it absolutely wonderful . It influenced me to change my major and , to a degree , my life . I was sure then , as I am now , that Joyce is one of the greatest writers I have ever read . I therefore tried to read Ulysses several times , including just recently , and each time hit a wall after a few dozen pages . My most recent attempt was assisted by an extrinsic aid that summarized the chapters and elucidated some of the obscure references . I was determined to make a go of it ; I pictured myself wallowing in a warm bath of self-satisfaction at having completed the book , and being able to mention to others -LRB- casually , of course -RRB- that I 'd read it.I failed.I have read my share of stylistically difficult novels , and consider myself reasonably well educated . I could doubtless plow through the book with gritted teeth , determined not to let it get the better of me , but life 's too short . I surely ca n't say it is n't a great work of literature -LRB- particularly since I 've made barely a dent in it -RRB- , but I would venture to say that you should not even try it unless you are prepared either to devote a few months of close study , with reference materials , or to miss eighty percent of what the author was trying to say and do . I can also say that I think it unlikely that you will genuinely enjoy the book unless you derive inherent satisfaction from conquering a difficult task , or are a scholar of literature of this genre.Not a beach book .
 The Simon & Brown Edition is a poorly laid out version of the novel . It appears as if a print on demand -LRB- POD -RRB- publisher hastily assembled the book from Project Gutenburg or some other public domain source . There are inexplicable spaces between lines and paragraphs , the dialogue is bulleted and has no quotation marks , the page numbers are all on the bottom left of the page , etc. . Overall an amateurish attempt . I am returning this version today .
 I have read Ulysses a number times and purchased this edition for portability . While the product description indicates the edition is based on the 1984 Gabler edition , the Kindle edition includes a number of errors not present in that text . The company appears to have done a poor job copy editing the final Kindle text . There are a number of typographical errors . Also , in many cases numbers are rendered as letters and visa versa , particularly in the final episode . As Joyce often did not use conventional punctuation , it will be difficult for you to identify them unless you have previously read the book.If you are reading Ulysses for the first time or for school or study , you should avoid this edition . Its low price makes this edition is useful for casual re-reading .
 Very disappointed with this Kindle edition ! No announced annotations , no comments , no links or images ... For a book like Ulysses totally unacceptable ... Is it a cheat ? Want my small money back ! -LRB- For info
 Ulysses is one of my very favorite books . Even though I 've read the novel many times , I 'm not qualified to compare this new edition to its predecessors
 -LRB- This was written in response to the Gabler edition of the text , but the website has it crossposted to all editions of _ Ulysses _ . So ignore this unless you 're looking at the page for the Gabler `` Corrected Text '' edition . -RRB- This is a review not of Joyce 's masterpiece but of the Gabler edition . Gabler 's `` corrected text '' is an appalling defacement of a classic book ; it should not be used . For an excellent account of Gabler 's edition -- of the legal reasons for its extensive modifications of the text , of the dubious textual methods employed , of the subsequent scholarly controversy -- read Bruce Arnold 's excellent little book _ The Scandal of Ulysses _ . Joyce 's book has now twice in recent years been messed around with by dubiously-motivated editors -- more recently , the `` Reader 's Edition '' that was the subject of a wrangle in court to suppress it -- which is an absurd indignity to be visited on one of the touchstones of 20th-century fiction .
 Probably every avid reader feels compelled at some time in life to read `` Ulysses '' , especially as it was voted the best work of fiction of the 20th century at the turn of this millenium.The style of writing throughout the book is usually referred to as `` stream of consciousness '' . This method has been subsequently employed in other works such as `` To The Lighthouse '' and `` The sound and the Fury '' . However , in my opinion , these latter two works used the style much more succesfully than Joyce.If you are currently reading `` Ulysses '' at the moment , expect a very patchy book . The second half is , in general , better than the first half , with the two penultimate chapters `` Cabman 's shelter '' and `` Ithaca '' standing out from the rest . After that , the description of birth in `` Oxen in the sun '' is also excellent , as is the part dsecribing Paddy Dignam 's funeral early in the book . As to the rest of the book , I believe there is little to recommend it.Opinion tends to be polarized about `` Ulysses '' . Its severest critics suggest that it is only praised by those who are scared to be criticized for not understanding the book , a sort of `` emperor 's new clothes '' scenario . There is , however , more than a grain of truth in this opinion . It does seem incredible that a book with so much `` padding '' could be so highly thought of . It might have made a very good book of around 200 pages , but one does have the sensation that Joyce is taking his readers for a ride in many parts . -LRB- Of course , his ultimate send up of his readers was `` Finnegan 's Wake '' ! -RRB- . Furthermore , the much lauded sense of humour is overblown . At best , this is a mildly amusing book with one or two laugh out loud lines . To label it as `` very funny '' is pretentiousness itself . Most of the humour is also of the `` toilet '' variety.On the positive side , there are some interesting passages as mentioned above . However , the main interest lies in seeing this new attempt at a style of writing , and to try to fathom out why this book has become the `` darling '' of the -LRB- maybe `` so-called '' -RRB- intellectuals . If you want to see a better example of joyce 's talents , try `` Potrait Of The Artist As A Young Man '' , or even `` The Dubliners '' .
 Who published this ? There are no characters in the entire book who would look anything like the characters on this cover ! Most of the action takes place in a newspaper office , in a bed room , in a Martello tower , and at a funeral . Most people are dressed in jackets and ties , not torn shirts , and certainly no one smiles as dumb as these jokers . The looks of this book are a disgrace to the author .
 There are no notes in this book . It 's just a copy of the text . Please title appropriately . That is all .
 I do n't get how this book can be considered the best ever . I am a good reader and I found it almost impossible to read . The sentences -LRB- if they can even be called sentences -RRB- are all convoluted and then it breaks out in play format-what the hell is up with that ? I 'm sure it has tons of allegorical layers but whats the good of that when you ca n't tell what the hell is even going on.It seems that for a book to be considered great it has to have layers of meanings hidden that are very hard to figure out . But I 'm sure that half of these `` great '' books are written with a meaning intended by the author and then the critics and readers assume that there is some great meaning behind everything so they make up something just to make sure they do n't look stupid . These made up themes are then told to people who tell others and so on.Over all not worth the reading !
 Tried many times to read the book , thought maybe this would be better . It is n't . Nice package , though , and it will make a great doorstop .
 The author kept getting bogged down in details instead of moving the storyline along , because we do n't need to know everything about the characters , just enough to keep reading until the climax of the story ; if you compare it with something like the Hunt for Red October you 'll see what I mean , there the author knows to advance the plot and does n't waste his time and ours . Here there is way too much information when all the reader wants is to solve the plot and find out what happens . I expected it to be a lot more fast-paced because of the reputation.Also , where was the editor ? A book should n't be hard to read but there were run-on sentences and bad grammar in some places .
 There is one great line in this book : `` History is a nightmare from which I am trying to awake . `` Unfortunately , the rest of it is unintelligible , tedious bunk . Save your time and energy for something like ' 1984 ' by George Orwell , a REAL twentieth century classic .
 Dear readers , let me propose to you a simple test . Below are three quotes from Ulysses by James Joyce , and a fourth written by a computer program with no human editing , merely random words strung together without sense . You tell me which is which :1 . Slowly I dream of flying . I observe turnpikes and streets studded with bushes . Coldly my soaring widens my awareness . To guide myself I determinedly start to kill my pleasure during the time that hours and miliseconds pass away . Aid me in this and soaring is formidable , do not and singing is unhinged .2 . Sinbad the Sailor and Tinbad the Tailor and Jinbad the Jailer and Whinbad the Whaler and Ninbad the Nailer and Finbad the Failer and Binbad the Bailer and Pinbad the Pailer and Minbad the Mailer and Hinbad the Hailer and Rinbad the Railer and Dinbad the Kailer and Vinbad the Quailer and Linbad the Yailer and Xinbad the Phthailer .3 . Pat is a waiter who waits while you wait . Hee hee hee hee . He waits while you wait . Hee hee . A waiter is he . Hee hee hee hee . He waits while you wait . While you wait if you wait he will wait while you wait . Hee hee hee hee . Hoh . Wait while you wait .4 . yes I think he made them a bit firmer sucking them like that so long be made me thirsty t1tties he calls them I had to laugh yes this one anyhow stiff the n1pple gets for the least thing Ill get him to keep that up and Ill take those eggs beaten up with marsala fatten them out for him what are all those veins and things curious the way its made 2 the same in case of twins theyre supposed to represent beauty placed up there like those statues in the museum one of them pretending to hide it with her hand are they so beautiful of course compared with what a man looks like with his two bags full and his other thing hanging down out of him or sticking up at you like a hatrack no wonder they hide it with a cabbageleaf * -LRB- It should be noted that this is the third time I have posted a review containing a quote from the book
 I would never understand why this novel was on the very top of the Modern Library 's 100 best novels of all time , on the `` Board 's List '' , no less . I guess it is there because some authority had once said that it was the best . And once done , nobody dares to contradict the edict , for if you disagree , you are just not seeing the greatness the experts are able to see . The same way all `` educated '' opinions say that Munch 's Scream and Picasso 's Guernica were great art , that Citizen Kane was the best movie ever made , or that the Emperor 's new clothes were most beautiful !
 I bought this having been a huge fan of the cartoon series , but Mr Joyce has taken a winning formula and produced a prize turkey . After 20 pages not only had Ulysses failed to even board his spaceship , but I had no idea at all what on earth was going on . Verdict
 While I think the Gabler edition of Ulysses is great , if you are looking to buy a new copy of it , please beware ! In a class I taught , many students ' books contained a considerable misprint in which 15 pages of episode 13 are reprinted in episode 14 -LRB- and 15 pages are missing from episode 14 -RRB- . The binding on recent printings is so poorly constructed , that within 4 weeks of class , 3/4 of my class 's editions fell apart into a dozen clumps of roughly 50 pages each . We contacted the publisher , but Vintage customer service was indifferent to our problems . My own copy , from 1986 , is still in one piece after years of use . If you want this edition -LRB- which I still recommend -RRB- , try an older printing . Vintage 's indifference to its own shoddy book production is unprofessional and inexcuasble . I 'm posting this review Oct 2005 , so I hope this warning will not be necessary at a future date .
 I picked this up for a group read of Ulysses . I figured it would be convenient to have it on the computer so I could look up all the references I did n't understand , and the price was certainly right . Unfortunately , as I came to realize , this edition of the book is missing pieces of text . I probably would n't have noticed this , except that when I googled one of the references that I did n't get , I came up with a preview of a book called Ulysses Annotated , which describes in detail the meaning of all the references . As I read , I noticed that in several places there were references noted that I had n't seen in the text . Finally , I got annoyed and googled the exact line that preceded an area of missing text , and found that some lines of verse had been omitted from my edition of the book . It 's a shame , since I was enjoying the clear formatting and the ease of use that the Kindle edition was giving me , but since it 's not really a book that I want to spend money on , I guess I 'll be giving Project Gutenberg 's version a try .
 The eBook is missing text . I also have a print edition , but I wanted a copy I could read on my phone when i had the time . The part I noticed is missing is the Ballad of Joking Jesus . It 's probably missing other text as well .
 Richard Ellman in his biography of the famous Dublin-born sponge , points out that Joyce was once asked why he was taking 12 years to write what would become Ulysses . Joyce was living in Europe , hitting up friends , relatives , and would be patrons for money as he masturbated away his talent right in front of the poor , half-wit woman he married . `` Because , '' he answered , `` I ca n't think of anything else to do . '' That about sums up why this book in truth is an eruption of verbal flatulence , a screech in the literary void by a man who was not capable of doing what lesser writers could
 I was excited to see this as a free Kindle download . However it is missing a lot of text -LRB- starting at page one -RRB- and I ended up deleting it . It 's hard to complain too much when it 's free however I never would have downloaded it in the first place had I known it was edited by amamzon.com
 Substituting capitalization for italics is unacceptable . Also , multiline verses are collapsed into one unbroken line .
 Unfortunately , the first edition of * Ulysses * to be published in Dublin is not the edition of this book which anyone should read first . Danis Rose 's decisions to normalize punctuation and spelling , to make intrusions into Joyce 's prose on the basis of his own criteria of syntactic and semantic coherence rather than on textual evidence , and to re-insert apostrophes into Penelope -LRB- although he prints an alternate version of the chapter in an appendix -RRB- are only barely justifiable in terms of his own theory of editing -- and entirely alien to the `` normal '' practices of scholarly textual critics . This is quite a shame , because some of Rose 's work on the manuscript evidence -LRB- as it is described in his introduction , quite interesting in itself -RRB- might potentially be of great importance to the textual study of * Ulysses * . Without an apparatus criticus , however , no one can tell for sure . Although -LRB- as Rose himself points out -RRB- there is and can be no absolutely `` definitive '' * Ulysses * , there are better places to start . Read Hans Walter Gabler 's 1984 edition , keeping in mind its limitations -LRB- or , if you want a student 's edition with good notes in the volume , use the reprint of the 1922 first edition , edited by Jeri Johnson for OUP , taking care to check out some of the more important alternate readings in Gabler 's text -RRB- . For those interested , a forthcoming issue of * James Joyce Quarterly * will include extensive discussion of Rose 's edition and its merits .
 Last December I purchased a copy of this book published by Wilder Publications ... It was a horrible copy in that it did n't have chapter breaks at all , and had many typo 's and horrible spacing . In a way , it made an already difficult book to read even more difficult.This version of the book I purchased can be found here : UlyssesDoes this version I bought not seem a lot like this one here?Notice the similar covers ? The text is exactly the same , only rearranged . That and the fact that this new publisher Unabridged Books is fairly new , which at the time of this writing is not even a MONTH old , leads me to believe that they are perhaps connected . Tell me , anyone who has purchased this version , it is n't printed out of Lexington , Kentucky , is it?You should not purchase this version , not if you actually want to try and understand this book . If you plan on using outside materials to further guide you , then this book should be ignored , because the lack of chapter annotations will make it rather difficult to follow along .
 I read a number of reviews pointing out that significant bits of text are missing from this edition , and often the reply is made that the present volume is probably based on the Project Gutenberg edition , and the text is probably missing from the Project Gutenberg edition as well.Well , I looked . In the first section Buck Mulligan chants in a `` happy foolish voice '' -- I 'm the queerest young fellow that ever you heard.My mother 's a jew , my father 's a bird.With Joseph the joiner I can not agree.So here 's to disciples and Calvary.The text is in the P.G. edition , but is missing from the Kindle edition offered here . Amazon should remove this edition , it is a corrupt text falsely advertised as complete .
 Yes , ULYSSES is a mainstay of college literature . Yes , the book is a worthy literary endeavor . But for those who are not brutally devoted to the endless pursuit of mind-numbing genius , ULYSSES is tiresome , tedious , and passe . The appeal of reading the mind wanderings of a pasty , weak pseudo-intellectual grows stale after the first dozen pages . For those enterprising readers such as myself who feel guilty dumping a Joyce work after only a chapter , read on . It gets worse . Confession
 Yes , `` Ulysses , '' we are told , is a work of genius ; yes , it is multi-faceted and pregnant with meaning ; true , it may even be a compendium of all Western Culture since Homer . But , let 's be honest
 The problem with this audio book is that the sound is not balanced . The dialogue comes through loud and the right after dialogue the reader 's words are so soft that it 's difficult to hear . This audio book is not easily listened to even in a quiet car .
 Joyce 's later works are aimed at that type of person who likes to theorize about the forms of `` art '' endlessly , without ever being able to point to any meaningful specifics this type of thing may have . In fact , much like the splatter-painting of Jackson Pollock , or the black-on-black canvases of Ad Reinhardt , or the silent compositions of John Cage , or the cut-ups of Wm. Burroughs or the pop lyrics of Bob Dylan , Ulysses has no real meaning at all -- and that is its secret to success . When an artist has something important to say , he -LRB- or she -RRB- expresses himself with as much clarity as possible , just as a person who is shouting `` fire '' or `` wake up '' would . When he has little or nothing to say , he writes or paints or plays either right-brain stream-of-consciousness gobbledygook and calls it `` metaphor '' or `` exploring the unconscious '' , or presents minimalist nothing at all and calls it `` conceptual '' . He can then sit back for decades and watch the pseudointellectuals and tenured humanities professors invent endless meanings where there are none , whereas books that contain any clarity will slip into obscurity , since their meanings are obvious and leave the masters -LRB- and doctors -RRB- of hot air nothing to debate . Ulyssess is the all-time champion of this sort of thing ; while many of modern art 's similar hoaxes have long since been relegated to the proverbial dustbin , Joyce 's obvious genius for manipulating words keeps this thing at the top of the charts among those influenced by academic pretense . The fact that those words are all surface and communciate not one idea of any significance to anyone is a something of a shame for serious people -LRB- who might waste time seeking them here , due to its reputation -RRB- , but an absolute goldmine for the people who like to write glorified term papers about this glorified crossword puzzle and its like . At least the more general reading public has never been swayed by such frauds , preferring mere entertainments like Lord of the Rings -- which indeed have more going for them , on any level , than anything Joyce and his kind have ever done .
 This rating reflects the quality of the edition , not the work itself . There were many points in the text where letters where smudged , only half printed , covered by blots of ink , or otherwise rendered indistinguishable .
 There is often much talk about how to best `` get '' this book . Many will suggest various commentaries , some will suggest several `` deep '' reads.The best way to come to understand this book , its place in the history of literature , and the excessive praise it has earned in its reviews is to read one simple fable
 With _ Ulysses _ , Joyce truly showed the world what a elitist egotist he was . Unfortunately , too many academics were entranced by occasional flourishes of vivid imagery to see this sham for what it was -LRB- and is -RRB-
 I requested Ulises , Spanish version , which was advertised.Instead , I got an old English version for the price of the Spanish one.I contacted the seller and s/he never had the courtesy of getting back to me . I will never buy from this seller again .
 I performed a search for the 100 greatest novels and checked Ulysses out at the library . I 'm sorry , but thank God for western `` Progress '' and the `` New '' English . '' ... To tell you the God 's truth , I think -LSB- I 'm -RSB- right . '' If you 're going to read this book , that 's one thing . But , if you 're going to understand it . . at all , you might want to have Ozzie Osbourne or The Naked Chef on hand who actually speak in this unintelligible , out-dated , even obsolete , Olde English archaic style . Trust me . '' ... You could n't manage it under three pints -LSB- by yourself -RSB- '' Better yet , consult one of the `` experts '' who voted this `` thing '' number one , and who must have about two inches of dust between their ears , or Great Granny 's Cyclops glasses on . I 'm convinced if J.J. were alive today , he would be just another `` obscene '' English rock star speaking the `` Ulysses '' dialect '' ... Lal the ral the ra The rocky road to Dublin . '' Say ... what ? Aye Mate . . Ha Ha . . It do n't mattaw . '' ... Riddle me , riddle me , randy ro . '' Yeah Baby ! I suffered through part of this extremely borish book and I 'll probably suffer through to the end ; and then , not the `` experts '' Howard 's End , after that . Personally , I most enjoy the books that clearly communicate , that clearly speak something , and that make me want to turn to the next page . There are classics like that , but this ai n't one of them old chap . '' ... Stephen raised the sheets in his hand . Well sir , he began . I forsee ... that you will not remain here very long at this work . '' Exactly Stephen . . Where 's Ozzie ? '' ... Houyhnhnm , horsenostrilled . The oval equine faces . '' Oh , thanks Bro . Now it makes sense .
 Is n't about time someone stood up and spoke out about this book ? Sure James Joyce was a writer of some talent as shown by his early short stories and his Portrait of an Artist as a Young Man . But this book?When he wrote it Joyce was in the hands of the European artistic progressives . They had rejected the notion of contest in favor of form . That is hypnotized by that arch braggart Wagner they accepted the delusion that art must continually progress and change form . When he wrote art generally was subject to continual change in style . Picassos went through his various periods , French Art struggled through Impressionism , Cubism and so on.James Joyce moving in those circles felt that he had to reject the form and grammar of his predecessors . That is he had to reject the way of writing which made Dickens , Eliot , Austin and Conrad the giants of literature that they were . What in fact is wrong with the use of grammar and the English Language . It has given us masterpieces such as Shakespeare , Milton and Wordsworth.With Ulysses you can see a novel peeking out from behind the obscure language . Joyce 's talent was such that even he could not write something absolutely bad but what a tragedy that such a dud ideology could destroy the work of so potentially gifted a writer.You know its true .
 Ulysses is the sorriest excuse for a novel I have ever come across ; do n't waste your time . I 'm all for challenging reads , but not for gibberish which academics persist in labeling erudition . I find absolutely nothing redeeming about this book , but those who enjoy taxing their brains to ridiculous measures ; drawing -LRB- more than likely inaccurate -RRB- conclusions from an incomprehensible conglomeration of words ; and imposing meaning where none exists because few things in the text will limit whatever perspective they want to take are welcome to it .
 I 'm an avid reader , who almost always finishes a book no matter how long or badly written but this one , I decided life was to short . This book is extremely dull !!! My book club decided to read this book after one of the members visited the James Joyce tower in Ireland , which the author supposedly wrote part of the book in . We also had noted that the book was on top 100 books of the century etc. . All of us decided the only reason this book could be recommended is because Joyce introduced a new form of writing called `` stream of consisiousness '' . This style of writing basically goes into the character 's mind and portray 's his/her thoughts . This style at least in this book is very very had to follow , if no narrative is given in between characters thoughts by the author . But to top it all off , the book is boring to say the least , we decided unanimously to stop reading the book and some of us had already read 1/2 the book , myself included by sheer doggedness .
 You should n't have to be a literary expert to enjoy a novel . Why anyone would say this is the best novel of the 20th century is beyond me . Joyce seems to have many different themes going and breaks new literary ground in this lengthy novel - but why all in one work ? This book is extremely difficult to read , to say the least.This book has so much innuendo and hidden meanings that it makes your head spin ! What 's with all the foreign languages ? A novel should be enjoyable and not so much a study guide . A blind man can see that -LRB- `` tap tap tap tap '' -RRB- . What book would you wish upon your worst enemy?Ulysses by James Joyce in any form.Ghost of William ShakespeareFriends , Romans , Countrymen - lend me your annotated copy of Ulysses!Maybe Im being too hard on the book but I dont think so I will give it another shot in a few years with a copy of cliff notes in my hand but I dont think it will help very much can you read this you should check out the last chapter of this utterly pretentious socalled novel by the way dont tell reviewers of this or any book that they are inexperienced you shouldnt have to go to Joyce 101 to understand a novel I wish I could give no stars
 Is n't it about time that people were honest about this book ? It is a work of its time rather than anything of lasting interest.We all know the background , at the turn of the century the art world was a kaleidoscope of new ideas and trends . In art there was C&eacute;zanne , Seurat , and Picasso . In music Scriabin was experimenting with the melding of music and light.Artists were experimenting with form rather than looking at content . Sometimes these experiments worked other times they led to a dead end and were forgotten.Ulysses is an experimental novel , one that uses the form of stream of consciousness . The form is at the expense of its readability and clarity . What happened with Joyce 's experiment , it limped through Finegan 's Wake which is so impenetrable it barely rates as a puzzle and died . Ulysses as an experimental art form is a dead end , and with good reason.The sorts of things that made and make literature great are the sorts of things that Joyce rejects with his experiments in form . Literature is related to the content rather than the empty vessel of form.This of course is not to say that Joyce was without talent . It is just a shame to see that his talent was wasted as he became immersed with the fashions of the time .
 In my opinion the only chapters worth reading are chapters 12 , 13 , 14 and 15 . My biggest complaint about this book is that most of the chapters were boring . Chapter 2 shows an ostrich walk cycle , chapter 6 shows fighting skunks and chapter 8 shows a talking grave . I prefer `` Flash 5 Cartooning '' and `` Flash Cartoon Animation
 The book is boring . Perhaps Brokaw is trying to pat himself and others of his age on the back . As young men they fought in WWII - they did not lead it . Their track record as leaders is debatable . As President 's go , it seems unlikely that Kennedy , JOhnson , Nixon , Carter , Ford or Bush -LRB- HW -RRB- will ever be highly rated . Reagan was outstanding so give them a point.Internationally the did not solve the issues of the Mid-East or Northern Ireland . Science marched on but the pace did not change.Even if you except his conclusion , the book is not compelling . TV journalists do well in 60 second , heavily edited snippets . This book did not engage for much more than that.I am glad I borrowed it .
 In the very first chapter the motion picture frame of war coverage on the Roer river in Germany , it shows the dates 1942-1943 , but the invasion of Europe never happend until June 1944 . Please explain .
 Worse even than the nonsense Brokow prattles on the television . Unconscionable slop served up to a generation who should have the wits to know when they 're being pandered to .
 This book is like a scab . It 's an awful book ; one of the worst books I 've read . But for some bizzarre reason , I 'm compelled to keep reading it . Maybe I 'm just in a massochistic mood.The writer has enough word skill to actually tell a story , but it 's not written well . She makes the # 1 mistake of fantasy writers , thinking that `` Fantasy '' does not require realism or sense . There are a lot of logical gaps , contradictions , and unclarities in the details of the world , culture , and characters , and these do n't read like the author is being clever or mysterious . She copies too many bad fantasy cliches , while failing to present her own inventions in a convincing manner -LRB- example
 I found and purchased this book because I was interested in writing a fantasy novel and wanted to see how other fantasy novelists wove their storylines . Maybe I 'm being picky , but I found far too many parallels with this book to that of the Lord Of The Ring series by JRR Tolkien . In Tolkien , Bilbo and Frodo were the Ring-bearers ; in this novel , the pig was the Key-bearer . And in Tolkien , Gandalf rode a fast horse known as Shadowfax ; in this novel there was an almost identical character with a very similar name also . There were several other times while reading it that I found parallels too close to Tolkien to be merely coincidental . But enough about that . As a whole , the novel was very shallow and predictable . I did n't find it challenging in the least -LRB- as I did when I read the Tolkien fantasy novels ... or others like Neverwhere -RRB- . I gave it two stars for the simple fact that it was easy to follow and I was able to read it quickly . But it left me feeling empty .
 Sadly , this book spends more time being funny than it does offering sound advice and instructions for actual home maintenance . If I had bought it for entertainment purposes , it would have been great , but I got it to help me care for my home ... something it does n't do .
 The disparity between the contents of this book and its title may be judged by comparing a comment on the back cover with a section of the main text : Back cover : `` Rakoff - who was intended by McGoohan to play a key role in the scripting of future episodes - now reveals how the series could have developed , then and now . `` Main text -LRB- p. 176 , col. 1 -RRB- `` McGoohan 's promise that I 'd have four episodes in the next tranche of the series was perhaps not seriously meant . It was probably only a well-meaning apology for having abandoned me in order to be free to go to Hollywood . `` In order to get this book in perspective you need to take full note of the subtitle - `` radical television and film in the 1960s '' . An even more accurate subtitle would have been `` Ian Rakoff , an autobiographical account of how I came to England and worked on a few films , and served as assistant editor on a couple of episodes of ` The Prisoner ' , during the 1960s '' . As Rakoff himself admits , he came `` in at the tail end of things '' -LRB- p23 -RRB- as far as the making and editing of The Prisoner was concerned , and apart from a few brief and highly uncommunicative meetings with McGoohan , whatever he -LRB- Rakoff -RRB- knew about the series was gossip and hearsay.His version of the nature of the original ` Rover ' , for example , is clearly not from personal experience , and conflicts with evidence that there really was a blue VW ` beetle ' with flashing light.He also suggests , for no good reason , that production manager Bernard Williams came up with the idea of using weather balloons ; which does n't tally with the more widespread report that McGoohan fortuitously spotted a weather balloon in flight and gave Williams the task turning this into a practical replacement for the VW bug.Not surprisingly , then , even that section of the main text that deals with the TV series -LRB- pages 23-100 -RRB- consists almost entirely of vague anecdotes that are more likely to be of interest to film and TV technicians than to fans of the TV series . Nor is this section of the book entirely given over to items related to the making of The Prisoner , but regularly wanders off into pure autobiography , as in Chapters 5 and 7 , for example.Having said all that , it might seem that Rakoff is still a key witness as regards the concepts and philosophy behind the TV series . After all , he did work as a writer on the series , did n't he?Well yes , sort of . It turns out that Rakoff wrote the basic story for the episode ` Living in Harmony ' - but had very little to do with the final script . Indeed , on viewing the initial screening he comments : `` For a moment I could n't believe I 'd written any of what I was seeing . It seemed familiar but from somewhere far away and long ago . Dialogues struck chords . '' -LRB- p. 98 -RRB- The fact is that Rakoff based his own story on material in Gene Autrey -LRB- cowboy -RRB- comics of the 1950s . It 's relevance to the central themes of The Prisoner was , -LRB- given his very limited time on the project -RRB- , almost entirely co-incidental . And the episode as it was filmed and screened , owed nearly everything to series producer David Tomblin - who is credited as producer , scriptwriter and director on this particular episode.In short , if you 're keen to lay your hands on ` anything ' that relates to The Prisoner then you 'll pobaby want to own this book as well.If , however , you 're looking for material that provides genuine insights into this most enigmatic of all TV series then there are far better ways of spending your money .
 A very deceptive title . Ian Rakoff worked on only a few episodes and his accounts are limited to a few encounters with McGoohan and trivial gossip around the show . The book should 've been titled `` Ian Rakoff
 First and foremost , this is not a book with new insights into the series . Nor does it shed new light on the series and its meaning . Rather , this book is more of a snapshot of the era in which the series was made , from the perspective of a writer and filmmaker whose greatest involvement in the series was being the writer for an early draft of the episode , `` Living In Harmony . `` Instead , the author , Ian Rakoff , writes extensively of his own filmmaking experience , from his anti-aparthied experiences in South Africa -LRB- of which he refers to frequently -RRB- , his brushes with notable radical filmmakers , to his involvement in ` leftist ' films and other projects , such as The Prisoner.For fans of The Prisoner , his few interactions with Patrick McGoohan are the most interesting . In these few passages , the reader is treated to Rakoff 's perception of the actor/producer , both from production rumors to actual interactions , and how McGoohan appeared to be affected by the troubled production of the series . But before more can be digested of the possible impact on the development of the show , Rakoff wanders off on his own personal and professional development as a filmmaker in 60 's Europe.While the author often returns to the development of his episode script , he is more interested in revealing the radical filmmaking culture that The Prisoner eventually became a flagship for . And this is where the book finds its value ; not for his association with the show.It is fascinating to read about the variety of people that were involved in the show , the different kind media culture that bred the type of filmmaking at that time , and what impact , if any , these same people may have had in the show 's development , or demise.For students of the development of radical filmmaking , this is a fine companion book . For fans of The Prisoner who must have it all , look for it used and refer instead to the more interesting Appendices and the Episode Summaries . All other fans might want to look elsewhere.NB
 Reasons not to read this book : - it 's out of date-75 % of the book is nothing more than a summary/overview ofexisting reits . Basically book stuffin ' - one can obtain the above info from nareit.com and companyprofiles from yahoo or other sites-15 % of it is the history of reits ... nice to know but does n'thelp me pick the best reits-10 % is some basic accounting terminology and a vague senseof what to look for in picking out a reit to invest in . Ialready had this information from my web readings.For someone with absouletly no knowledge of reitsor even investing I guess this would be a ok starting point.just my two cents ...
 This book has the potential to make a strong case about the moral dilemma of American society , however , it is very poorly written . The argument is very unclear , and at times , it seems like the authors are merely presenting the facts instead of making a case . It has some good points and a good objective , but it this objective is poorly supported .
 It 's quite interesting in that is shows what makes the people of this nation tick , by looking at their traditions and examining their ideologies . It addresses the breakdown of traditional communities and human interactions . But the conclusions this book comes to should be quite horrifying to any RATIONAL Joe . The tone of the book is that we are all social animals that live , interact ... . and work together in a community based on responsibility to care for others . It is true that we are social animals and that recently people have grown cold to each other ... but the solution is not to enslave people with some `` inherent responsibility '' to others . The book 's states that we will only become `` human by accepting our essential poverty as a GIFT , and to share our material wealth with those in need . '' ... this is the most anti-American book I 've read which tries to fix the social climate in the most horrifying ways . This is SOCIALISM disguised as a Traditional American Way of Life .
 I think Steve Seim 's review is excellent . The book is a famous statement of an editorial point of view , namely the communitarian claim that individualism has led to the incoherence of Americans ' religious and moral claims . But like so many books , the authors dissemble to pretend they 're scientifically reporting objective news rather than a kind of editorial . In this sense , the book is not substantially different from the kind of pseudo-science we 've come to expect from sociologists , who , after conducting some interviews and handing out some loaded surveys , tell us `` what 's really going on '' with the `` modern American woman '' or `` Generation X '' or , in this case , the `` modern -LSB- misguided -RSB- liberal American . '' I , for one , view such work as social criticism vital to our society , and it makes thoughtful reading , but it is not scientific , and I wish we could get beyond this need to justify such claims with `` scientific '' surveys.Considering this book represents more a kind of punditry than research , despite its claims , please consider reading the most famous response to the book , the chapters from Jeffrey Stout 's `` Ethics After Babel '' devoted to the book . Stout , in one instance , close-reads one of the interviews , in which a guy is asked what 's important to him , and whenever he talks about `` being good '' and `` being honest , '' the interviewers grill him `` but why ? but why ? '' until after many replies relating to maturing and learning from his experience , he finally says something like `` it benefits me to live a life of honesty '' so the authors end the interview and conclude he 's a rabid individualist whose only basis for his ethics is egocentric utilitarianism . They did not , for example , explore whether he has a rather rich concept of personal honor , or even a sense of Stoic maturity , either of which seems a more accurate way of describing his answers up to the point they choose to end on . Either alternative reflects a vocabulary of long standing moral traditions , which would contradict the authors ' claims - ala Alisdair MacIntyre -- that modern liberal Americans have no such vocabulary . In fact , I find it rather hilarious that they use this subject as the quintessential amoral individualist , since communitarian founding father Aristotle says repeatedly throughout the Ethics that living a life of virtue must benefit the individual , for to say the opposite would be akin to saying that giving a plant sunshine does n't benefit the plant . Of course this connection of virtue and human benefit is problematized in other ethical systems , but , still , it 's funny to me that Arisotle could be characterized as lacking a moral framework because he connects living virtuously with personal benefit.In any case , reading both this book and Stout , you 're in a good position to come to your own conclusions .
 The author of this `` essay '' -- her word -- on Louise Bourgeois ' `` Spider '' admits to suffering from a `` major dissatisfaction with much...art-writing , '' and proposes , from her special vantage `` as a literary specialist trained in close reading '' to offer something more `` exciting '' for the reader 's consideration . She assures us that her offering is `` unassuming '' yet a `` crucial contribution to the traditions of art-writing . '' She is too modest . Her `` cruciality '' -- a word I created for the exclusivity of the author , and have every confidence she 'll take for her own -- lies rather in formalistic diction , technical jargon and inadvertent humor . The following two brief passages may illustrate all three of the crucial-like categories
 I think that this book has some very good aspects if you like your books watered down . Fox oversimplifies the `` helping process '' and in each chapter he likes to state the same thing in 5 different ways and call it his own . Fox also assumes that this framework will work for every population of people , and for this I think he fails to address cultural differences as well as marginalized populations .
 This book does a decent job at describing the theories of music and its effect on character in Plato , Aristotle , Rousseau and Nietzsche . But it does so in a rather long-winded way . I found myself constantly saying ` ok , I get it ! ' as the author repeated themselves and spelled out their point yet again . I also found the author 's habit of referring to Plato and Aristotle as ` the ancients ' rather annoying . He repeats ` the ancients ' so many times , he ends up sounding like a toothless old nun endlessly repeating the Ave Maria . I love Plato and Aristotle as much as the next man -LRB- probably more -RRB- , but just repeating their name like a mantra is not a substitute for rational argument.I was hoping the author would speak more about modern music , pop and rock and roll , and its place in modern politics - after all , the book is called ` All Shook Up ' . This only comes right at the end of the book , and it 's clear the author has no familiarity at all with pop music . He never analyses a particular song or a particular artist , while he 's happy to make sweeping comments about the music 's crassness and barbarism , based on articles he has read in the news . That is ignorance masquerading as informed contempt.The author is right that modern political theory foolishly ignores the impact of music on our souls . But piously intoning ` the ancients ' while showing an ignorance of the popular music you 're criticising just makes you sound like a fuddy-duddy and is unlikely to win you many readers -LRB- least of all many young readers -RRB- . And his solutions to the ` virus ' of pop music are non-existent . Or rather , he says , the solution is to ` turn to the ancients ' . What do you mean ? Put Socrates to music ? Finally , he ends the book with the worst sentence ever
 As a former classical music critic writer for The Washington Post , I feel that that poorly paid gig should at least give me some cred , as they say , or used to say in the pop music world , when talking about the world of music . Speaking of cred , one of the greatest seekers of it , as I am sure most people will recall from high school , is the nerdy guy who wants to be cool in some way . So he hatches a secret plan to use his smarts to get in good in the field of the cool types , like the ones who listen , and presumably hump , to the hottest music . Maybe the author here Carson Holloway , was a cool jock in high school , or one of the few nerds to befriend the QB and his buds . But I bet not . So I am betting that this book is a sort of remembrance of things past , or past traumas , namely in the world of hazy high school memories . For that is about the only explanation I can come up with for the thing . How else would you explain someone who seriously is discussing Eminen and Kanye West with Plato and Aristotle ? I know he gives an uber-nerd rationale for the thing , but at some point one just wants to laugh . What 's next , Britney Spears and Hans Vaihinger ?? The whole premise of the thing is delusional and forced . The phenomenon of music for the ancients , which is definitely a very fascinating topic in itself , bears almost no real resemblance to what music is today . One does n't need disquisition on plectra compared to electric guitars to see this . Only the vast qualities of mass consumer culture and instant communication in society are needed to assess it . And if one is not satisfied with that , then think alone of the Volume ! -LRB- It now goes to `` eleven '' as they said in the genius movie Spinal Tap -RRB- Frankly , it is so different that one would more rationally and profitably compare ancient philosophy 's view on war and aggression to modern music than to the very rarified matter of what they meant by music at that time.Further , Holloway 's tendency to give an simple textbook analysis of the matter is particularly troubling because he has chosen such a broad bailiwick . He bears down on the famous notion of Plato 's that music is a form of mimesis , or as he says , is `` imitative '' . But then , even though he is citing the Republic , he forgets to historically contextualize this in terms of Plato 's exact metaphysical implications . Since for Plato any notion of mimesis generally is linked with his metaphysical conception , which was later in the medieval era to be called a Realist perspective , `` imitation '' in fact has some unavoidably negative implications seen in the Ancient context . It is the tendency to give a Polyanna-ish reading of ancient `` idealism '' that allows such analyzes as Holloway 's to be both technically correct , in a high school culture course sort of way , and ultimately silly in an serious conceptual sense . Plato 's view of the Republic was , as many serious scholars on the right and the left have argued , not a perfect society per se , -LRB- perhaps fantasized by conservatives today for their special communities in Florida , with names like Trinity -RRB- . No Plato 's notion was , if brilliant , also grim and , by our standards , decidedly non-funtastic . But one should n't need such close criticisms to critique this book . Just the idea of Eminem and Plato in the same sentence should do for any reasonable real music lover . As someone who was proudly non-cool in high school because I loved Mozart above all others , I think Mr. Holloway , just is hopelessly trying to avoid being thrown against the lockers.A more reasonable and informed view of music in our time could developed on the idea of reviving quality per se . This is an involved topic . So involved that I wo n't go into here . But at the very least it involves accepting the idea that most ages do NOT produce anything of interest when it comes to arts generally , and music in particular . This is what unjaundiced arts history teaches . So we are definitely not dealing with important expressions of anything whatsoever , negatively or positively . Pop music is about as important an expression of anything as a McD 's Quarter Pounder is of food aesthetics . To analyze it absurd . To palliate it rationally is , perhaps , reasonable . But the nerdy desire to analyze it , on mammoth display in Holloway 's book , and to use a love-hate critique of pop music and popularity generally to smuggle in his right-wing views about culture generally is just pointless . And fie on people like this for being so pointless . Case closed .
 Despite the many references to more prestigous thinkers such as Plato , Aristotle , etc. , Halloway 's assertions concerning popular music are shockingly simplistic . Though he clearly approaches his subject from a political and cultural standpoint , the uneasy connection he attempts to forge between the physics of music and human response , and the resultant cultural fallout , demands a more rigorous grounding in physics , psychology , biology , and/or math for his argument to even begin to seem plausible . Once Halloway 's focus moved beyond lyrics to actual harmonic structures , establishing a causal connection between music -LRB- even the sort he laughably terms `` pornographic pop '' -RRB- and `` destructive behavior '' required more than simply paraphrasing Plato , or quoting some Nietzsche to succeed . Not only does he avoid a comparative analysis between disciplines , but Halloway limits his studies to the classics of western civilization . There is an entire world of music out there , each unique form entwined with an equally unique culture . Certainly there must be some insight to be gleaned from it somewhere . Perhaps he did , in fact , research other discplines , and/or other genres of music , but found them inconvenient to his arguments . Indeed , in some of his more athletic leaps of reasoning , Halloway 's conservative slip begins to show . Frankly , this book proved to be the sort of conservative pseudo-intellectualism I 'd expect from the likes of Rush Limbaugh , but with a better bibliography . In the book 's favor , I can say that it is quite readable , with a clear , if somewhat plain narrative voice . If only the logic employed were equally as clear .
 Holloway 's academic scholarship serves as the thinest possible veil for an unmistakable and troubling piece of conservative moralizing . Marshalling the evidence of Plato , Aristotle , and a curious admixture of modern social science research , Holloway argues that the influence of contemporary popular music -LRB- or as he rather tellingly refers to it in several place , `` pornographic pop '' -RRB- on the character of young listeners has dangerous political implications . His insistence that it is not just lyrics but , as Plato and Aristotle acknowledge , the very rhythms , meters , and harmonic structures of music that can lay hold of and inflame youthful passions leaves him with no alternative but to condemn pop music in its totality . Indeed , one gets the impression that the only thing preventing Holloway from supporting outright consorship of pop music is his grudging acknowledgment that the First Amendment would likely render any such attempt unconstitutional . Of course , Holloway nowhere explains what it is about the rhythms and harmonic structures of pop music that make them puerile and vulgar , and the fact that he also neglects to explain precisely what he means by `` pop music '' serves to extend the potential range of vilified music to a rather disturbing degree . In addition to his questionable conclusions , Holloway bases his argument on frequently one-dimensional interpretations of Plato , Aristotle , Rousseau , and Nietzsche -LRB- his interpretation of Plato , for example , is based almost exclusively on Books 3 , 4 , and 9 of the Republic and a brief passage from the Laws -RRB- , and it often seems as if he has allowed his ideological commitments to determine the direction and findings of his research . Readers looking for yet another neo-Struassian volley in America 's culture wars might want to pick this volume up . However , those readers interested in work that seriously engages the complexities , problems , and promises of the relationship between music and politics might wish to look elsewhere .
 ... and then goes downhill from there . Moore needs to look up the definition of conspiracy
 This book does not prove Oswald killed JFK . Moore skips all of Oswald 's childhood and activities prior to the assassination . He constantly bashes the critics , to a point where enough is enough . His act is tiring . He does do admirable work with the medical evidence and the zapurder film , but if you are looking for a book that proves Oswald is guilty , buy Case Closed by Gerald Posner , this book proves nothing .
 It 's been awhile since I read Moore 's book , which I did not find particularly enlightening or convincing , especially his analysis of the shooting of JFK and Connally . The only reason I am adding this review is to criticize the author -LRB- or publisher -RRB- for having the audacity to to refer to CONSPIRACY OF ONE -LRB- a nonsensical title -RRB- as `` The Definitive Book on the Kennedy Assassination '' . I have read many books on the subject since the mid-1980s , and would not consider any one book `` the definitive book '' on the subject -LRB- by the way , the assassination should be properly referred to as `` the JFK Assassination '' to distinguish it from the assassination of his brother , RFK , which is also a subject of much -RRB- . controversy -RRB- . Whoever would agree to the use of the word `` definitive '' as part of the title has a very high opinion of himself . I listened to Jim Moore speak in Dallas in 1991 shortly after his book came out , and he certainly did n't convince me that he had written the `` last word '' on the subject . By the way , whatever happened to him since then ?
 Poorman 's Posner ... and you know what 95 % of normal people think of HIM ! Avoid.Vince PalamaraSecret Service expert , History Channel , author of 2 books , in over 30 other author 's books , etc. .
 Great acronym by a self proclaimed smart guy . Too bad he ca n't see the evidence of the State Execution of John F. Kennedy which is as plain as the nose on one 's face.Fact
 Conspiracy of One offers a view of the JFK assassination without givng much information . While Mr. Moore shares his hypothesis in relation to the result of each shot fired in Dealy Plaze his major emphasis seemed to be in discrediting other writers and researchers who have put forth alternative scenarios . This , I found , was far too self-serving and moralistic.If you are looking at this book as a research tool it falls short . Footnotes are sparse ; lacking in detail , and there is no attempt to cite source material . As a scholarly piece of writing , Conspiracy of One does not make the grade.While I give Mr. Moore credit for the discipline to write such a piece , his theory surrounding the JFK assassination would be much better suited to another medium such as a radio talk show program .
 I ' ll start with the simplest of facts . Jim Moore states that the U.S Army does not have a carbine to match the muzzle velocity of that of the Carcano . This is simply not true . The Caliber .30 M1903A4 Rifle is in fact a more powerful weapon.A little history
 It does not take much skill to catalog the various ills of our modern society , particularly the unhealthy influences of Madison Ave. and Hollywood . This book does a fine job summarizing today 's cultural pressures to spend and consume , to make more money and spend more time making it , all at the expnse of our families and personal sanity . Indeed , many books do the same thing ; pointing out what is wrong with our spend-spend-spend culture these days is like shooting fish in a barrel . The authors provide several good examples of folks who got caught up in the world of consumption , credit card debt and keeping up with the Jones 's . If you are looking for practical solutions for simplifying your life on an everyday , prectical level , however , this is not the book to read . As I feared they would , the authors rely almost exclusively on radical , unrealistic eco-solutions based upon environmental activism to recommend ways of living more simply . That might be OK for states , nations and communities to use , but for the individual looking for ways to cut back , relax , spend more time at home with loved ones , Affluenza is decidedly lacking . For folks trying to find realistic ways of not working so many hours and spending too much on possessions , the authors ' recommendations of not eating red meat and eliminating your annual vacation to the beach border on absurd . Even more absurd is the conclusion
 I had to read this book for summer reading for an AP Gov course . It was a dreadful experience . It was very difficult to force myself to read more than one chapter per sitting because of the book 's repetitiveness and dullness . If you actually want to read it , let me save you the time while I summarize it : - Spend more time hiking than working.-Don ' t get a well paying job , because it will make you miserable and you will undoubtedly go into dept.-take a low paying job , because life will be great . As long as you dont want to buy anything.-Don ' t buy material goods that make you happy.-Only nature and people make you happy.-Rich people , 90 % of the time are littering , stuck-up , scumbags.pack that into 250 pages , and there you go .
 Did you know that American 's use more than their fair share of the world 's resources ? That the eat an unhealthy diet ? That they drive big gas-guzzling cars ? Oh you did ? Well , then you might be able to skip this 270-page tome on the evils of the modern world.The cover was striking , the book jacket promised more about the ills of the modern wold than I could dream of finding . But the book seemed to ramble on without providing much in the way of help for us to break the shackles of the dreaded affluenza and move up to the next level of enlightenment.I found the name affluenza and the idea of it being a ` disease ' was cute . At First . That wore out pretty quick for me though . But not for the authors who carry the pun until the dreaded device is as fun as nails on a blackboard.The book had topics that spoke about people who quit or were laid off from high-paying jobs and suddenly found happiness when they made 1/3 or their old salary . It spoke of the joys that people who never spend more that 8,000 year had in comparison to corporate CEO 's . The book stops well short of explaining how we can do this in our own lives other than recommending websites and additional books to buy.I just did n't come away from this book with any great compelling ` must have ' knowledge that I think will change the world . I know that an SUV takes more gas than a Honda Civic . I know that there is a wide disparity between the rich and the poor and that it is only getting wider . I think that most people who would be tempted to read this book know that too.I suppose that this was what I disliked about the book . There was a mish-mashed collection of facts without any hope or plan to alleviate the problem . There was too much clowning around for the book to be a warning of things to come and way too little advice for it to be useful in my daily life .
 OK , here 's the problem with this book and similar tomes recommended within
 unfortuanately if you are this interested in this book , you are the choir . and its sermon is long and reads like a broken record . we get that you stole a clever title `` affluenza '' and made it into a book . every other word is some sort of reference back to that idea . it is like ADD in book format . clever titles aside , this book is full of unsupported facts that wreak of seemingly skewed information and is full of ideas you already belive in -LRB- malls suck , american personal debt is out of control thanks to credit cards , and SUVs are inefficient -RRB- . this book reads like an extended college paper - a long long list of vague facts that all center around the idea that we 're focused too much on money and products , but never present a clear message.i swear this book is written on a 6th grade reading level - with simple soundbyte facts , a repetitve overall analogy to the point where i feel dumbed down every time i see the thromometer at each neew chapter , and a general lack of depth further than any cursory internet search would yield.they say the book is always better than the movie . well this book proves that a book based on a TV show is exponentially worse .
 I dont know how many times I have read this same book
 Please , let me know if I should continue to wait for the book , or just order it else where . Thank you .
 Maybe I 'm just too far right on the political spectrum to continue reading this book , but the alarm bells started ringing when the author said this book appealed to all political persuasions.I brushed it off and continued reading . My interpretation of the author 's premise that we are going to consume so much that we are going to strip the earth bare if we do n't stop was this book was an indictment of our capitalist system and our insatiable desire to consume everything in sight.There is zero consideration given to the concept of economic productivity
 The good stuff is elsewhere -LRB- $ - > Rational -RRB- is the basic premise of this book . I would have to say that if you want an introduction to RUP then this is definitely that but no more . Do n't expect it to do more than familiarize you with the general concepts of RUP . Almost every chapter ends with which tools you should buy from Rational .
 There are some good ideas in the book . Overall its sales literature . I should be able to download it from Rational 's web site . I do n't recommend it unless you have full intentions of buying Rational 's developer products .
 While this book has received great reviews I must offer disagreement . As an experienced OO professional -LRB- I 've been working in OO practically since the beginning -RRB- the RUP leaves a lot to be desired.For one thing there is not nearly enough emphasis on requirements gathering and process engineering . For the most part the analysis aspect of RUP focuses on Use Case Scenarios . I feel that this is a major weakness . Use Case Scenarios focus on how user 's use the system , but does n't answer the question
 I used this book to pass the IBM RUP Certification V2003 exam and it was OK -LRB- 3 stars -RRB- for then.I 'm giving it 1 star now to warn would-be buyers that it is no longer useful for the latest IBM RUP Certification exam in 2009/2010 IBM have revised the RUP process considerably so lots of processes and terms are different now .
 It 's an introduction , all right . The trouble is , it 's such a high level introduction that there 's almost no useful information whatsoever . The entire time I was reading , I was waiting for the author to get to the meat , only to discover at the end that there was none . It was like ordering a double cheeseburger , and getting two buns with ketchup and a pickle , and no beef patties.I can only assume that Rational paid the author for his time in the hopes that people , after reading this book , would purchase their entire software suite just to find out what the RUP actually involves.Despite my severe disappointment -LRB- and relief that I did n't have to pay for it myself -RRB- , I ca n't rate it any lower than two stars . It 's well written , and it could quite possibly be useful to managers and other business types who have no idea how software development works . The second star is for Rational 's sheer chutzpah in getting a respected publisher to put out a $ 30 marketing pamphlet for them .
 Kruchten has written what amounts to an excellent summary of the main points of what is in many ways an alarmingly large list of costly books that present an over-worked , extremely detailed methodology that is said to be a reliable guide for software engineering and technical business management . The great virtue of Kruchten 's summary view is that it allows engineers and technical managers to see that much of what is offered as a guide for technology and business management is , in reality , little more than a sophistical reworking of the AI theory of the mid-1970 's . Such a summary has long been needed , and this book , for this reason , is a welcome sight.Kruchten has been an employee of Rational Software , so the implications of the summary view he offers are in some ways unexpected . The explanation may be that it is evident from the first that author maintains reservations about the methodology he describes . While skepticism reveals a level of realism -LRB- or perhaps cynicism -RRB- that is interesting , the general impression may be a bit discouraging . If one of the primary evangelists of a management method reveals skepticism toward the method , then what is to become of all those managers who have advocated paying all that money to educate their employees in the use of the method?The answer is , of course , to be expected . Pay equal or greater amounts of money to seek education in alternative methods -LRB- possibly marketed by the same vendor -RRB- . If this is , indeed , the action proposed , then any hint of skepticism ends up being a brave -LRB- if not offensive -RRB- gesture , to say the least , and it is understandable that it is not explicitly asserted.This book may represent what may be a significant crack in insular mysticism maintained by one of the major vendors of methodology in today 's technical sector . The fact revealed is simply this
 .
 When originally published , this decades old book had exercises dimensioned in inches only . When the authors decided to include some exercises with metric dimensions , they reused old drawings , converted the measurements from inches to millimeters , rounded off to one decimal place , and DID NOT CHECK FOR ACCURACY . Every chapter has exercises with inaccurately dimensioned drawings.My AutoCAD teacher has taught this class for 27 years . Years ago he wrote the authors with corrections . Nevertheless , each new edition reproduced the same errors . My instructor gave up trying to get the authors to correct their work.As an AutoCAD student , I find the sloppiness of this book appalling . Technical drafting requires a high degree of accuracy . The whole point of drafting is precision , whether you 're building a house , designing a chip , or modeling an object . This is like a color theory book published with only three out of the four colors necessary for full color.I paid a premium for the latest edition , the 13th . Do n't make the same mistake ! Try to find an old edition , published by the original Giesecke , with dimensions in inches only . As my teacher explained in disgust , every new edition costs a lot more for no additional value . The 13th edition has full color photographs , and for that I paid an extra $ 25 over the 12th . One of my classmates has a 5th edition with only line drawings , no photos , no color , but IT HAS ACCURATE DRAWINGS . It would probably cost a lot less than the $ 80 + I paid for the 13th edition , too .
 The book arrived on time and for that I have no problem , the shipping service worked great . My unhappyness results from the book not being complete . During a recent classroom session we were directed to turn to the appendix , imagine my dismay when the appendix was not in the book . A further review of the book revealed several of the photos were not present and in place of the photo `` FPO '' in place of the graphics .
 Steeple Hill is a Christian publisher . People who purchase their products are generally Christians looking to be entertained by fiction written by other Christians . Now , from church to church there can be differing interpretations of the Bible , but if someone just out and out does not believe what it says about things generally accepted by most Christian churches , then they may not be a Christian . -LSB- ... -RSB- Clearly this is a case of tares in the wheat .
 This has everything to do with the recent movie and nothing to do with the real book . The real book had messages that were really lost in the recent film , it was close to a modern day Gulliver 's Travels , raising questions about how we treat animals , our science and our society.This will no doubt be fairly close to the recent film , which is okay hokum . Excepting the massive holes in the plot of the recent movie ... How did horses arrive on the planet ? Where were the non-chimps on the station etc ?
 I was anxiously awaiting the arrival of this book as I facilitate marriage preparation workshops . ... I would agree that there are several pertinent questions asked , however many of the questions seem like they are ` space fillers ' . This along with a lot of spacing and extremely large font look like an unfortunate attempt to make a ` book ' ... out of something that could be written on 1-2 sheets of paper . Please do n't get me wrong , I strongly believe in couples preparing for their engagements and marriages , and I believe that couples should talk about many of the subjects listed in this book , I just do n't personally and professionally feel that this book is worth the money . There are many other relationship oriented books that would provide better guidance for couples as they get to know one another and prepare for their upcoming marriages .
 This is the worst book I 've read read on atheism . Katz 's conclusions are based on false premises and misinterpreted evidence . This book is a knee-jerk reaction to theism ; the very reaction that allows theists to easily dismiss the atheist standpoint . The arguments that Katz sets out to establish have been presented better by other writers , particularly George Smith . Save your time and money -- there are better books out there !
 This book is so poorly written that I would not even want to give it away . It is composed of scraps about unassociated subjects all the way to Islam , with no cohesive reasoning . A definite throw-away !
 Any book that starts out by stating that it is based on sound scholarship is , in my view , immediately suspect . That even a `` wah-wah '' publisher such as Prometheus would bother to print such drivel is entirely beyond me . It is , as another reviewer has stated , a pointless hodge-podge of at best minimally related subjects . The author 's views on various theological and Christian issues are laughable and based on the `` argument from outrage '' , i.e. , the idea that the God of the Bible does not exist because he is branded a moral monster . For example , he concludes that God effectively raped various women in the Bible , which is of course both utterly offensive and patently disprovable . This is a claim I have heard stated by atheists before , but I never thought I would actually see it in print . By the time I got through the first twenty pages or so I knew I wasting my time , and souring an otherwise perfectly good shrimp scampi . 1 star is too much for this garbage .
 This book is one of the worst books I 've ever read . None of the research from the Bible is even remotely close to the context it was written in . Can Katz even do a reasonable job at researching information ? It does n't even deserve one star .
 This is coming from a man who was given this book by a friend as a joke . I ca n't believe the whiners that show up as her case studies ! The author makes men seem so shallow `` what man would n't appreciate a beautiful wife by his side '' . What is that ?! As a man , I appreciate the woman who has stood by my side for 15 years . I appreciate her laughter , her anger , her spirit , her drive , and of course her love . I have been asked the age-old question many times `` Would you still love me when my looks fade ? '' My answer is from my heart and soul and it is always `` I will love you for who are , and what you will always mean to me . '' These simple heartfelt words are what my father had said to my mother , and they were together till they died . Marriage is not always perfect , but if you have someone who is as screwed up as the guys in this book , go out and find a real man . There are alot of them out there looking for a good woman . This book by no means , describes entire male population . There are `` Men who Do n't Leave '' , and `` Men who when they say I Do , mean it for the rest of their lives '' Just avoid the whiners , and the losers . Good Luck ! By the way , if you are one of those `` Men who Leave '' Grow-up ! You are the only one who you can blame your unhappiness on . Have the courage to stay and make it better ! Real men do n't run away . I do n't see that line anywhere in the book , but it needed it .
 I bought this book hoping it could help explain why my boyfriend , after 3 years , decided that he simply was `` unhappy '' and wanted to break up.I enjoyed some of Dr. Shoshanna 's other insights into communication but this book was way off for me . It seems like she took the extreme case scenarios when most of the time things and reasons are way more subtle . I could not relate my situation to any of the men or women in the book and if a lot of people can , then that is trully sad.I was with a man that was genuinly a great person and treated me well , always good to me , but had his own self esteem issues which permeated into the relationship . He had a difficult past and bad relationships that left him scared and i think unable to really commit for fear.Anyhow if your guy did you wrong , if you had a emotionally abusive relationship or if you were playing mind games with eachother this book is for you ! Otherwise you may need insights from a more subtle observationist
 I was n't looking for a book on why men leave ... but on the fear of commitment . I have enjoyed this author 's other book about Zen and falling in love ... and browsing the first pages intrigued me.I will never understand why anyone thinks this is just a masculine problem . I think that certain people , for whatever reason , value their own personal freedom above anything else , yet everyone , of course , would like to have a loving partner to go through life with . I wish this book had more insight into how TWO people like this , male , female ... whatever ... can find freedom within the confines of relationship .
 This book is clearly about the wrong subject and is misleading in its very concept . According to the book
 This new book arrived on time . My only problem was that I had to pay full retail price .
 I had to keep checking the front page to make sure this terrible book was by one of my favorite authors , Diana Palmer . Every character in this novel was one-dimensional , and the book was so dialogue heavy . It never SHOWED me what the characters were feeling , but only what they were saying . I love Diana Palmer but this book was such a dissapointment . I wanted to love it , but I did not care about whether the characters got together or whether they lived or died . This was one of the worst books I 've ever read . The only reason I finished it was to be fair to one of my favorite authors . Pass on this one ; it 's a waste of time . Try Palmer 's Lacy .
 Kit got fired from her job as Logan 's secretary two weeks ago because of comments she made about his fianc&eacute;e , Betsy . Kit knows that Betsy ruined a man , taking him for all he was worth and does n't want that to happen to Logan , the fact she 's in love with him does n't make her any more objective about the whole situation . Now Logan realizes how good he had it with Kit and wants her back , but she wants no part of it , and so begins a tale of malevolent children , wedding hungry men , sex obsessed bosses and white wedding virgins.I honestly ca n't begin to describe just how truly awful this book it . The plot is utterly ridiculous , the worst being Logan 's young cousin 's who kidnap , assault and vandalize the property of anyone brave enough to come on their property , while their father asks every woman he meets to marry him , to get someone to raise the children -LRB- read demons -RRB- , he ignores . Then there 's Logan , a MASSIVE jerk who does n't think there is anything wrong with sleeping with Kit while engaged to Betsy because he 's only marrying Betsy because she wo n't put out anyway . Once he finds out Kit loves him he uses her feelings to try to get her to sleep with him even thought she is a never been touched virgin , and he does n't even have a twinge of continuous about having an affair with her when he 's committed to someone else because it would n't be some cheap one night stand because he needs more time than that before he was ready to move on , Kit 's feelings be damned . Not to mention he kept an apartment just to screw women in and that was the only place he ever took Kit , yeah , real classy . And finally there 's Kit who is just about every spunky virgin heroine clich&eacute; combined into one annoying character.I am not what you would call a Diana Palmer fan but I have read a book or two by her before and they were fine , I did n't love them but I sure did n't hate them . This was a joke . The heroine is treated like crap by Logan , despite all their blow out fights , all he has to do is snap his fingers and she comes running to him.I ca n't even begin to describe how horrible this is . Maybe as some kind of spoof of a secretary/boss romance this would work but this is supposed to be serious . I 'm sorry but I just hated it .1 star .
 The Olsen Twins are going to sell . Anything with their likeness means big bucks . This is a silly story that is boring and not funny . To the good , it is suitable for family viewing . It still stinks , however . The Olsens are just cute kids who bring in big dollars on anything with their images .
 The author 's target audience seems to be salaried employees working unpaid overtime , who are overweight , out of shape , watch too much TV and get too little sleep . His solution to the unpaid overtime is to lie to your employer and coworkers about how much you work at home , use oversized containers to take work home so it looks like more , schedule outside appointments late in the dy so you can just go home , etc. . A lot of the book is aimed at helping people take better care of themselves and get their priorities in order , which I applaud . But that is n't what I was looking for in a time management book . I was looking for practical strategies for organizing my work and time , which it is thin on . It has some , and there are some very good ideas in there , but not really much more than a good magazine article .
 First off , I did n't care for the book . It did n't offer me the solutions I need to organize my time and space . I was n't all that surprised about that , having tried The Complete Idiot 's Guide to Getting Things Done , but I had them both and thought I 'd try them both.Second , I am * really * sick of coming to Amazon to look for a book , and getting hit with review after review by someone who 's never reviewed anything else , whose review is nothing but vague positive fluff , and who obviously was compensated by someone -LRB- and I do n't know if it was the publisher , the author , or a marketing firm -RRB- to leave positive reviews . Two reviews on this book are simply content from the book posted as a review.I read reviews to get a true picture of what people think . I 'm not easily manipulated by shill reviews . I do n't know who is behind them and I do n't care . I wo n't be looking at any more Jeff Davidson books .
 Though not one of John Keats ' very best poems , Lamia is a major work and essential for anyone interested in him . It has his signature unparalleled beauty but is also unusually thoughtful , with intriguing musings on illusion vs. reality and the nature of love , beauty , and art . Keats ' lament about empiricism destroying natural wonder has heavily influenced everyone from Edgar Allen Poe to Richard Dawkins , and Lamia remains central to the art/nature vs. science debate . The story is also interesting in itself ; Keats brings a fantasy world vividly to life , draws us in emotionally , and even has a devastating ending . Finally , the poem is impressive technically , showing Keats ' growing couplet mastery . One should certainly read his best-known works first , but this should be an early stop ; that said , the fact that it is virtually every Keats collection makes a standalone very hard to justify . The important thing at any rate is to read it in some form .
 I accidently mixed up this book with one from my H P Lovecraft collection and instead of talking with Kuthumi about visiting Bimini I ended up talking with Cthulhu about visiting R'lyeh . Ia ! Ia ! what a mistake !! But seriously ... no , sorry , I ca n't comment seriously on this book . Very very fluffy . If you are into the channelled ascended master jazz it might be your cup of herbal tea . I 'll stick with Klingon bloodwine and crusing around Innsmouth .
 The book was published in 1996 and with the extensive construction in new bike paths that occurred in metropolitan Phoenix and Tucson since that time , it is very much out-of-date . Also , since when is northern -LRB- and southern for that matter -RRB- California in the southwestern US ?
 This is another in a long history of books written by blind men describing the elephant 's trunk . Other great books and essays in this tradition include `` Free to Choose '' by Milton and Rose Friedman , `` The Law '' by Frederick Bastiat , and `` Economics in One Lesson '' by Henry Hazlitt . All these books are quite good at describing the trunk -LRB- or a tree -RRB- , but miss the elephant -LRB- or the woods -RRB- in the process.For what it covers , it is a fine book.However , Sowell forgets to apply all of his principles to the most influential business organization in the market , the corporation . The corporation has the perpetual life , limited liability and personhood . The qualities of limited liability and personhood could not be reproduced without government intervention in the market . Yet , limited liability and personhood are ignored so that he can focus on rent control or price controls . Are rent controls really more important to the economy than a corporation?Before the libertarians and conservatives that are reading this get their -LSB- ... -RSB- bunched over a corporation being able to be created without government intervention , think about a third party being hurt by a corporate action . If a corporation mistakenly dumps toxic waste on land that you own then goes out of business , who is responsible ? Answer
 I was hoping to find more substance in the book but I did not . There are NOT FACTS to back his claims nor data to prove his theories.The book presents basic Economics but for advanced readers of Economics , it will not work.It lacks the foundations of a solid book ... FACTS.But two stars is plenty .
 The arguments in the books for a FREE market does n't add up to the conculsions . It cited many failures in government interventions as the basis for a complete free market , however there are no hard evidence that a completely free markets in the sectors covered in the book will work . In particular , it advocate a practical appraoch in that it emphasis what is important is actual experience in the past that matters , not the idealistic socialism . It is however , recent experiences that pointed to the fact that markets are never perfected . The public is misinformed about the safety of automobiles , the pubic is misinformed about the consequences of rent control . In a perfect information market , how can the public be misinformed.The zoning of land use is against free market . On this topic , I invite Mr. Sowell to come to Hong Kong -LRB- where I live -RRB- to see how developers -LRB- not checked by a competent government -RRB- can damage one of the most beautiful natural harbour in the world.Mr . Sowell 's arguments are only valid if very one in the market are thinking about stage 4 , otherwise it wo n't work . He is as idealistic as the communist.In the real world , we are have to balance between the two exterme and I do n't think Mr. Sowell 's ideal world exist in any place in the world today .
 Amazon sent the wrong address to this seller so I never received the book . It was not the sellers fault . It was Amazons fault . The seller was such a wonderful person and seller that she said she was refunding my money . I had to purchase the book from another company that I could trust receiving my book from and it then did arrive at my home . Probably will not use Amazon again . They should give the Amazon seller her money back but I doubt that they will .
 This book is not what I expected . Therefore , I have n't read any of it . Maybe one day I will pick it up again .
 This book can be informative at times but most of the time , I felt like I was reading the book version of the home shopping channel . If you 're already a transcriptionist , you do n't need this book . And if you 're a newbie , The Medical Transcription Career Handbook has more and better eye-openers to help you get started .
 Probably the most common reason to purchase this book is to gain information about becoming an independent medical transcriptionist , but I really was disappointed with this book as far as that is concerned . Technology and medicine both advance and change on a daily basis which leaves this book , printed in 2002 , in somewhat of a dark age , especially now that the most cost effective , time efficient , and popular way of transferring all sorts of data is electronically.While there is some good information in this book , I do n't think the amount of information that is relevant is worth the price . Most of this stuff can be found on the internet more accurately than in the pages of this book .
 First , this book is too out of date to help anyone . Second , I do n't recommend buying this book unless you get it used for 1 cent and free shipping . I see all the reviews are at least 5 years old , so I thought I 'd add something current . I would n't recommend this career for anyone . I have been an MT for 13 plus years and have seen my pay plummet by almost half for various reasons , first and foremost being company greed -LRB- they can off-shore the work to India and pay them much , much less -RRB- . So this book is just a huge waste of money , and if you buy it all you are doing is allowing the authors to somehow make a little more money .
 It 's very difficult to review this story without spoiling it , so I decided that the concerns of the reader are more important , and that the author should n't be able to hide his story 's faults behind some thin secrets , so here goes . `` Stealth '' , which is very much a cold-war thriller , offers the hapless story of a DIA analyst , Michael Pretorius , used to crack open a large-scale KGB counterintelligence operation on American soil . Pretorius retired from intelligence following a disastrous mission-gone-wrong in East Germany . Captured , he was cracked . The Russians let Pretorius think that his story held , but the Americans know that Pretorius 's debrief was much more thorough than the spy realizes . Without letting on , Defense Intelligence Agency brings him back . They tell him that he 's needed to pose as a scientist assigned to develop warplanes and give allow himself to be captured by the Soviets . In the process , he is to turn over much flawed information on the America 's newest technological achievement , the BAT-3 Stealth Bomber . BAT-3 will exceed both existing stealth aircraft and soviet technology geared to detect them . With Pretorius in their control , the Soviets will have no idea that his information has been altered , that they will be sent down a myriad of blind alleys . Unfortunately , when captured , Pretorius is almost immediately recognized , and his interrogators go even deeper , fully cracking him . Pretorius regains consciousness knowing that he has been completely compromised and that the Soviets now possess everything , the intentionally distorted stuff and the very real data . Breaking free , he finds himself on the run from the Soviets but also from his own side.SPOILER.BEGINS HEREIt takes very little time before the reader figures out the secret - there is no new Stealth bomber , it 's all a sham to distract the Soviets from America 's real weapon , `` Star Wars '' . -LRB- Did I mention that this was very much a DATED cold war thriller ? -RRB- I mean , if Pretorius is n't really an engineer , why tell him any genuine information on BAT-3 ? For that matter , why tell him that he 's expected to be captured ? In maintaining the sham , the Americans dragoon a captured Russian Tu-160 bomber tailored to look like the new American warplane . Going on the run , Pretorius will eventually learn that his handlers and hunters are one and the same , that there is a deeper conspiracy than the one involving the Russians - an idea that seemed old even when Coonts used it better in `` Minotaur '' . END SPOILERThe problem with Stealth , besides its failed twist , is the fact that it 's not very thrilling . The author has very unexacting ideas of what a technothriller is supposed to be . None of his major characters are involved in the stealth aircraft -LRB- they do seem to know a lot about it - rattling off scads of data likely culled from a handy copy of `` Janes '' -RRB- . Instead , they seem to know more about fine dining , the best wines , the hautest of cuisine . Before he can even get a chance to show his hero is really a genuine character , Durham insists on letting his remote home , his antique stove , his distinguishing palette and his ability to get a fine dinner whenever he wants . This was all okay in the days of James Bond , but the end of the cold war was supposed to be lead to more believable characters , and Pretorius is at least a few steps behind in that unlike Bond , he actually manages a few bits of genuine heroism between sips of Dom Perignon ' 56 . Nothing Pretorius does makes much sense , and like the story , he goes nowhere real fast . Reading `` Stealth '' ominously reminds me of Pat Robinson - like Robinson , Durham populates his stories with men who are meant to be heroic even though they navigate nothing more than the menu of an expensive restaurant . In other spots , Durham exhibits the worst traits of genre authors - not content -LRB- or able -RRB- to excite the reader , Durham thinks he 's in a position to educate the reader . At best , he does n't so much educate as try to make himself sounded educated . Unfortunately , like those pricey menus , Durham 's prose on the exotic sie of espionage look like a copy of something somebody else already wrote - he names the different gun-fighting positions rather than fleshes out the severity that drives men to choose one over the other.This may be a bit demanding , but in reality the genera has done better . Looking to uplift myself , I picked up the original , `` Flight of the Intruder '' as well as `` Firefox '' and the newer `` Dangerous Ground '' by Larry Bond . Along with David Poyer and even Joe Buff , there is proof that the technothriller genre can still deliver good thrills along with prose that do n't insult their readers .
 This book really sucked ! I do n't know about the cassetes , butI can say for a fact that the book was so awful I was boredpractically to tears . That 's not to say that it was quite asbad as `` Weatherhawk '' , but it was pretty close ! Do n't botherto buy or borrow `` Stealth '' . Spend your money on more worthwhilebooks .
 I do n't know the reason that I did n't receive it yet.Even I paid already.And there is no response at all.I ask the reason and what happened again.If you sent it , could you track my package?Thanks .
 The editors of Victoria magazine have published two books
 arrived fast and like new condition but big bore , nothing in it . i threw it awayi was hopeing for some ideas to decorate my apartment but forget that
 Well , I hate to be the single nay-sayer here , but `` The Message in the Hollow Oak '' is definitely not one of Nancy 's finer mysteries - in fact , it 's not really even a mystery at all . Filled with coincidences , contrivances and other leaps of logic , this particular installment does n't make a heck of a lot of sense.It begins with one of the more contrived set-ups in this series , in which Nancy wins a competition when the title she submits for a novelist 's story is selected . The first prize is - of all things - a tract of land in Canada . Eager to go and see it for herself , Nancy organizes herself , Bess and George for travel.Her father 's latest client just happens to be familiar with the territory and suggests a friend that can provide lodgings for Nancy in Lake Wellington . Outside , Nancy just happens to run into this very woman and prevents a robbery by the man who just happens to be working with a suspicious fellow who has an interest in Nancy 's newfound property . On the journey to Lake Wellington , Nancy just happens to be on the same train as the writer of the story she won the competition for , who just happens to be connected with various people involved in the case.Although when I say `` case '' , there is n't really much of one . Instead it 's more like Nancy versus the corrupt gold-miners . Various people seem to be interested in Nancy 's land , but only because they suspect there is gold to be found on it . A man has gone missing , but it 's reasonably easy to ascertain what 's happened to him . There is a bit of a star-crossed lovers plot involved , but this is resolved quickly . Most of the plot is just manufactured situations and coincidences piling up upon more coincidences.Bess sleepwalks for no reason . A train derails just * because * . A man willingly gives up a hostage even though he already had want he wanted from Nancy , and even though the hostage 's testimony gets him sent to prison . Even the titular hollow oak is n't of any particular importance to the story , save that it holds a note that Nancy could n't possibly have deduced was there . And some plot points go completely unexplained . The tree itself is a secret letter box between two lovers who are parted because someone put a fake note in the tree - but who this person was and why they did it is never explained.Other bizarre occurrences include Nancy successfully lassoing Bess as she 's falling to her death , and Nancy palming a key out of a man 's hand without him noticing . How are either of these things even possible?Oh , and see how there 's a skull in the tree in the cover art ? There 's no such thing in the book.Don ' t get me wrong , I love the Nancy Drew books . But there 's always one bad apple , and `` The Message in the Hollow Oak '' falls far from the usual quality of these mysteries . Unless you 're a completist , you can give this one a miss .
 I put `` one star '' in the rating catagory , because it was required to print this ` review , ' not because I actually rate this item . The last known audio recording of a Nancy Drew book was book number 9 , ` The Sign of the Twisted Candles . ' I know , because I collected all of the recordings when they were first published and became available to purchase . ` The Sign of the Twisted Candles ' was PRODUCED by Bob Deyan/Deyan Audio Services , and PUBLISHED by Request Audiobooks in 2006 . Why would the producer of these audio recordings be the VOICE for ` The Message in the Hollow Oak ' instead of just producing the audio book ? What happened to the audio recordings of Nancy Drew books 10 and 11 ? Why was n't ` The Message in the Hollow Oak , ' book 12 , circulated as a new recording , if it was/is indeed an official recording ? Why no picture of the audio CD jacket cover , and no books 10 and 11 preceeding this ` only available through other sources ' audio recording ? As a collector of these audio books , I find this very MYSTERIOUS !!!
 I am amazed how many people love this book . I find it to be very disturbing and not very appropriate for young children . The underlying themes that I get are those of abuse and a `` Be good or we will leave you '' sort type of threat . This becomes more apparent if you know something about the author . Each time I see this book my skin crawls . There is a frenzied energy about the whole thing which makes me uncomfortable . I think this is either a love or hate sort of book . I have n't talked to anyone who `` kind of '' liked it .
 When I read this book as a child , one of the messages I got was that even pretty china dolls get spanked -LRB- not just us plain brunette children with short noses -RRB- . Another message was that I should be happy with my family because they did n't threaten to abandon me.As a parent I now wonder what message of `` family '' this book would give adopted children or any children . Children often fear abandonment due to their misbehaviour ; why would we want to encourage that?I decided not to keep the copy of `` The Lonely Doll '' that was given to us and I could not in good conscience pass it on to another family.By the way , I find it disturbing that the Hornbook review refers to a `` good spanking '' . They are lovely photographs and I liked the cover .
 We received this book as a gift . I like the photo illustration concept but the book content itself is disturbing . There are so many better books out there to spend your money on .
 I found this book and thought the illustrtions were absolutey beautiful -- a true work of artistry . However , I did n't read it through before I bought it . I was reading it to my daughter when I discovered how disturbing the story turns with the spanking scenes . I stopped reading the book and I will take it out of my house .
 I have a feeling that this is a must have in the library of every sicko in the world . The Spanking scene is disturbing , as is the theme of the book . It 's like an episode of Criminal Minds . Spare your children .
 This is not an appropriate book for children ! As a child , I myself found it highly disturbing . Although the pictures are cute , I would never allow my child to read it .
 My wife and I bought this book soon after my daughter was born -LRB- she 's now 7 -RRB- , because of the admittedly beautiful photos and what on the surface appears to be a sweet story . After reading it a few times , we half-joked that after being spanked by the father bear , the Lonely Doll practically tells him , `` Do anything you want , just do n't leave me ! '' This bothered us enough that we put the book away and no longer read it to our daughter . As it turns out , after reading reviews of `` The Secret Life of the Lonely Doll , '' we find we were n't too far off . `` The Lonely Doll '' provides a bit of insight into the life of Dare Wright , whose father and brother left at an early age , and who had an unhealthy relationship with her mother . Unfortunately , her disturbed psychology seems to be reflected in the `` Lonely Doll '' books.So , unlike others , the spanking in the book does n't bother us per se . But we did n't feel the `` do n't - leave-me-I 'll - do-whatever-you-want '' undertext was appropriate for a little girl in whom we 're trying to engender independence and self-respect . Maybe we 're being overly analytical about what is ostensibly a children 's book , and there are certainly other children 's books with less-than-ideal messages . But we thought the message in this one was particularly undesirable for our daughter and thought other parents might feel the same .
 This book really bothered me as a child and at the time I could n't say what it was that bothered me so much . I think it was the spanking scene where it seemed kind of sexual-ized . I remember feeling scared for the girl and not liking the book . Because of these feelings I remember , I will not be purchasing it for my own children .
 This book was purchased at a prominent children 's store in Boston . I 'm shocked yuppies sold such a thing ! It was one of the creepiest books I 've ever read to my children . I would have nightmares about Mr. Bear . LOL It started off cute but then got strange and disturbing . The little doll is lonely and Mr. Bear -LRB- a dad figure -RRB- and his baby bear come to live with her . She gets along well with the baby bear . They get into mischief and then write on a mirror with lipstick that Mr. Bear is a `` silly old thing '' and then Mr. Bear was watching him and he spanks them . CREEPY
 I did read this as a child , and though I could not have articulated the unpleasant feeling it gave me -- I never liked it , that sad , vaguely arlarmed , looking doll , or the text . As an adult I find it very creepy . The doll who is so lonely and invites in a domineering father figure . THe bottom-up spanking is the illustration frequently complained about but they all invoke lonliness and passivity for me .
 This book just plain does n't make sense and it does n't apply to younger people . Even though many schools have made this book a standard for 9th and 10th graders to read , many of us just do n't understand and get lost . We understand about censorship and all that other stuff , but why are you telling us ? We are the ones that want to make everything more open . You make us read this book , like we are the ones trying to close everything up and prevent us from reading anything . I think the congress men and all adults should read this . Not kids . I personally think that teachers and educators could have picked a better book for us students to read . But that is my opinion , and suprisely many fellow students agree with me .
 Another dark , gloomy , mildly confusing , Blade Runner-ishview of the future lacking in any redeeming qualities . `` In the future , Firemen burn books '' -- Bradbury createsan inventive premise but his own gloom overtakes the story.Fraught with loose ends , this is the last book you readbefore you set yourself on fire .
 I picked up this book with such high expectations-Ray Bradbury is relavtively famous , the book is fantastically reknowned , and it is about censorship , an issue that I really care about.Well . My expectations were smothered , stabbed repeatedly , and left on the floor to die . This is not a good book . Bradbury 's writing is incredibly confusing , and some pivotal parts of the story are so removed from the main plot that you ca n't understand them.Bradbury has a penchant for killing off characters . For example , one character , that changes the life of the main character , is dead 20 pages into the book . If she was burned 'cause she had books , fine , but she got run over by a car . How stupid is that?Pass this one up , and for a real futuristic utopia , try 1984 . Just not this .
 While I can appreciate Bradbury 's views on television 's effects on people , I believe he gave far too much credence to the communistic approach to controlling people by doing away with books . Considering the beautiful complexity of a book like Dandelion Wine , this was disappointingly simplistic and unrealistic . And as to the war and the ` bomb ' at the end , he stepped totally out of reality , since by the time this was written , the world would have known that the effects of radiation went far beyond the initial destruction . And he gave no explanation as to why there should have been a war at all . Bradbury ignored these issues to the detriment of his entire concept .
 I order the book a week before it shipped and then took so long to get here I had to download the book to my daughters Kindle the night before she needed it for school . That cost me $ 9.99 , and then got the book on the 4th or 5th of February . Wo n't use this one again .
 Hey A reader from MISSOURI , I hear you . This book makes no sense what so ever and i had to read it for school . I have no idesa just how in the world a book this horrible could have stayed around for 40 years !!! I have talked to everyone I know and they all read the first 5 pages and immeadiatly hated it . THey rented the movie and watched some of it so they wo n't have to read it , and it was verbatum , and guess what ... it was even worse than the book ! I do reccomend this book to all of you ... well only if you want to find out how terrible books can get or you want to find out what type of flammable liquid burns better on books !
 They say Bradbury 's amazing , but he really did n't impress me at all . It seems that he tried to write in such a sophisticated way that the book became boring . The Fahrenheit 451 is slow going , and very hard to understand . We had to read this book as a class and almost everyone found it confusing . Even the ending hardly made any sense . The book is going on like normal , and suddenly it all ends abruptly . Bradbury has failed to make the writing interesting , and it is not easy to tell what 's going on . For example , the whole plot is not appealing . There is a society where books are not allowed , and Montag -LRB- the man who burns alot of books -RRB- ends up liking books . He has to run away from others and hide for a long time . Some details were completely unnecessary , and had nothing to do with the book . As soon as the book starts getting even a little good , Bradbury drifts off to another topic and that slows down the whole flow of the book . When some things were going on in the book , it is like Bradbury did n't want to get off that same topic at all . If something happened , or there was a discussion , Bradbury made it as long as possible . The book failed to entertain me , and I do not reccommend it .
 This book has been raved about as a classic SF story for many years now , so I decided it had to be worth reading . How wrong I was ! As with many so called `` brilliant classics '' the author gets a novel idea and then tries to run with it . Unfortunately , the story fizzles out completely towards the end and the full impact of the original message dies with it . I was very disappointed with this book and wonder how people rate books like this so highly . Do n't bother reading it !
 This book is a is written about a futuristic civilization in which books are burned and anyone who is caught reading gets arrested -LRB- or worse -RRB- . The main character is a `` fireman '' named Guy Montag who begins to realise that books are ` nt really so bad , and he rebels . Firemen in this society do n't put out fires , they burn the books . The storyline is slow and depressing . The book is rather boring , to put it politely . I believe that this is the only book that should be burned . DO N'T BOTHER .
 It was very confusing at some parts . Overall it had a great plot . It is a better reading if you are older .
 After reading it for a school project I would avise anyone reading these reviews to stay clear of it unless your eighty and you want waste your last few months of your life . Pointless , which school teachers of little old scotland make you read . If we have to burn books I put this one up to get burned straight away .
 I did n't like this book it was way to confusing , i do n't think teachers should make kids read this book it is definantly not a kids kinda book .
 I was FORCED to read this book in school ! It was pure TRASH ! I thought I liked reading ... well now Idont ! Thanks a lot Ray Bradbury !!!
 I 'm no advocate of book burning , but burn this book ! It was terribly disappointing -- lots of hype over a cheesy science-fiction novel . There are two major problems with it . One is poor language usage -- lousy descriptive word choices , lousy metaphors and similes that make inappropriate comparisons -- and two , not enough attention paid to societal problems that give rise to things like book burning in the first place
 I found this book to be very dry and boring . I tried to compare this to The Giver , and I just conuld n't . I know that there are some good points to it , but not enought to sit and read it over and over again.PS-If you do n't agree with me , please do n't click the `` No '' button below .
 Fahrenheight 451 is a book set in the future that every page goes on and on and you find that you are still on that same page because you have fallen asleep . This story has some characters that are very different from each other . The main character Montag , who is a fireman who burns books instead of stopping fires , is very different from his wife Millie . His wife just watches TV all day and they call the actors their `` cousins '' . Also their are so many different things that happen that you ca n't really keep up with them and you ca n't really understand it because you can ; t understand what the characters do . The plot does not really make sense , it is about people who burn books and let me tell you it is n't very fun to read . I think that the the book is creative , but the Author should use something else to go with this story . The vocabulary was pretty good and he used good sentence , but they got confusing and you find yourself doing nothing with this book . The book just goes on and on and then you find yourself wanting to burn it like the fire fighters do . I would say that I recommend this book to probably no one because it is n't fun to read , you fall asleep during it and you can never feel suspended . People who like Sci-Fi stuff might , but it is n't really Sci-Fi ether .
 Farenheit 451 was just an ok book . I was lost most of the time and the book did n't really make too much sense to me . If i had to read this book over again i definitely would n't .
 Simply unreadable . A nonsense book and a ridiculous plot . Sincerely one of the worst books I 've ever read .
 It is not the best book I have read . It was really weird and freaky . The thing about it was that I did n't comprehend it much . It was really a book that does n't suit me that much . I did n't understand it much . At times , I felt stupid reading it because I did n't understand it . If you are a person who likes reading books about fire , this book is for you.I really do n't want to have to read it again and I did n't like it . It was way out of my league . I did n't care for the Ray Bradbury . But , I am not saying I hate him . I am sayinh I might tru some of his other books as well as this book that I did n't like . Although this book does not fit my categories or my type of books , I would not recommend it to other people who like serious stuff .
 In the book Fahrenheit 451 the main characters name is Guy Montag . Guy is a fireman that burns books and sets houses on fire instead of the normal fireman that puts out the flames . During the course of the book Montag goes through many different phases . The most important phase is where he starts wondering about books . Since all his life he has been taught that books are bad and only to burn them , he is curious what books are about . During the time that he is going through his mysterious phases he meets a girl named Clarisse McClellan , who opens her eyes to the emptiness of his life . Montag met this girl one night when he was taking a walk at about midnight . Montag also meets a very important character named Faber . Faber is an old English professor that likes books and knows a lot about them . Over the story Montag has Faber set him up with a retired publisher , to help publish books . At the time that Montag is trying to publish books the fireman are chasing him , because his wife turned him in.Guy Montag is a fireman who suddenly realizes the emptiness of his life and starts to search for meaning in the books he is supposed to be burning . He quickly forms unusually strong bonds with anyone who seems to have true friendship with him . His biggest regret in life is not having a better relationship with his wife . And because he did n't have a very good relationship with his wife that is why she turned him in to the fireman and got there house burned.The way that Ray Bradbury makes this book seem is incredible . He has a special talent that lets him really involve and capture the reader 's attention . while I read this book I felt as if I was a silent observer that stood next to Guy Montag every where he went . I loved this book , and would definitely recommend this book to anybody who loves a great adventure and thrill .
 I really did not like this book ! Now , do n't get me wrong the idea was good , but the writing was horrible . I normally like Ray Bradbury 's work , too . The writing style was very repetitive and boring . I think that this is one of those books that could have been great if written differently .
 This summer we read this book . I hated this book for several reasons . First of all , the story was way too jumpy . It started slow , and then randomly got fast . It had absolutly no suspense to it . I found myself forcing myself to read ! I could n't relate to any of the characters ! For instance , some of the characters were too boring . Maybe if I read this book in this book in ten years I would have a different opinion . Another reason why I did n't like this book , is because the characters were n't seen enough . They were all just thrown in at different times . You did n't feel like you got to know them very well and I hate that . I would not recommend this book . I think that Ray Bradbury needs to rethink his book ideas ! I do not want to be critical of Ray Bradbury , but really I could n't stand this book . It had no meaning to me . It also , had a poor plot and setting . For instance , it was plotted in the future yet it was no different than today . I do n't plan on reading anymore or Ray Bradbury 's books !
 who ever wrote this dumb confusing book is in a mental state of mind ! Fahrenheit 451 is a overworded description of a fireman who lives on rebellion ! It is a bad influence on the young people of the world . THIS BOOK SHOULD BE BURNED !
 Fahrenheit 451 is an unusual book about an alternate future . In this book , firemen have to start fires instead of putting them out . But they do n't just randomly burn down peoples houses . They burn down the ones in which people have books ; you may by thinking why would they care about books . Well , in this alternate future , books are illegal . I bet that this seems very ironic to you , but yes , it is a book about there being no books . I did n't like this book . I felt that that his writing style was very unusual . The author , Ray Bradbury , did n't have difficult sentences , but he did seem to jump around . He would never be very clear . Within each and every page he would jump around , or lose the readers attention by rambling on in an unorthodox style . If there were a prime age group for this book it would have to be junior high schoolers to high schoolers . That is probably because it is about that difficulty and this alternate future may be the most appealing to this age .
 First off , I have to say that the idea is n't that far fetched . It 's hard to imagine that someone in 1953 could depict our life so close to what it is like today . Television seems to run our lives and less people settle themselves in books . I say this because I 'm one of them , although I do enjoy a good sci-fi novel -LRB- ie . 1984 , Dune , Brave New World -RRB- . That said , I have to conclude that Bradbury did in fact write a flop ! It is true what they say about how you ca n't buy a book by it 's cover . I , just as many others , was encouraged to read from the title . The concept is excellent and to a point , realistic . What seems `` wrong '' with the book however is the lack of depth the other characters have . Clarise , the girl who turned Guy Montag 's head in the other direction , who had great potential , dies in the begining of the book . Her death seems meaningless as a result of lack of depth ... Mildred , Guy 's wife , who turns in her own husband , also lacks depth . The second reason which makes this book a flop is the lack of a conclusion . Not to spoil the ending of these great literary pieces , but the main characters in 1984 , Brave New World , and Dune either die , are defeated , or emerge victorious -LRB- not in that order -RRB- . But in F451 , Guy ends up roaming the lands with a bunch of Harvard and Yale hobos . The government , Big Brother , or whatever you want to call it , which was so obviously against him , could n't care less if he existed . And Guy 's cause failed to alter anything , other than relocating him to the woods . There seemed to be no major conflict . Sure , people will argue that the chase was a conflict , but it was not solved . Now , if this book was part of a trilogy , then maybe there is some reason to leaving the question unanswered to what was the purpose of Guy 's puiny uproar . But the fact is that the book is cut short . It deserved a better ending or even a better beginning . Whatever the case I felt thirsty for more at the end of the book , I had many questions unanswered , like what really happened to Clarisse , was she killed by a racing car or was she hiding from the government too ? Does Faber get in touch with those printing guys or is he caught by Big Brother ? There need n't be a happy ending , but to deprive the audience of an ending of any type spells out B A D S T Y L E.
 If the book was written intentionally this bad so the reader would be driven to burn the book in some kind of elaborate ironic metaphor , then maybe I get it . But its not . Or maybe if it was written before the genre defining steps made in 1984 . But its not . It is simply self delusional in attempting to convey an idea , plot or any form of characterisation.For starters , why did a fireman after 10 years of diligently loving his job suddenly realises the futile nature of his ways after listening to a girl talk rubbish for 2 minutes intervals over a 4 day period ? Why is it OK to get high on drugs and drive 90MPH around everywhere , but not read a book about philosophy in case a conceivable minority gets offended !? And why are books banned but every other type of media is n't . The book seems to suggest its their inherently edgy content , so why just ban particular books ? Why employ an entire emergency service to do this job ? And most importantly , how could any of the technological devices be engineered with the risk of the fire department coming round your house at any given moment to burn it down if you dared read a single book !? This could be all be forgiven if it was written well or follows an interesting story , but it just fails in every sense of the word . I have no idea why this book got so famous , it is plain stupid .
 When looking for a book to read , do not pick this one . I give this book two out of five stars because I did not understand the language , it is irrelevant to the world today , and some parts of the book make no sense.The book Fahrenheit 451 is written by Ray Bradbury in the 1900s . It is about a fireman named Guy Montag , and is based in the future . But instead of putting out fires , like today , the firemen in this book do the opposite
 I read Fahrenheit 451 this year , in the seventh grade , as a required reading . As I read this book , I got more and more confused . The plot twisted and turned and left me hanging wondering `` wait ... what happened ? '' . Mr. Bradbury used large words that I learned as vocab . I would recommend this book to no one under the age of about 13 , maybe 12 . I chose this age because of the hard concepts of burning books and the fast-moving plot of the hound .
 This book was very interesting , but I would n't consider it a Sci-Fi . It takes place in the future , and firemen do n't put out fires , they start them . Its about a fireman named Montag who starts to question the law that says you are not aloud to have books , and his adventure after . It was a difficult book to read , but there were some good vocabulary terms . It was also very descriptive . On a scale one to ten I would give it a six . It was a very creative story , but I am not a fan of many futuristic books . Kids under the sixth grade should not read this because they may get confused or not understand some of the words in the book .
 this book was really boring and i had to read it for a book report so instead of me reading the whole book i just rented the movie from blockbuster and watched the movie it was much easier
 The book was not that bad-but i would n't strongly recommend it . It was a bit weird for my liking .
 I heard so much about this book before I finally picked it up . And when I did get around to reading it ... I was n't impressed . Yes , the author 's ideas are scary
 yes
 WARNING
 This book does n't deserve one star . It deserves negative 1000 stars . This was the WORST book I have ever read . The book moved to slow , and the characters are stupid . Guy Montag , the main character , is a fireman who sets books on fire , becuase homes are fireproof . Then he meets this crazy girl nmaed Clairese who rambles about dumb stuff of the past that is not important like -LRB- Did you know that one time billboards were only 20 feet long , instead of 200 -RRB- WHO CARES ?!?! If there is one book that deserves to be burnt it is this .
 I have never yet received my order , and it has been a month since I placed the order and paid for it . Will I be getting a refund of my money ?
 This is definitely one of the WORST books I have ever come across . In the modern version , there is a forword and an introduction . Both of them have nothing to do with the story , and Ray Bradbury babbles on and on about his past and how he came up with the ideas for other books that NO ONE CARES ABOUT ! I almost fell asleep during the forword , I dont know how I survived the book . The book drags on and one at a painfully slow pace . As for Ray Bradbury himself , he states in the introduction that in his eyes , Hitler burning and brutally killing people is on the same level as the burning of a book . I think that this statement is pretty much self explanatory for his views on humanity . Great guy , eh ?
 This book is quite possibly the worst piece of science fiction I have read ... It is dramatically boring and far too contrived to be interesting ... The world Bradbury creates is thoroughly dry and I simply hated his look at the future ... Nothing was at all interesting or thought-provoking , except for the books examination into the issues of censorship as a whole . I like fantastically created worlds and futures , but when they 're dry and brittle like this , you simply long for the pages of the book itself to burn bitterly ...
 I never received the product in the mail . Needed it for summer reading for school and had to go to the bookstore to buy it .
 I already wrote a review of this one that Amazon dot com must have lost or something because it did not show up after even like 5 days.That does not surprise me for reasons I will explain in a minute but first you came here to see a review of the book and so here you go and then I will get back to my earlier point.This book is about a fireman in the future only in the future there is no longer any fire at all so instead of putting out fires he lights books on fire but he does not like to make fires so then he quits being a fireman . I swear thats what the book is about and I know it makes no sense I didnt understand it either . Why is he a fireman ? I DONT KNOW ! NOBODY KNOWS!But the real problems started when I returned this book to my local library and now they say I did not return it at all even though I did and it was in a pile of other books which ! I returned all at the same time together so I know . But now they say I owe the library $ 7 for a new book even though it was used . Whatever.My advice
 it is impossible to keep reading this ... it is very hard to understand and most parts do n't make any sense ... it is very hard to understand .
 To put it simply
 Fahrenheit 451 is a book is filled with action and suspense . If you like a book that has many twists and turns , then you 'll enjoy this book by Ray Bradberry . He tried to write about what he thought would be the worst future , with no books . They would set books onfire , because to read and poses a book is unlawful . The people believed that books made people upset , think up different ideas , and unequal . The firefighters we know now would set things on fire , not put out the fire like they do now . This book is fairly easy to understand , middle schoollers should be able to understand the vocabulary .
 The book , Fahrenheit 451 by Ray Bradbury , is a perfect example of a science fiction book . This book is about the life of a fire fighter named Guy Montag who lives in a futuristic city where books are banned . The job of fire fighters in his view of the future are to set books and the houses they are hiding in on fire . The reasoning for this is that books are said to be evil and contain many different thoughts and emotions that are considered `` dangerous '' if people are exposed to them . This book pretty difficult to read based on its challenging vocabulary and its confusing situations . I would recommend this book to people no younger than 7th grade based on the content of the book , and I would recommend it to people with a strong interest in science fiction and futuristic books .
 Not being a passionate Science Fiction reader , I did not enjoy Bradbury 's writing ideas and form . I found this book to be a very slow read , not moving very fast . Some of Bradbury 's ideas did not seem to fit into the story . I found this story to be too far into the future to relate to . I found the action of burning books to be very unreal in any society . I have read some other stories from Bradbury and part of one of his other books , Dandelion Wine , and Fahrenheit 451 did not match up to some of Bradbury 's other works .
 I had to read this book for school , and I really did n't like it . There were good parts , but there was a lot of wasted words in other parts . I was very surprised that some of the bad events were in great detail and the ok parts were not . I hated the bad parts because they were so disgusting to read . I am only 12 and I think this book is better for mature readers . This book had a great theme , but a lot of the not so important events could have been taken out . If you are a mature reader and like science fiction , you will probably like this book .
 it was very boring and i did not lik it at all . it lacked a basic plot and character development . i was very disappointed with the novel and with Bradbury .
 I had to read this book for school , and at first I hated it . The beginning chapter is hard to understand because of all the symbolism , however , it eventually gets better . -LRB- slowly -RRB- It is easy to miss some concepts if you do n't read slowly enough . I felt that the ending was far-fetched and boring . I did enjoy reading about a dystopian society , but altogether , the book is tedious and slow-moving .
 Sure , this book gives some harsh warnings about the desensitization of our culture and the withering away of intellectual importance , but its radical premise detracts from the story 's legitimacy and worth . Bradbury anticipates a complete elimination of all books and literature , and I do agree that we are moving in a more automated , fast-paced society with less emphasis on love and personal relationships . But we will never reach such an extreme level , its simply a rediculous concept . I contest that we can not worry about whether others are getting their daily dose of Shakespeare , Joyce or the Bible , and if we choose to read on our own , we will always have the chance to do so . I imagine that if you are reading this review , you do n't run a high risk of losing interest in books in your lifetime . Yes , Bradbury does offer a striking prophesy of the direction of societal development , but to use this book as the basis for an outrcy against our culture 's future is ludicrous .
 I am a huge science fiction fan and heard from many people that this is one of the ultimate Sci-fi classics . So , I decided to read it . I was very dissapointed . Though some concepts were fairly interesting they were not developed , so book had no point . I can not understand why this novel is as famous as it is . Do not waste your time reading Fahrenheit 451 .
 could not stand this book . hated everything about it . waste of my time reading it . maybe just too out of date for today .
 Anthony F.Miller PlaceThis book is Fahrenheit 451 written by Ray Bradbury . This is a realistic fiction book based on a futuristic world . This book is a mystery in some aspects and it could somewhat be an action book.This book is about a man named Guy Mortag . He is a firefighter who does n't put out fire , but starts them . If someone has books the firefighters go to there house and burn the books . Guy starts talking to a young girl named Clarisse . She has many different views on the world compared to other people in the time she is living in . Guy starts thinking about what she is talking about and that makes him start questioning every aspect of his life . Guy later reveals that he has a full library of books , to his wife that he has been hiding . Now he only has twenty-four hours to reads the books before he can get caught by the firefighters.This book is suited for an older audience . The writing style and the vocabulary the author uses will be a little hard for the younger reader to understand.In general I thought the book was okay . I enjoyed some parts of the book , but other parts just bored me and I could n't wait until I finished what I was reading . If you are interested in futuristic and or realistic fictional stories then you should read this one .
 I have read both The Martian Chronicles and Farenheit 451 by Ray Bradbury -LRB- well , it was more like I was forced to read them in my 8th and 9th grade English classes -RRB- , and all I can say is that Bradbury is one of the most overrated authors I have read . At least the Martian Chronicles was creative , had an emotional core , kept me captivated . The only thing creative about Farenheit 451 is its title . It paints a blurry picture of a simply boring civilization . I found myself not really caring what happened to Guy and Mildred and all the rest . There is no real prophetic vision as there is in say , Huxley 's Brave New World , which gives a vivid depiction of a fully-fleshed out and interesting futuristic world , unlike Bradbury 's , which is quite similar to any modern town that would exist when the book was written . Also unlike Brave New World , F451 is n't even very compelling , as censorship nowadays is much less of an issue than the genetic engineering and other issues Huxley raises . Overall , a thorougly unsatisfying and overhyped novel .
 The protagonist in this story by Ray Bradbury , was a fireman named Guy Montag . The main antagonist was Captain Beatty who was the chief of the firemen . The story takes place in the future in a city like any other today . The only difference is that everything is run by computers and books are illegal to read and own . Unlike today , where firemen stop fires , their job was to burn books and houses they were in . It did not matter if there people in them or not . As the story developes , Montag becomes curious about what the prohibited books contain , so he steals them . Towards the end of the book he gets caught and becomes a fugitive . Although the book has a good message , it was extremely boring . It made us reflect on our own lifestyles , yet we did n't enjoy the way Bradbury wrote it . It was dry and basically boring . Yet the theme about finding our humanity and ourselves was eye opening . It made us wonder if our civilization will end up as Bradbury 's novel depicts . Will we end up , so wrapped up in ourselves and our technology that we will no longer have time to love others and have a mind of our own ? Or will we just walk through life , not feeling any emotions whatsoever towards anyone or anything and believe , in our dogmatic way , that this is happiness ?
 The book although very confusing , as the author uses too much detail , was intruiging . One of the things that did n't make sense was the reason for the character of clarisse mclellan 's dissapearance . The ending of the book is too sudden , as if he rushed to complete the book .
 This book is hard for me to understand because most sentences does n't make sense . Some does make sense but most of them no . Ray Bradbury should do more better then that . I 've being forced to read this book because my 9th grade english teacher made us . When I start reading this book it is okey . When I 'm on page 30 the sentence does n't make sense . It just mostly say `` I burn bookee '' . I would rather read Great Expectations instead . If you are a very good reader you may try it .
 If you wish to read an Orwellian , dystopian novel set in the future , read the novels by George Orwell himself , 1984 and Animal Farm . Undoubtedly , Fahrenheit 451 is a classic and I guess required reading , if only for completenes , but it certainly failed to hold my interest . I found the writing to be a little more fluffy than what I find enjoyable and the plot is remarkably thin , unlike the richly constructed 1984 and the taut Animal Farm . I 'm afraid I ca n't call myself a Bradbury fan just yet .
 This book was hard to read from the start . Eventually one can infer what is going on , but very little is explained plainly . The copy I read was from the library , and there were mispelled sticky notes throughout with what looked like two middle schoolers trying to figure out what was going on . -LRB- For instance , `` Why is Beatty ask about the dog ? Dose he know where the books are ? '' -RRB- The ending is alright , and I really liked the quote about how the inability to build creates a need to destroy .
 The novel , Fahrenheit 451 by Ray Bradbury , is about a man named Guy Montag who is a fireman . Unlike most ordinary firemen , he starts fires instead of puts them out . He burns books . If anyone in their town is caught with even only one book in their house , he comes and set the entire house on fire and lets it all burn to the ground . After a while he meets a girl and starts to fall in love with her . However , she likes books , and she reads them . So , he tries reading a book and he loves it . Then he stops burning them and instead he reads them while they live together . One time his boss came to his house while he was reading his book and he had to hide it . While he was talking his wife was cleaning and almost found the book.At first I thought that this was going to be a pretty good book . It might be kind of exciting , being about burning books and all . Since I personally hate reading then hearing about someone that burns books caught my attention . It turned out to be another boring book.This book would be better suited for older adults that like to read . Books that kids are required to read should be fun and exciting books not any of these boring books . There are plenty of books out there that would be much more interesting to read than the ones that we do read .
 Well , basically what happens without all the boring details is there is this guy named Montag and he is a fire fighter . The only thing is , the job of the fire fighter is to start the fires rather than putting them out . Well one day when he has to burn this old womens house it really hits him hard because she refuses to get out of her house before they light it on fire . So the firemen end up burning her house , the books that were in it , and the old lady . That made him think that there must have been something in those books worth dying for . Then he met this girl name Clarisse who made him start thinking even more . So he sort of came to the conclusion that he really did not enjoy doing what he did for a living .
 Okay , first off I would like to say that I enjoy almost any book I read . This book has made it to the top of my `` burn this book '' list . Dont get me wrong , the idea was well thought up , but the book was n't well written . First off , the book starts off with someone trying to commit suicide , and this character is saved even though she 's totally wack . Second , the main character is named `` GUY MONTAG '' . How origanal . Third , the people in this book are IDIOTS ! I mean , first they outlaw all `` offensive '' material , then they condense great novels into two page stories , and then they sit around on thier butt all day watching the `` family '' argue and OFFEND each other . The best character in the book simply dissappears in the middle of the book , and then she is found dead . Not only that but no one has friends . Not even your spouse is your friend . What kind of wack society does n't have friends . This book needs to be re-written , and seriously re-done
 As much as I love Ray Bradbury and all of his books , he should have the good sense to have an actor read Farenheit 451 -- Ray stumbles and mumbles his way through the book , to the point that his beautiful writing loses all it 's power and grace . Ca n't recommend this version , although the last disc is a nice interview with Ray about his writing process .
 I was very disappointed when I received this book . I order it for my childs school project , the book could not be used . Most of the pages where underlined in black magic marker , which bleed through to the other sides and the book had notes written in the margins . Very displeased , I had to go to a bookstore and buy another book . Lesson well learned .
 I absolutly hated this book , It not only bored me but it aggervated me to the fullest . It was n't realistic and the things that happen in the book were just stupid ! Not to mention the main character 's wife was just a moron , and who wants to burn books ? I mean thats alittle odd , burning down houses because people owned books , ahhhhhhh , not a good book
 I AM A FRESHMEN AND I WAS REQUIRED TO READ THIS BOOK.I AM ON PAGE 29 . I DO N'T GET A WORD I HAVE READ . I FEEL LIKE I 'M READING IN A DIFFERENT LANGUAGE . MABY IT 'S BECAUSE I 'M YOUNG.OR BECAUSE I 'M ONLY ON PAGE 29 . ALL I KNOW IS THAT I 'M LOST.I WOULD LIKE TO THANK ALL THE OTHER PEOPLE WHO REVIEWED THIS BOOK . YOU HAVE HELPED ALOT .
 Ray Bradbury was a fantastic WRITER . I wish he would have stuck to his strengths . Choosing to read this book himself for the audio recording was a tremendous mistake . His speech is , at times , nearly unintelligable -LRB- He was over 80 years old at its recording -RRB- . What should have been a wonderful audio book ended up being a complete chore to listen to . Writers of films know enough to cast proffesionals to act-out their visions . Writers should be no different . Do yourself a favor , read the book yourself .
 This may be a classic story , but Ray Bradbury is not a classic reader ... I could n't get through 5 minutes of his voice . I DO look forward to reading the actual book !
 I bought this book on tape as read by the author . It is excruciating to listen to . Do n't get this ! I should have known that an actor would be a better reader than an author !!
 This is Ray Bradbury 's worst book . I can not believe ... a good writer bombs here . 1st , Clairsse McCellan , the only one who I like in the book ... , then the book skids downhill from there . 2nd , There is a lot of taking the Lord 's name in vain , which is breaking a commadment and is a sin . Mr. Bradbury could do better .
 This book was horribly written !! It confused more than it enlightened !!! I did not enjoy it at all and I never plan to read it again .
 You always here of classics being read by generation after generation , this is n't one of those . It should be burned itself . I ca n't believe i read this dumb book
 I ordered a book for my grandson 's school summer reading program . The book was supposed to be Fahrenheit 451 and I received a totally different book . I returned the book and by the time another book could be sent would be too late.I probably will not order from this site again .
 For the past few years , I 've been reading a lot of `` classics '' -LRB- everything from ancient epics/mythologies/Arthurian legend/Matter of France to Chaucer/Shakespeare to Kant/Hegel/Kierkegaard to the 19th-Century Russian novels to Borges , Joyce , Woolf , Kundera , etc. -RRB- , so I approached this work from a very literary perspective and with a reasonably solid foundation in literature . That being said , I am not entirely sure why this is considered a modern `` masterpiece . '' The concept is okay despite being derivative of earlier novels -LRB- of which , as has been said elsewhere , `` Brave New World '' and `` 1984 '' are prime examples , though I think he owes a fair amount to Kafka as well -LRB- and , given the relatively prevalent fear of totalitarianism/tyranny throughout history , probably many others as well -RRB- -RRB- , but the execution is unexceptional to say -- er , type -- the least.I find the writing to be sophomoric and unpredictable
 I feel almost guilty giving this book a review like this , it is hailed as a classic and usually when I read books that are considered classics I can see the many strong qualities that put them on the ` classic ' pedestal . But I must be honest , I 'm not going to make this book sound better then I thought it was simply because it is considered a classic . The only redeeming quality this book really has is the overall idea and like many reviewers have already pointed out - the idea is good , the execution of said idea is quite lacking.This story follows Guy Montag , a fireman . Unlike the firemen of today , these firemen burn books rather than put out fires . The world has become a dystopian society that favors pleasure over reality . We almost have a ` stepford-society ' of sorts . Critical thinking is said to create sadness and conflict so something must be done about it . The books must be burned.In Fahrenheit 451 Montag has an epiphany after talking with his light-hearted neighbor Clarisse . Clarisse represents the very thing this society is trying to rid . Guy Montags wife represents the opposite . You can already see the conflict here , so what is Guy to do?I 'll admit the first 40 pages or so really had me going . The story was unique and the message was interesting . I did notice right away that Bradbury likes to be overly-poetic in some parts , and a straight-shooter in others . His writing is a little inconsistent but I was able to look past that . At first I really hated Montags wife -LRB- a good thing , when books conjure up these types of feelings then they are doing their job -RRB- and I really felt empathetic towards Guy . The problem is that this book really started becoming silly . The characters really become forced and the plot as a whole takes an eye-rolling turn for the worst . The ending is one of the most forced endings I 've ever read . This book could have been written a million different ways and Bradbury chose a really silly path . I had to force myself to finish the book and I started to lose my feelings towards the main characters , I just started to not care anymore . It 's almost as if Bradbury had a good idea for a short-story one day and forced it into a novel.In the end I would give this book a 2.5 / 5 . There are some interesting ideas and some of the writing is pretty good , though it is inconsistent . Unfortunately I ca n't give half-stars so it 's either a 2 or a 3 . Tough choice but ultimately this book was more on the disappointing end of the spectrum for me .
 I first read this book in my L.A. class at school . This book has many meanings tied into it . Fahrenheit 451 is different then what I usally read . This book has so many hidden detals in it . In this book I can acutally see our world now ending up like the world in this book . The author of this book was brillant to make up a world like this . The main character Montag was great I could realt to him and put myself in his shoes that 's what I like so much about this book . If I did n't read this book in class I probably would never read it.Hi Ms. O !!!!
 Fahrenheit 451 , by Ray Bradbury , takes place in a futuristic society where reading books , or the written word , is against the law and if you get caught all of your belongings , house and all , get burned to the ground.Even though this book is completely unrealistic to our society and has firefighters burning down homes instead of saving them , it offers an insight to what live would really be like if there was no written word and if technology ruled our lives.Guy Montag , the main character and our look into the firefighting world , is a man content with his life and never thought of the right and wrong of his job until one day when everything goes wrong and he feels that his freedom is being oppressed.This novel contains some action and it better reading for an older reading audience but will be liked for years to come .
 I really did not enjoy this book at all . I felt that the plot was hard to follow and somewhat confusing . Some people have said that this book is written for high school students , but I really do n't think that it is . I 'm a freshman in high school and I really did not understand what was going on . I figured it out enough to kind of follow the story , but definitely not enough to actually get into the book . This is one of only about 3 books that I have ever read that I did not perfectly understand and enjoy . The basic idea of the plot is that Guy Montag , a fireman in the future , is paid to burn down houses that illegally store books in them . He meets some other characters -LRB- such as Clarisse , a 17 year old who lives in his neighborhood -RRB- who help him open his eyes to the world that he is being so blind to . If you enjoy reading about censorship or science fiction , this book might be okay for you . If you like stories that are pretty easy to follow and have a more realistic plot , do n't bother . -- luckiestarre
 This book is one of the worst I have read !! Classic or not it still was bad !!! I had to read this for school and I hated it ! It was soo simple . Only one thing happens in the entire book and that one thing is n't even exciting !
 I thought this would be a interesting look at the future , and since it 's heralded as a great classic , I decided to read it . I 'm sorry , but this book is just DISTURBING . I could n't even bring myself to finish it . The plot was confusing , the characters were dull , and the idea is to horrid to contemplate . The `` hero '' , Guy Montag , is a strange man in the beginning , and becomes a fugitive murderer later on . Unless you want to see an awful , bleak look into the future , DO NOT READ FAHRENHEIT 451 !
 I read this book and i hated it . Do n't waste your money on it . It will ruin any respect you have for books . Three words
 I first read this book for an English assignment at school . After reading the first few pages I was completely lost . Bradbury expresses a world far different from ours which can seem scary and unrealistic . It is very easy to get caught up in all the different things that happen and it is hard to get into the mood of the plot . Definetly not the greatest book in the world . Personally , I hated the book .
 I am sorry this book did not make any sense and I am a straight A student . If you have a choice I would n't pick this one .
 Heyyyy I had to read this book for school and it was the worst thing I ever read . A worthless good for nothing piece of junk ! Actually it is good for something . I took this book with me to rifle practice and i shot at this instead of the target . I got busted but hey it was worth it . Mail me if you want a picture of my shooting .
 first of all i was assigned to read this book for a class . it started out lame . and all it did was get worse . who cares about a firefighter who burns book . now come on , i could write a book , about books , ten times better then that . maybe if the books had names and talked then maybe it would of caught my attention .
 This book really sucks . It makes no sense whatsoever and is a waste of my time . Ray should have had better things to do
 This book started out weird and ended up wierd and boring ! The author has a good idea . We should read instead of watching TV , but if this book is one of the choices you had better turn the TV back on . I mean who in his right mind would ever write a book with 4 wall TVs , robot dogs , and burning books . And the story never really had an ending . It just stopped , I guess to end the boredom . I think the author had to get some sort of deal with all the teachers to assign this book . How else would it get on the required reading list ? Maybe he gives 50 % of the profits from sales . Please do n't buy this book , you are supporting a lunatic .
 This small book starts off nicely with a `` Fireman '' name Montag walking down the street . This takes place in the future where books are banned , and fireman set fires to houses with books . It 's a world where the government controls everything , and people are content watching television . As Montag walks he encounters a strange girl . A inquisitive teenager who tends to slowly open Montag 's eyes to the life that himself and the government has tried to prevent him from seeing.However , the book goes downhill from there . We later learn that the girl died , maybe or maybe not by the government . Then all forms of subtlety are thrown out the window . Montag burns a lady and her house down , but only after picking up a few books . He starts a conversation with a former literature professor , who discusses how the government and people disengaged themselves from the world of literature , and how to change their thinking . The worst part was when his fire chief enters his house and gives the typical bad guy expose to the good guy on what the government is trying to do . This dialogue is extremely forced and contrived and quickly bores the reader along while taking away much of the imagination of the what and why.He later kills that fireman and goes on the run after his house burns down , only to be left in a the countryside as a survivor , and tries to resurrect the world of books and open thinking . This again overtly ties into an over the top message on the good of literature and open-mindedness . For those who value subtlety and imagination , this book is not for you . While I respect and admire Bradbury 's plot and perspective , it could have been done in a much more presentable , believable , thought provoking , and by far more engaging way .
 I read the book Fahrenheit 451 for English class and was not impressed with the way the story was written . In general , the book is about censorship . It is the story of a society where books are outlawed because the lead to conflicting points of view , offend minorities , and cause confusion . Firefighters have the job of finding ` criminals ' who are hiding books in thier homes and burn the books.I found this book to be boring and unexciting . There was very little description and this led me to be confused about several parts of the book . A few of the repeated aspects of the story were never fully described which led me to be unsure of what exactly they were . For example , the seashell radio that Montag 's wife Mildred uses . A little more description would have made me understand more clearly , what it did and said . I was also confused about what the ` family ' was that Mildred and her friends were constantly watching on the wall . These details of the story made me lose interest in the book . I also think that the reason for banning books was not made extremely clear . More solid reasons should have been given , other than the vague explanations.Another fact that I found annoying was that houses were fireproofed in this society . That is why firemen as we know them were not needed any longer . Therefore , it seems to me that the firemen in the book should not have been able to burn the houses of the people hiding books.The most exciting and best part of the book came at the end when Montag had escaped from his old world and was living with intellectuals away from civilization . Montag and his new friends survive an attack during a war and set out to rebuild the world . Although this book ended better than it began , I do not recommend it .
 this is very dissapointing , cause after all i heard about the book i thought it suppose to be a masterpiece , but after reading it i discoverd that the writing is very poor , the story is bery weak , and the plot is dull.i think the book lost most of it 's taste - a similat book like 1984 is more prefferd to read .
 Bradbury has set forth some interesting ideas and prophecies in this book but as far as entertaining and suspensful goes I would give it about an `` F '' grade . It squeeks two stars .
 I have infinite patience when I am personally pretentious , self-absorbed , and dull . I do n't have the same patience when I read books that are that way , though.The story is about a futuristic world where knowledge , thought , and argument have been banished in favor of momentary happiness , thrill , and pleasure . The protagonist , Guy Montag , is a fireman . In the future , instead of fighting fires , they are in charge of lighting them . They are the front line defense for society against the societal decay caused by books , so their job is to go around burning down the houses of those who own and read books . Montag , at some point , realizes the importance of books and instantly becomes an enemy of the state , a target of the same department that he worked for.One problem with this book is in the fact that Bradbury ca n't create a realistic world in which these events could become a reality . Granted , he was writing 50 years ago , so he would n't have had knowledge of the type of entertainment which exists today , but all he seems able to conjure up is the concept of immediate , personalized entertainment as if that is the only type of entertainment that would remain . He creates a world -LRB- or just a city , because this type of environment only seems to exist in the city -RRB- where people are zombies sitting in their homes surrounded by television screens that are running all the time telling the people what they should think and feel . Conceptually he was n't wrong , it 's just his clumsy handling of the telling . He ca n't create a solid series of steps that lead from the present day to that future -LRB- though he tries -RRB- . He ca n't recreate the sort of television show that these people would watch , and he ca n't explain clearly why anyone would want to watch it.Beyond the setting , the characters themselves are one-dimensional . They are all archetypes , and none have the spark of life which would make them interesting . Clarisse , the dangerous intellectual adolescent ; Montag , the newborn Man whose eyes have recently been open ; Faber , the reluctant wise man ; Beatty , the hardened symbol of the State , who is a very capable parry to the thrusts of Faber ; none of the characters have any depth whatsoever.The writing itself was a pain to read . Bradbury ca n't seem to figure out which word he needs to use , so he opens a thesaurus and dumps as many words as he can onto the page . In addition , he wanders off on tangents without bringing those tangents back to the main storyline . Furthermore , his dire need to make his point -LRB- a panoply of ideas is good , not bad -RRB- by either having the characters themselves soliloquize it , or by doing it himself in wandering , dull monologues . This is the sort of self-absorption I allude to in the title to this review.To drive home the fact that Bradbury thinks he 's God 's gift to knowledge , the afterword and coda and interview with the author leave nothing to the imagination . According to Bradbury himself , he 's got tons of ideas of how to make the story better . None of those ideas have to do with improving the writing , just making each character 's monologue longer . He claims to refrain from adding those updates to this edition of the book -LRB- 50th anniversary edition -RRB- because he feels the original text , as the author wrote it , is pristine and perfect . His contempt for editors is plainly spelled out at various places in the tacked-on content.I really ca n't recommend this book to anyone who has already graduated from high school . The story is poor . The writing is poor . The author 's point is all it 's got of value , and even that is nothing special . It may be helpful to know the character of Guy Montag in case it ever comes up in conversation , but other than that , I ca n't think of any reason to spend time with this book . 2 stars
 If you are a high-school student , this would be a stunner , but to anyone with a little more life experience and a shred of political awareness , the book comes across as dated , patronizing and condescending .
 Fahrenheit 451 is a great book to read but deadly to listen to on the CD . Ray Bradbury reads in expressionless monotony . I tried to listen to the first CD five times and finally gave up . Stick with the book where you can supply your own voices .
 I am frustrated by the sloppiness of this book . From what I understand , Bradbury sat in a library and wrote it in a few weeks , and it shows . Montag is introduced as a man happy in his job . The meeting with Clarisse blows his mind ! But then Bradbury throws in numerous details indicating that his dissatisfaction has been mounting for some time . Although Montag is purportedly of a divided mind , the development of his character is very abrupt and unconvincing . But why develop what is essentially a mouthpiece for your own ranting ? Blech . Bradbury 's ideas have come to fruition in our time , but , ironically , his own work is not literature at all . I do not understand why this work is lauded as a classic .
 This book is pretty good , except it is definitely very advanced . It was very confusing , especially the `` TV family '' which I did not understand at all . It is more of an adult book .
 Fahrenheit 451 by Ray BradburyI didnt really like this book , it was all just people rambling on and on about how there life sucks , the whole worlds sucks , and burn books . I dont know how you could enjoy this book . People just talk to talk in this book . Its about a guy named montage that is a firefighter . He burns things instaed of putting fires out . He meets a wierdo girl who talks nonsense , this guy starts to think what hes doing starts reading books and gets caught . He then has to burn his books . He doesnt want to go to jail so he Runs away .
 I struggled through this book . If I had n't had to read it for school , I would have dropped it immediately . The story is dark and unhappy , and the writing style is so flat and boring . It seems as though the author is trying to use big flowery words and stuff , but it does n't work at all . This is a horrible book .
 This book was way too weird for me and there was never a hook of curiosity . I was assigned to read this for school so that is the only reason i continued to read to the end . It made no sense and was very dull .
 Before I was forced to read this book by my eigth grade reading teacher , I had heard from people that it was pretty amazing and thought provoking . They were wrong . The only credit I can give this book is that it is the only one that has ever made me fall asleep . Its inconsistent plot and awful use of surreal events were written down in a rambling , incoherent jumble of thoghts , even if you can call them that . Even if it had any type of meaning or hidden morale , this supposed `` work of art '' was unbearably boring and slow . Maybe I 'm not yet old enough to be able to pick out any real substance from the book 's paragraph after paragraph of * @ # $ , but I do applaud anyone who had the strength to get past the first chapter . I end my review with some `` poetic justice '' of my own ... I burned this book !!!
 This book sucked . I am forced to read this for my 9th grade accelerated english class and it is boring . You can guess what 's gon na happen next throughout the whole book . It makes no real attempt to make a statment on book burnings .
 Too bad this book was n't included among Montag 's targets during his career as a `` fireman . '' He sure would have done us all a big favor by sparing us the agony of trying to trudge through this trash . Life is too short ... do n't waste one minute with this no-brainer !
 Ray Bradbury tries to write a bestseller in this boring novel . He keeps the audience in the book for about three pages , then everyone falls asleep . If he could do it again , I think he should have never written books in the first place .
 This book does n't deserve a maximum of 1,000 words ! It is pointless and inconsistent . Do n't read it ! How could our society ever become one not dependent on books for knowledge and wisdom ?
 This book makes absolutely no sense at all . I read the first page and I did n't like it . I have to read it for school and I have fallen asleep 4 times reading it . All of my friends hate it to . We have a test on the 2nd day of 8th grade . Even using the Cliffs Notes did n't help at all . I do n't recommend this book to anyone .
 I had to read this book for school and I abolutely hated it . To start off with , it was n't very well written and the characters and situations were unbelieveable and boring . Montag was a very odd character and hard to relate to and it bugged the -LSB- STUFF -RSB- out of me how he cried about everything ! The book did n't really have a very powerful message either . It was basically do n't watch TV , read books . The world will be lost without them ! And the whole thing about the stupid Harvard degrees on the railroad tracks was cheesy and stupid . If you can memorize a piece of literature so easily , what 's the point for books ? I compared this book to Orwell 's 1984 , which I read last year , and there was no comparison . This book was not nearly as chilling and thought provoking and failed horribly in getting it 's point across . With all the talk of firemen burning books , you were tempted to put a match to this one . I also disagree with a major point of the book that implies with the loss of literature comes the loss of morality . The book took place in the future but not that far in the future . I got the idea that it took place only one or two generations after it was written . The morality of the world could not be lost in that amount of time .
 The book Fahrenheit 451 by Ray Bradbury in my opinion is extremely confusing and difficult to read . The setting is in a futuristic world , where books are banned and anyone who is caught with books are prosecuted . The main character , Montag , is a fireman whose job is to burn books . The world he lives in is plain and dull , and he becomes desperate for something exciting , so he begins to read the books that he burns . Once caught by his fellow fireman , Montag must flee from his home and run away to escape imprisonment or possibly death . In the book , some of the concepts are hard to understand , and the futuristic conceptions in the book may confuse the reader . The vocabulary is n't too difficult , but there are sections of the book that may set the reader off track . I would n't recommend this book to anyone younger than the seventh grade level , and I would recommend this book to people who like science-fiction . Personally , I thought this book was very boring and it did n't capture my interest .
 If it is , then I will imediatly torch the books to bits and pieces . The book proves one point to me
 I had to read this book for school . I , personally , do n't care for any type of science fiction , so that could play a part in my rating , but it was very confusing and not worth my time . The book is about Guy Montag who is a fireman from three or four hundred years in the future where firemen cause fires instead of putting them out . The book mentions people Montag meets and is friends with and about his failing relationship with his wife . There are many ` futuristic ' objects in this book which keeps you thinking and confused . The book ends in a chase which was by far the best part . If you do n't enjoy science fiction , I do not recommend this book for you . I only read it because it was required of me .
 I had to read this for school . The idea of the book at fist sounded really cool and for a moment I thought I might accually enjoy reading this story . In the end , I hated just as much as everyone else in my class . Montag 's wife was annoying to me and Bradbury 's ideas are really intersting . Too bad he ca n't write his way out of a paper bag . This book was a waste of time . Never read it unless its required and theres a test on it . Then you could make an exception , I guess .
 I enjoy historical fictions , so I knew `` Fahrenheit 451 '' was not my style , but I thought I would give it a go anyway . Well , I hated it . I did not like Ray Bradbury 's style and I think he needs help ! Who in their right mind would think of our world becoming so controlling and horrible ? There are a lot of unanswered questions and undefined terms in this book , so you better get the Cliff 's Notes , because without them , you 'll be lost . Do not be surprised if you do not finish this book quickly , either ! I did find the subject of book banning and censorship interesting , but I think it could have been told differently . I do not recommend this book !
 the book has a good theme but it just dragged on . i did not like this book . montag is stupid to revolt in the first place he knows its the law and he knows what will happen to him if he does . Why did clarisse die there was no point to that just one day mildred said she was dead and montag was like oh ok it was lame and boring . i recomend this book to no one .
 I thought this was the worst book I ever read . There was no point and way to confusing . he would ramble on about stuff not even importnat to the plot ! i hated reading this ! stay away from this book !
 Fahrenheit 451 lists in my top 5 of worst books ever . my english class had to read it . i didnt even read the lastsection . by the time the first test rolled around , i hadnt even read 10 pages . i evenually forced myself to read it but stopped when i got to last section cause i thought if i read anymore , i might die . i felt no connection to the characters , no emotion towards them . Everything is drawed out way to much . when he could easly say something in a couple pages , he takes like 50 to tell one little minor thing . For me , its really boring and stupid . For u , many ur will like it . Maybe not . Cant no until u attempt to read it -LRB- NOTE
 I think this book is n't worth the money you pay for it . Ray Bradbury does not describe the story very elaborate and and so e.g. it is very difficult to understand what the people are talking about.Furthermore , the tension the fireman acts with does n't get clear in the description by Bradbury . This is a very bad style of telling a story and makes me think the author himself did n't like the story.The dialogues between the fireman , Montag , and the girl he meets on the street are forced and do not seem vivid . So it is a great effort reading it.I have to read this book at school and I do not have any motivation to analyze it .
 I had to read this when I was in high school . So did my children . Now my GRANDCHILDREN have to read it ! None of us has been able to discover WHY ! Of all of the superb books I have read in my life , not ONE has ever been selected for required summer reading !
 I had to read this book for school , and it is one of the most boring books I 've ever read . There are three sections , and all that the main character , Montag does in the first section is meet a girl named Clarisse and talks to her once or twice and starts `` considering '' his job as a fireman burning books . This should give you a rough overview of what the book is like
 I have always liked this book to read so I thought I would get it on CD . Ray Bradbury reads it , and it is very bad . It was so painful to listen to his voice I had to turn it off . He reads in such a monotone voice it put me to sleep . Someone needs to re-make the CD 's .
 The message of this book is that you always need books , no matter if you have internet , TV or whatever , you always will need a book , this message is written in a book of almost 200 pages , so if someone that does n't like to read reads this book that person will never read again no matter the message , this book goes out of the story so many times that you almost forget that story , maybe the only book who needs to be burnt is this one .
 when i read Farenheit 451 , my first impression was that this book is so screwed up . i mean like who would want to not read a book . thats just so wrong . the one thing i did like about the book was Guy 's wife , Mildred . i liked her alot because she said that the t.v was her family . she was a little crazy though . i also liked the part where she called the firemen and told them that Guy had books . then she walked out on him . i also liked the mechanical dog . that was something very original . i gave the book 2 stars because i really thought that it was a waste of time to read it . but you know , that is only my impression of the book.Writen By : Jessica C.
 I did n't really care for this book . Fahrenheit 451 is not far-fetched though . I think some of the material mentioned in this book really could happen in the future if we let it . This is a fairly good book overall , but I 'm rating it a 2 out of 5 stars because I was just confused . I am a freshmen in high school and my whole Literature Pre-AP class had to read Fahrenheit 451 for an assignment . Now I know what you 're probably thinking , well of course it 's going to be confusing for a freshmen . But , I beg to differ . This book is written good I suppose , but the story jumps around too much and certain parts come up and it is just plain confusing -LRB- i.e. Dentham 's Dentifrice -RRB- . Well that is about all I have to say about this novel . I 'm sure if I read it over again I would enjoy it more . But I do n't think this book would be much more than 2 or 3 stars .
 Fahrenheit 451 was a disappointing book for a reader who is not an avid science fiction lover . This book is very difficult to read . The correctors a sometimes very confusing to understand . The setting is also very hard to have a visual picture . Although the plot is very good the way that it is described is hard to understand . I think if you are a science fiction lover that you would like this book . But if you sometimes like to read science fiction you will not like this because you have to be a huge science fiction lover to like this . I also think you need to be above the 6th grade or a very advanced reader .
 The story of Fahrenheit 451 is a complicated one that tries to explain the future in an odd way that is not often expressed . It brings you into the warped mind of a fireman , who burns books rather than puts fires out . This book proves to be very novel and is interesting at times , but at other points it just seems boring and outright ridiculous . When I read this novel it made me think of what the present day government might do behind our backs to censor certain materials , but the novel can be so confusing that it is hard to find the relationship . Despite these setbacks , it shows how a few wrong moves and decisions by humans today can end up in grave results in the future.In this story , the main character Montag begins to run into people that alter his mind and make him think about the ethics of his job , which of course is burning books . Montag used to live his life smelling of kerosene , ravaging people 's houses , and setting books aflame , but he wants to know why he is doing these deeds in the first place . It is sort of difficult to see how books could be so horrible that they should be banned and burned . You learn later in the story , if you can read inbetween the lines of difficult language , that the government has put a ban on all books to prevent them from corrupting the minds of the people living at the time . Montag learns this and begins to live two lives ; one as a fireman , and the other as a madman hiding books in the vents of his house . While this is happening a war is going on that is so hard to understand and so irrelevant that it should just be ignored . The book continues to become more confusing , and the end is just unimaginable and pointless.If you love books that are outdated and totally science fiction , then this is the novel for you . It is a great piece of work that was new and exciting when it was written , but to most people today it would just seem odd and nauseating at times . It is totally unbelievable , and it was difficult for me to sit down and read this story because it was so complex and involved . It takes a person with an extremely vivid imagination to read this novel . It was meant to show how people can not let the government get out of control because they will eventually corrupt and control the minds of every last person on the planet , but this point is lost somewhere amongst the many plots and twists . It tends to be very odd take on the subject , and I would not really recommend using your time to check it out .
 I 'm sorry seeing as everyone considers this book a `` classic '' , I hate to disappoint you , but it is not that wonderful of a book . I did not particularly enjoy this book . I was forced to read it for my 8th Grade AP English class and was n't very thrilled about it . Bradbury goes on for pages of poetic nonsense that many do n't and would n't want to understand . The book has a wonderful message and I am disappointed in Bradbury for this horrible representation of such a wonderful theme . Too many questions left unanswered for the mind to ponder . I mean who does n't like thinking about a book ?? Well I certainly do but there are just too many loose ends . And the characters are n't elaborated on enough . They are almost all left as flat charachters which does n't make for a most enjoyable book . Many have read and many have been disappointed . Bradbury has many other works , I highly reccomend reading one of those instead of this book which lacks good plot or character development . It also has very little plot action and is n't very interesting . So take my advice and DO NOT READ THIS BOOK .
 This book was suggested to me to read over the summer . We had read some of Ray Bradbury 's other books in school and I had n't liked them , but i thought i might like this one . I did n't . Even though it is suggested for students older than me I think I still understood it enough to have reasons for not liking it . First of all , I did n't find any certain plot to it . You could understand that the main character was not happy , but nothing told you why clearly . I found it very boring because of the way they went from one event to another without really tying them together . Also , the way the author compared the characters thoughts to real life examples most of the time did n't make very much sense and sometimes you could n't tell the difference between something really happening or if it was all in their mind . From the start it did not seem to be going anywhere . I would not suggest this book to anyone of my age or anyone interested in adventure books , because this is n't . The only thing i can say i liked about this book is the character Clarisse McClellan , she seemed intersting and I think she should have played a more active role in the story .
 Haing missed this book in school , somehow , I 've always meant to read it since I keep hearing great things about it . I do n't know if my expectations were too high or I 'm just missing something that everyone else sees , but I did n't like it.The idea that political correctness grows into something so ridiculous that not only are books burned , but the houses that they occupy are burned also was just impossible for me to swallow . Add to that only a single character that was likeable at all -LRB- and she was killed off pretty early -RRB- , then a pretty boring story to go along with it , and the only reason I was able to finish it was because it was so short.I do n't see any reason why anyone would want to read this book , but I 'm clearly in the minority on this one , so maybe you 'll like it better than I did .
 I had to read this book in my sophomore Honors English class . Basically , it is about book-burning and the importance of books . BUT IF YOU WANT TO IMPART TO YOUR STUDENTS THE IMPORTANCE OF READING , LET THEM READ SOMETHING THAT IS AT LEAST INTERESTING ! Instead of having your students read Fahrenheit 451 , let them read DUNE -LRB- and do n't say it 's bad because the movies were ! -RRB- , or HARLAN ELLISON , or PHILIP K. DICK . NOT this pocket-protector , suit and tie business writer , Bradbury . I 've tried reading some of his other stuff . He 's not that good . This book was okay , but nothing great and certainly nothing I would spend money on or read again . Have you ever heard of `` show , do n't tell '' ? This book only TELLS why books are important . But let the student read a good book and that will SHOW them why books are important . This is one of many rotten books that I have read in High School . It 's no wonder , with book selections like these , that students do n't read and are illiterate .
 I marked one star only because I can not give it anything lower . I placed this order on Jan. 10 . Time to get the order came and went . Here it is Feb. 7 , and I still do not have the CD of Fahrenheit 451 . Is this company located on the moon ? Why is it taking SO long for my order to get here ? I am MOST displeased . I will never order anything from this company CheapBks4U again . This service is atrocious .
 Last year we had to read this as a class . There were two books our teacher made us read that I hate with a passion this is one of them . I could not stand the way Bradbury writes most authors would say the pit pat of rain he would say the pit pat pit pat pit pat and so on for half a page it was royally annoying and as far as what the guy said about it being about individuality and conformity if you want to read about that read Ayn Rand 's Anthem . It is much better , and deserves its status as a classic unlike this one .
 Bradbury 's Fahrenheit 451 is the story of a man who rediscovers his humanity in a future where there is no genuine thought , no intimitate contact , no passionate emotion . His premise is interesting enough , especially in light of the present state of our culture , however his execution is embarrassingly bad.The plot is predictable and hoaky , the characters are boringly flat , and the dialogue -- perhaps the biggest drawback of the book -- is wooden and unrealistic . Interspersed throughout all of this soap opera melodrama are dreary , quodlibetic references to Shakespeare , Bacon , Milton ... you get the picture.It dawned on me as I was nearing the end of this book that Bradbury could easily have been the child of Ayn Rand and Jacques Barzun . Hamfisted , cardboard fiction from mommy , and tired pedantry from daddy . To be fair , there are a few well-penned lines , and he definitely has a point . But if you 're interested in nightmarish visions of a futuristic dystopia , check out Orwell or Huxley . Bradbury basically took their stories and mashed them together anyway.Again , I ca n't stress enough the importance of this book 's message . Nevertheless , this book , as vehicle for that message , definitely has a flat tire .
 If you are looking for a story about a dystopian society in which the government censors people 's entire lives to the point where citizens are n't even allowed to read , then Fahrenheit 451 the perfect book for you . In the book , Guy Montag is a fireman who burns down houses with books hidden within them . He starts out really dedicated to the job , but then he meets a girl one night walking home from the fire station that really gets him thinking about how he is living his life . Guy begins to rethink everything he does and decides to fight the system . The idea of the story is fantastic ; however the writing is not the greatest . The way Ray Bradbury writes is highly confusing . He uses metaphors , symbolism and similes like there is no tomorrow . He also has a tendency to jump from one topic to the next , one time to the next and one mood to the next . When he is talking about the Salamander when going out on a call to look for , and burn books , he describes the Salamander in great detail and then just switches to talking about the house , at which they have just arrived , without saying anything about the house until after the explanation of the house . So while the reader thinks Bradbury is still describing the Salamander he has actually gone into talking about a house instead . All in all , the book had a great point being that if someone challenges you ; challenge them in return for what you believe to be right and just . However the style of writing just did n't agree with the way my mind thinks . But if you are someone who enjoys metaphors and jumpy writing , this would be a good choice for you to look in to reading .
 In my humble opinion , I find it is riduculous that eBooks cost more than books printed with ink and paper .
 Hi!I guess I did n't look too carefully and missed that text to speech was not enabled.Is there a way to get the publisher to change their mind?Thanks , per
 This summer we read this book . I hated this book for several reasons . First of all , the story was way too jumpy . It started slow , and then randomly got fast . It had absolutly no suspense to it . I found myself forcing myself to read ! I could n't relate to any of the characters ! For instance , some of the characters were too boring . Maybe if I read this book in this book in ten years I would have a different opinion . Another reason why I did n't like this book , is because the characters were n't seen enough . They were all just thrown in at different times . You did n't feel like you got to know them very well and I hate that . I would not recommend this book . I think that Ray Bradbury needs to rethink his book ideas ! I do not want to be critical of Ray Bradbury , but really I could n't stand this book . It had no meaning to me . It also , had a poor plot and setting . For instance , it was plotted in the future yet it was no different than today . I do n't plan on reading anymore or Ray Bradbury 's books !
 Heyyyy I had to read this book for school and it was the worst thing I ever read . A worthless good for nothing piece of junk ! Actually it is good for something . I took this book with me to rifle practice and i shot at this instead of the target . I got busted but hey it was worth it . Mail me if you want a picture of my shooting .
 I thought this was one of the worst books I 've ever read . The characters were entirely unconvincing - e.g. the professor with the strange name who can only express himself using metaphors . The plot is just a predictable and flimsy excuse for a parable about the dangers of modern society . I read it , because I 'd bought it , but I found almost every word an insult to my intelligence .
 Fahrenheit 451 is the worst book I have ever read in my whole life . I was forced to read it in school , and I disguised the book starting at the first page . There is absolutely nothing good in the book . It makes no sense , and I personally do n't think the world will become to be , as predicted in this book . I also find this book very offensive to my religious beliefs . How can a book that takes the name of the Lord in vain , in almost every page , be used as a class novel . Everyone knows that taking the Lord 's name in vain is breaking one of God 's commandments , and is a sin . I have never read a book that was as bad as Fahrenheit 451 in language . I do n't understand how the school boards can justify such a book , and use it for classes . Anyone who has n't read this book , do n't waste your time !
 Confusing , disturbing , and stupid are some of the few words to use when describing this book . Firemen who start fires ?? Come on . Burning every book that exists , this is n't a look into the future . It 's a look into Bradbury 's twisted little mind . Bottom Line ... . Do n't waste your time .
 Fahrenheit 451 , by Ray Bradbury , is a futuristic tale where reading books is illegal . The main character is a man named Montag , a fireman whose job it is to burn books . In this story Montag is secretly reading , even though the punishment for reading is either life in jail or death . In this world there are many technologies that control people 's lives.I think that Ray Bradbury should have done made the plot more clear . At the beginning of this book I was confused about the world where the story took place , which meant I could n't relate to Montag or the story . By the end of the book , I was still left wondering about what happened to certain characters or why certain things happened.There are many ways he could have made this story better . He could have added more conflict in the plot or action in Montag 's life . I did not enjoy the sci-fi aspect of the story because the complex technology interfered with the lives of the characters . Bradbury may be a good writer to many people , but because he did not explain the story clearly , he is n't someone I would choose to read again .
 Sorry to all of the people who loved this book
 I do n't like this book very much . This is the most boring book I have ever read . I will not recommend this book to my friends because it 's boring . `` Fahrenheit 451 '' is about Guy Montag , a fireman , who starts fire but does not putout fires . In this society , the fireman has to set up fires and burn the books . Usually when we hear `` fireman '' , we always think about that their job is to put out fires . It is totally different than we thought , right ? This book is about censorship , that is , people does not have the right to read . In that society , the firemen have the rights to burn . Not only books , but also the houses and people . In this book , an innocent woman who has being burn in her house with her books . How can the fireman has the right to burn a human life , a human life ! Especially a book lover , How ?
 Length :
 This was the worst book I 've ever read . Most of the book was just saying the exact same thing a million different ways . It was an interesting idea behind the book , but it was altogether boring the way it was written .
 ... and this one also ended there . Compared to Orwell 's 1984 and similar works , this novel is teen romance . It light-heartedly bounds through what it likes to think is a dark future . With all respect to the esteemed Mr. Bradbury , it reads more like Futurama.Aldous Huxley and George Orwell both cover this subject in much greater detail and provide a deeper sense of the darkness of our future . The themes of ignorance , gleeful mass-media mesmerism and inner conflict are better represented in their works.If you understand doublespeak , give this one a miss . It 's double-plus-ungood .
 Fahrenheit 451 by Ray Bradbury ... all I can think of is hard to believe , boring , and extremely hard to follow . This story takes place in a place that is supposed to be in the future where books are restricted and illegal . Firemen did not go to set out fires , but to light books on fire . The main character of this story is Guy Montag , who is a fireman . He becomes friends with an odd girl named Clarisse . She changes his mind about his job and how life should really be . Television is more important than family in this story , and Montag 's wife , Millie , refers to the people in the television as her ` family ' . This book was very original and out of the blue and also creative . Ray Bradbury 's writing style was very interesting . He used a lot of skilled vocabulary that was confusing , and the whole book was like a jumble of words that were hard to understand . Some of the ideas in the book did not really pertain to the book 's plot . I would definitely not recommend this book to anyone below the seventh grade . I am a seventh grader in Massachusetts and I hated this book . I did n't like it because it was so boring and it goes really slow . Fahrenheit 451 is this kind of book that makes you feel like reading it was a whole waste of time because it was so boring and pointless . I would recommend this though to people above the seventh grade who like science fiction book . If not , this book is not recommended at all by me .
 I believe this book to be completely and inutterably crazy . I dislike it because of its content . Honestly i have read a lot more interesting books . Slowly i start to understand it but barely . Choice of words is what i believe to not be good . I think the story would be and entirely different book if Ray Bradbury would have chosen maybe some words and word phrases that children might understand better . I suggest to read this book if you feel like you have time . If your into all that science fiction stuff then you would probably enjoy this book much more than i ever will in two lifetimes . Goodluck , you might need it !
 It was one of the most boring books i have ever read in my life.Why everyone in this society is so narrow-minded . Mildred is the most stupid woman i have ever read for and beatty is one of the biggest liar.So i think Bradbury was probably drunk while he was writing this book .
 Being forced to read it in school for its `` so called `` relation to censorship -LRB- sp ? -RRB- I would have to say !! BURN IT !! Althoughthe book is about censorship and why/how it is wrong I ca n't say much good about it . The theme itself is good , but the story itself is trash . One of the most un-realistic ideas i 've ever heard . First off , everyone in the country is an idiot . Second , that includes the hero . Third , even those who have minds of their own have no intellegence . And finally , way to many cracks in the foundation of the story and two many holes in the story itself.L8r .
 At first I thought that Fahrenheit 451 sounded very interesting , and I was glad to see that my 10th grade teachers had assigned the reading of it . By page 3 of the novel , however , I knew this was not a book I would enjoy . While it 's a frightening , though thought-provoking look at the way society could become , it was extremely badly written . Bradbury goes on and on for pages of nonsense , and his words leave you with no more enlightenment than you had 50 pages ago . He uses redundant adjectives , and pointless sentences . I was especially annoyed when he would go `` inside '' Mr. Montag 's thoughts and repeat the same meaningless phrases over and over again . I would n't recommend this book to a single person , and my condolances to any other student forced to waste their time on this . Fahrenheit 451 is one of the few books I would gladly toss in the fire .
 I picked up this book because I had absoutely loved Huxley 's Brave New World and Orwell 's 1984 . I thought I would like this book , considering its subject matter . I was completely wrong . Those that compared this to the other two masterpieces , failed to note one thing
 How ironic that a book about limiting access to books is NOT text-to-speech enabled . By preventing access to TTS , the publisher has denied my blind husband the opportunity to read this book on his Kindle through text-to-speech as he wants to do . He will not buy audio books so the publisher makes no sale at all . He bought his Kindle for the express purpose of being able to read books through the text-to-speech function . Unfortunately , too many books have this feature disabled - often through Simon & Schuster . It is especially ironic that the publisher would limit the blind community 's access through Kindle TTS when this book centers around removing access to books . Everyone loses .
 I read this book after having read 1984 and Brave New World . It 's far less complex in terms of language and expressions than those two , which makes its reading easy and fast . But Farenheit 's story is clearly `` too much '' inspired by Orwell 's and Huxley 's work , with too obvious similarities hard not to be comparable at the same time you go through the book . An example , Farenheit 's big televisions on the walls in the houses . Remember Big Brother speaking from wallscreens in 1984 ? On the other side , Bradbury let us know that books are synonims of `` culture '' , and `` development of thinking '' , which in my opinion are arbitrary statements . There can also be non educative books as there are non educative tv programmes or popcorn movies.And the story changes its course abruptly at the end . The characters that did n't die are running madly across the forests , with an ending that is hardly convincing.My advice would be not to read this book , at least if you 've already read those other two ...
 This book was a hard read because I did n't find it interesting . It was really strange to me . I was required to read it for my English class . I would n't recommend it to anyone because I personally did not enjoy it . I was confused as to what went on the entire way through .
 at 180 pages i realized that i was one-quarter through the story and not even slightly interested in continuing . so i visited amazon ans clicked on the one-star reviews to see if their frustration was my frustration . if i finish it , it will be because i force myself . just before this book , i finished `` on writing '' by stephen king who points out -LSB- i almost wrote emphatically -RSB-
 I do n't think I 'm too dense . But this book was either way over my head or I just did not appreciate it . It definitely got some good reviews , and it 's one of those books that schools force upon you to read . So I gave it a shot . It was an interesting idea and a short read -LRB- thank god -RRB- , but I did n't like how it ended . It kind of gave me the same feeling as Children of Men and The Giver . The Giver is one of my favorite books , so I did not come into this with a prejudice . I just thought it was a really bad book . I 'm glad my high school never forced me to read it .
 We thought this book was a good one , but it started out to be slow and confusing . It is about a person name Guy Montag and he is a firefighter that burns books . He is starting to find out that it is not a good job , and he wants to quiet . This is all i can say because if I tell you any more it will give the book away . I can tell you that this is a science-fiction book , and it involves a different society . This is what makes the book so great.In conclusion , this is a good book , and even though it is hard to read in the begining , it gets much better . \ Thanks for reading this .
 I am admitting this review does not relate to the actual book but to Amazon so with apologies to Ray Bradbury ... Ten bucks ? Really ? Come on Amazon , you know this book is on a lot of school reading lists . My kid loves her Kindle but when I can buy her school reading book lists for $ 2 at the used book store , you lost . In fact , it is a weird circle of irony - we used to buy books , they got too expensive , bought the kindle , it was great , then you made the books expensive again and ... now we buy the books . You lost an opportunity here , Amazon . For the record , she hasnt picked up her Kindle in a month.Too bad for you .
 Some Authors should NOT read their books for the audio format . This is by far the worst I have heard . I found it extremely difficult to follow the story which sounded like it was being read by my great grandfather !
 Reading this book could be compared to watching a train being derailed while high on shrooms . The very definition of convolution , this book is confusing and ultimately pointless.Our hero , Guy Montag , hardly makes a compelling main character . We know him as little more than a book-burner who begins to have doubts about his task . That 's it . Period . Beyond that , he 's not developed at all in the ample page space provided . Any other characters have just bit parts and are painfully obviously killed off as soon as the author does n't need them anymore . It seems Bradbury has misjudged his own timeline , however ; many characters , especially Clarisse McClellan , could have been part of a great supporting cast if they had n't been gotten rid of when he did.Getting back to that `` pointless '' bit - well , that 's just it . I honestly did not take away a single thing from this book . It was completely and utterly uninformative , and the only way it made me think was to try and figure out where the characters where and what they were talking about . An issue in and of itself , the dialogue in Fahrenheit 451 is so heavily-laden with metaphors , and the parts of conversation passed so often between different characters , every time I discovered what they were talking about was a treasured moment . Anyway , the book does n't tell me anything . Guy Montag has doubts about his job , and runs away . Ok . So ? So what ? Why do I care ? This had great potential to be a commentary on the suppression of individuality , but like many other possible routes , that thought had been thrown away in favor of ... well , whatever this book turned out to be.An exercise in idiocy , this book should not be read by anyone who values his or her time . You wo n't learn anything and will ultimately be puzzled as I was when you reach the end of the book . Yet another `` classic '' that does n't deserve the title .
 This book , whilst very good to begin with , fails in the end beacause Bradbury attemptes to beat his message in too late in the piece . He spends too much time describing the story , and his message , as he has rendered it , is too complex to cram into 180 pages . I was told to read this book in school , but was not forced , as i have a passion for reading . Anyone who now loves the name `` clarrise '' for the sole fact that she was a nice person in the novel is a wierdo . But , other than that , i found it to be a tolerablebook , up until the death of beatty , when the novels plot development peters out , and we are left feeling cudgeled for the rest of the novel by its `` moral '' Im only 13 , so nyah BURN THE BOOK ! bradbury has failed miserably in creating this book .
 I thought there was no point to this book what so ever and i dont suggest anyone to read it ... ! i had to read it for school and i didnt even finish it because it was so bad !
 Our book club recently decided to make every other book choice a `` classic '' book which , for one reason or another , none of us has read . Fahrenheit 451 was this month 's choice . After plowing through Bradbury 's self-aggrandizing Foreward AND Introduction , I was ready to be enthralled . No such luck . This had to be one of the most abysmal books of all time . I suspect there 's a bit of The Emperor 's New Clothes -LRB- a much better read , by the way -RRB- going on here . In other words , if you dare to criticize Bradbury , then you must be one of the mindless rubes who hate books and philosophy and creativity and yadda yadda yadda . Fine , whatever . To put it delicately , this book stunk like yesterday 's diapers . I have nothing but sympathy for the poor students who are forced to read this drivel for class -- at least I had the option of putting it down . I am a college English major and a Senior Editor at a major publishing house , as well as an avid reader . Bradbury 's over-the-top vision of intellectuals being rebellious outsiders who are hunted down is hilariously vain . His celebration of intellect above all else excludes other virtues such as love , compassion , humor , etc. . Interesting how these themes are given such short shrift . Bradbury is an overheated , macho , pseudo-intellectual with a chip on his shoulder . After reading this , all I wanted to do was flip on the TV and watch Three 's Company reruns in order the cleanse the palate .
 This book could have easily been summed up in 30 pages ! Not that I do n't love attention to detail in stories , because I do , but F. 451 just dragged . It was a great concept and good plot but there was certain scenes where Bradbury overevaluated and overexplained everything ! I 'm never touching this book again .
 Ray Bradbury 's 1953 novel Fahrenheit 451 is a science fiction classic that , somehow , I 'd never read . With Bradbury 's recent death , I decided it was time to remedy that . Unfortunately , I was severely underwhelmed by Fahrenheit 451 , and found it lacking in many ways.Fahrenheit 451 is a dystopian novel that , despite prominently featuring book-burning , posits dystopia-by-entertainment , like Aldous Huxley 's Brave New World , as opposed to dystopia-by-oppression , like George Orwell 's 1984 or Margaret Atwood 's The Handmaid 's Tale . The evil of the Fahrenheit 451 is not censorship , but television , which has made people so dumb and uninterested in the world that -LRB- almost -RRB- no one even cares that firemen now burn books , instead of putting out blazes.The main character is Guy Montag , one of these firemen , who , after a few chance conversations with a young girl next door , realizes he 's doing bad things and that the world is a mess . This pushes him to start to consider reading the books he 's supposed to be burning , and the novel moves on from there.Montag , and the other characters in the book , all seem flat . Part of this is that there 's no real dialogue or conversations in the book . With the exception of Guy 's horrid wife and her friends who basically say `` Shut up , my shows are on ! '' all book , every time a character opens their mouth , it seems they launch into a diatribe - the protagonist and his allies for books , and the antagonists against them . There 's no real debate of ideas , and the characters all seem like mouthpieces for Bradbury , either for his anti-technology position or straw men for the anti-book position.The idea of a dystopia brought on by entertaining the citizens into apathy is a perfectly good one , and Huxley did a fine job with it in Brave New World . However , I just could n't buy Bradbury 's take . As far as he 's concerned , technology can only be used to placate the masses through their wall-sized TV 's or proto-Walkmen . In Fahrenheit 451 , the means of content creation still rest , as they did in the ' 50 's , in the hands of the few . This fails to account for the way technology really played out . Sure , we all have huge HDTV 's and smartphones with Bluetooth headphones , but we also use all this fantastic technology to connect with people around the world in ways never before possible , and we seek out alternate sources of information that could never have reached nearly as as many people . Sure , plenty of people just let TV rot their brains , but I 'm not convinced that 's any different today than the ' 50 's , and the technology now has so many other fantastic and worthwhile uses Bradbury ignores or ca n't predict . Bradbury also ignores that a large percentage of books are n't any better than TV . Just because it 's printed on a dead tree does n't make it Plato or Dickens.Let me also say something about the end of the novel and the war background thread . All through the novel there 's imminent threat of war , though - perhaps this is to reflect the characters ' lack of concern - what the war is about , who it 's with , or how it will be fought is never really addressed , until the end of the book . All of a sudden , it pops up in a major way , and then a page or two later the book 's over . It 's like Bradbury ran out of story and decided `` Eh , I 'll just toss in a mention or two of war earlier in the book , then let that take care of everything at the end . '' Maybe this is related to the fact that Fahrenheit 451 started as a short story , was expanded to a novella , then expanded again to a novel . Maybe there just was n't enough story to flesh the ideas out to that long a format . In any case , the war thread is a horrible deus ex machina -LRB- see 1984 for how to weave war into a dystopian story effectively -RRB- , and the ending is almost a non-ending . I do n't mind a grim or ambiguous ending , but Fahrenheit 451 ca n't even deliver in that way.The writing style also gave me problems . Bradbury goes on for paragraphs describing scenery in repetitive flowery language , then in a plain sentence or two you hardly notice , he slips in a major event with little emphasis . It 's just uneven , tedious , and makes things hard to follow.I love golden age science fiction from Isaac Asimov and Robert Heinlein , so it 's not that I do n't enjoy the genre or the era . Yeah , 1950 's science fiction has its issues these days , but I do n't mind those too much , as writers like Asimov an Heinlein penned entertaining stories with lasting messages . I know Bradbury is looked at in a similar way , but from Fahrenheit 451 , I just ca n't put him in the same class as Asimov or Heinlein.I listened to Harper Audio 's 2001 production of Fahrenheit 451 , ready by Ray Bradbury . I thought it would be interesting to hear the book as envisioned by the author . I was wrong . Bradbury was not an effective narrator . He has a single tone in which he reads . It can be hard to tell if he 's narrating description or reading dialogue , or if he 's reading dialogue , which character is speaking . Conversations -LRB- such as they are , see above -RRB- are horrible to try to follow . I just ca n't recommend anyone , even a hardcore Bradbury fan , listen to this production . There are other versions out there read by professional audio book readers . Get one of them . It has to be better . One other problem with the production are the track times . These are rarely worth mentioning for audio books , but in this case , they are . The tracks range from 1:37 to 28:37 in length , and for no apparent reason . Tracks are n't tied to chapters or anything else I could discern . They just vary wildly in how long they are , which makes it very hard to keep track of where in the book you are . There 's no reason for this . The production includes a 2001 interview with Bradbury after the book itself . The entire production runs approximately 6 hours , and about an hour of that is the interview.I ca n't recommend Fahrenheit 451 . Yes , it has an interesting premise , but Bradbury just is n't up to turning it into a compelling story . If you 're looking for a good dystopian novel , you 'd do better to read 1984 , The Handmaid 's Tale , or Brave New World . And if you still want to read Fahrenheit 451 , do not under any circumstances listen to Bradbury 's narration of it .
 fahrenheit 451 starts off well , but definately doesnt end that way . besides the fact the some characters seem unreal and are impossible to relate to , at one point in the book montag and his friend have an incredibly insightful talk and end it in an idiotic plan , but i wo n't go into that too much . the end is boring and close to impossible to get through . read it , but be prepared .
 The story of Fahrenheit 451 is a complicated one that tries to explain the future in an odd way that is not often expressed . It brings you into the warped mind of a fireman , who burns books rather than puts fires out . This book proves to be very novel and is interesting at times , but at other points it just seems boring and outright ridiculous . When I read this novel it made me think of what the present day government might do behind our backs to censor certain materials , but the novel can be so confusing that it is hard to find the relationship . Despite these setbacks , it shows how a few wrong moves and decisions by humans today can end up in grave results in the future.In this story , the main character Montag begins to run into people that alter his mind and make him think about the ethics of his job , which of course is burning books . Montag used to live his life smelling of kerosene , ravaging people 's houses , and setting books aflame , but he wants to know why he is doing these deeds in the first place . It is sort of difficult to see how books could be so horrible that they should be banned and burned . You learn later in the story , if you can read inbetween the lines of difficult language , that the government has put a ban on all books to prevent them from corrupting the minds of the people living at the time . Montag learns this and begins to live two lives ; one as a fireman , and the other as a madman hiding books in the vents of his house . While this is happening a war is going on that is so hard to understand and so irrelevant that it should just be ignored . The book continues to become more confusing , and the end is just unimaginable and pointless.If you love books that are outdated and totally science fiction , then this is the novel for you . It is a great piece of work that was new and exciting when it was written , but to most people today it would just seem odd and nauseating at times . It is totally unbelievable , and it was difficult for me to sit down and read this story because it was so complex and involved . It takes a person with an extremely vivid imagination to read this novel . It was meant to show how people can not let the government get out of control because they will eventually corrupt and control the minds of every last person on the planet , but this point is lost somewhere amongst the many plots and twists . It tends to be very odd take on the subject , and I would not really recommend using your time to check it out .
 Basically , Fahrenheit 451 is a let down . The drop off ending cuts off the futuristic plot 's potential . There is much colorful vocabulary , but some metaphors are so elaborate and sudden that one hardly knows whether something is actually happening or if it 's just a figment of the character 's imagination . It is more confusing that challenging to read . The main character , Montag , has a fairly interesting conflict . The only problem is that it is not resolved enough by the end of the book to leave the reader satisfied ! Plus , the only moral or meaning from the book is given away early on , leaving nothing to motivate the reader . I recommend this book to nobody , because they will be disappointed .
 Personally , I found the background idea of this book very smart and `` appetizing '' : a world where books were forbidden and the fire-eaters were actually fire-blowers fighting in the name of mind-globalization against the dangers of reading and building your own way to think and to face life . Unfortunately I reckon that the style is weak , words are just thrown without explanesions in the pages , sentences are chopped in a way that often made me feel totally extraneous to the plot . A heavy atmosphere floats in this book and I had to fight hard to keep on reading . In simple words , I 'd mark it 4 out of 5 for the subjects but only 2 out of 5 for the style .
 If you look at Farenheit 451 from the perspective of when it was written , you can be amazed at Bradbury 's prophecy . I tried to keep that thought in mind when reading the book but I was n't able to put myself into any type of Cold War paranoia mind frame and as a result , I kept coming back to my 2011 mindset and thinking , hey , we have bigger fish to fry , or bigger books to burn , nowadays.Anyway , that 's just me.The idea of censorship and government control and general public apathy was interesting , and the idea of society possibly heading there , or already there if you want to think about the obsession with television , is frightening , but when I finished the book I 'm sitting there thinking , That 's it ? That 's all ? So we suffer through all of this to find out that there 's a group of people in the country who have memorized books ? That 's great , books and ideas and free thought live ! , but then what in the world was the whole sense of Montag 's story leading up to that great revelation?I thought Montag was a little wimpy and the whole chase at the end was n't exciting . I found the writing a little difficult to read at times , very choppy and dull . I would n't recommend this book
 Looks like I 'm in the minority here , but I tried and just could n't get through this book . Perhaps I needed a teacher to help me get the symbolism !
 I finally got around to this classic young adult novel . I figured since I 'm in the young adult literature class for my MLIS , I might as well catch up . I never read the book because I was dryly bored by all of Ray Bradbury 's work . I just ca n't seem to feel any passion for science fiction.Not that Fahrenheit 451 is scifi . There is a strong presence of metaphor in this book ; too heavy a presence for my reading delight , though the idea is cute . Firemen ignites fires to destroy knowledge aka power . 1984 with an arson 's twist . But the conclusion was so obvious from the start that I thought , why read what 's in between?Written during an era of Cold War fear , I can see the appeal of his plot . But I wish Bradbury had either revved up the scifi and gave me an all out apocalypse or gave up on the robotic dogs and let the political hounds do more communist hunting .
 I have Always preferred to hear an author read their own works because only they really know what was intended -- until now . Mr. Bradbury has one tone and one tone only and that is carried out with a mush-mouth . It 's just horrendous and painful to listen to . Go find another copy -- trust me -LRB- I would quit but I 'm trying to finish it for a book club -RRB- . Mercifully @ 5 CDs it 's pretty short.Amendment
 I had to read Fahrenheit 451 for class in eighth grade , and from the beginning , I knew this book would turn out be quite eloquent and philsosphical , but also extremely tedious . I almost fell asleep in some occasions . Bradbury does a good job describing sections in the story , but sometimes gets carried away and forgets about some mood . For example , when the city is bombed , there should be some line of chaos and the people inhabiting the city running for their lives . In conclusion , I struggled through the book and only read it out of coercion . I would never read this again .
 At one point Firefighters put fires out , now they start fires . Books are illegal , when found with books in your house , your house is burnt down . The protaganist , Montag is a firefighter who never questioned his job until he met Clarisse . Clarisse makes him think about why books are so wrong . Montag decided to rebel from his job and read books . This is all fine until his plan backfires . His house is burnt down , he loses his friends and his wife leaves him . Now Montag is running from the law ... One character that stands out in my mind is Clarisse . Clarisse is a seventeen year old who enjoy reading . She meets Montag and tells him that at one point books were legal . She explains to him why she reads and tries to convince Montag to read . She changes Montag 's opinion on books.I would recommend this book to anyone interested in futuristic books . This book may get a little confusing at points but it makes you think . You wonder what a world without reading would be like and if a world like this could ever exist .
 Perhaps it is dated . Perhaps it was just built up too much . But this is yet another book that came highly recommended , both by other ` day-to-day ' readers and critics alike , that i just could not enjoy.Bradbury 's tale of a world where books is banned has a powerful and interesting premise . But it does not seem to follow through for me . Which is a shame - here is a book that is about the importance of books in our lives , but it is so boring that rather than ` get something ' out of it , you just come away thinking how boring it is.Or at least i did .
 I 've just finished reading this book and although the premise behind it is intriguing , the books feels unfinished and rushed ... Also , Bradbury 's elegant and descriptive style of writing feels like a shroud that covers the rather poor character development and lack of interesting characters . This book also needs a large section -LRB- that should basically precede the book as it stands now -RRB- dedicated towards describing the overall setting and government climate in order to set the proper mood ... Therefore I can not recommend this title .
 Now , do n't get me wrong
 This book is boring . Unless you are interested in science fiction or Ray Bradbury 's work you probably wont like it . This book takes place in the future in a world where all books are banned . People spend a lot of time watching television . Montag , the main character is a firefighter who burns books . The story of the book is ok but it gets boring and there is no excitement . The book is easy to read and there is n't any very hard vocabulary . Do n't read this book if you are in fourth grade or younger because it might be to hard to read , just stick to the movie if you are interested in this topic .
 I 'll start off saying that `` The Magnus Pack '' was n't my favorite series , I continued it cause of the price.I have never been so disappointed with a female lead ever . Her behavior was atrocious ... . meeting every person and situation with pure hatred , and violence . If someone was nice to her ... . she was a total bitch in return . There was nothing redeeming about her . When she was n't being a crappy to people , she was being materialistic , shallow . At some point in the book , she made a comment that `` she knew she had met some of the people at a party . BUT , they were n't interesting enough to remember their names '' -LRB- friends of her supposed best friend -RRB- . Not to mention the plot never really moved for me . I was pretty much bored through the whole thing , and the sex scenes were n't anything to write home about.So , in the words of our really bad female lead ... . This was so NOT interesting enough to want to remember , I ca n't wait to forget this book , and maybe the whole series . The only reason I finished it was , I did n't have anything else to do while laying in bed with the flu .
 Ms. Laurenston can certainly write a good story , but these characters are not likable . I disliked the book primarily because the heroine is violent , selfish , and a potty mouth . The author tried to substitute money for class and failed . Except for being good in bed and a fashion snob -LRB- if that counts -RRB- , she has no redeeming qualities . And the hero ? Eh , there was soo much potential , most of it unrealized . He really did n't DO anything , everyone else did things around him that he reacted to . He did n't do the kidnapping , he never stood up to the heroine but let her walk all over him , and he could n't even rescue himself.The action and pace were really good , if a bit random , and really good sex scenes . But that was n't enough to make me enjoy a story about a low class witch and her doormat hero .
 I 'd like to state I 'm not a fashionista , nor am I a purist when it comes to someone 's vocabulary ; personally I swear like a sailor when the situation warrants it . However , after finishing `` Here Kitty , Kitty '' these are the two glaring problems in this novel that drove me up a wall.We 're constantly being told by the author that the heroine is an extremely fashionable , well-dressed woman who owns what I 'm going to assume is a high-end boutique , even though we 're never specifically told this . We 're told how she dropped twenty thousand dollars on shoes , dresses , camisoles , skirts , etc. for her to wear while she was in NC and yet what does she stroll around in 90 % of the time ? Shorts and a t-shirt . And not just normal shorts ... jean shorts.A -RRB- NO one who knows and wears the designers D&G ; , Chanel , and Marc Jacobs would be caught DEAD in jean shorts . B -RRB- Jean shorts ? Is the author stuck in the 90 's ? If you 're going to spent a fair amount of paragraph space describing , in detail , how fashion-forward the heroine is , then do n't immediately contradict yourself by putting her in jean shorts , and t-shirts . I 'm pretty sure she also mentioned cut-off jean shorts at one point . Any woman who runs around dressed like that has no room to scoff at chain stores like Old Navy and the GAP , as our esteemed heroine does toward the end of the story.The second glaring error of this work is the language , specifically the over-abundance of swear words . Not only does the heroine drop the F-bomb with alarming regularity , but the hero refers to her at least 10 times as a ` piece of a ** ' - I 'm sorry , but this was just too much . As I stated at the beginning of this review , I 've got a bit of my own problem when it comes to swearing but holy-moly , this heroine does not stop . Ever . She actually thinks it 's big and bad to run around swearing in nearly every single sentence she utters . If I had this novel in print and took a highlighter to every sentence she vocalized that did n't include f *** , or b **** , the color would be few and far between.Even better ? Our esteemed hero seems to think it 's ok ! Uh , news flash to everyone who is NOT from the south and is a little unclear on southern hospitality and southern mores
 `` Here Kitty , Kitty '' is the last entry in Shelly Laurenston 's `` Magnus Pack '' trilogy and tells the story of Sara Morrighan 's friend Angelina Santiago . Angelina is easily as tough as Sara , but not as psycho as Miki . However , she is easily the most foul-mouthed of the three , and that is saying a lot!Laurenston does a good job with her male leads - they are all drop-dead gorgeous and very appealing . Southern tiger-shifter Nikolai Vorislav , aka Nik , is no different.I found it amusing that Angelina was apparently the owner of a successful high-end boutique . I 'm not sure how she became successful with that mouth - few customers would frequent a store with an owner that used such language . I also found it amusing that someone who was such a fashionista spent most of her time in tee shirts and blue jean cut-off shorts - when Nik was n't ripping them off of her , of course . On the other hand , I never understood why sweet , soft-spoken Nik did n't hold Angelina down and wash her mouth out with soap . Oh , yeah - I remember now ! Any time he was holding her down , there was much ... Well , I ca n't tell you what . Amazon does n't allow that kind of language in its reviews - even if it is a direct quote from the book.I have to thank Ms. Laurenston for teaching me that erotica just is n't for me .
 This is a bit of a slog because it really is a parody within a parody wrapped in a mystery with Inspector Morse checking in . The mystery is compelling , but little else is in this Dexter work .
 Warning for Kindle readers
 I was half way through this book when it suddenly disappeared from my Kindle . Deleting , downloading again did not help . Money was returned , but I still do n't know what happens next .
 In the beginning Kit sails to America to live with her aunt and uncle , from there you follow her through day to day pilgrim life . Kit dislikes the life of the pilgrim ; she finds refuge at the house of an old lady at Blackbird Pond . The book does a great job describing the history of this time period which is probably why it won the award.However , I was seriously disapointed with the story itself.One of the main problems being that there is no plot of which to speak . Kit goes the U.S. , nothing else happens , FINALLY , at long last the story ends . Also , while I 'm sure the author envisioned Kit as a strong willed character , they do not show it very well ; also there really is n't any character development either , unless you count the last three pages.Wondering why I chose to read this if I hated it so much ? I did n't choose , it was assigned for school reading.Oh yeah , there is no actual `` witch '' of Blackbird Pond -LRB- lady , but not witch -RRB- . So , in conclusion , only read this if you want to die of boredom .
 The book `` The Witch Of Blackbird Pond '' was a book that I would n't read again . The author , Elizabeth George Speare , could not get all the details in a way that could keep my attention , or my imagination running wild . Towards the middle the author made kit seem like a beauty queen , she had about three guys wanting to court her , John Holbrook liked her on the ship along with Nathaniel Eaton . When she finally got to Wethersfield there was a guy named William Ashby was courting her and came to her house after seeing her in the Meeting -LRB- church -RRB- and then William asked Kits uncle -LRB- Mathew Wood . -RRB- Although I do not like how magnificent and marvelous the author made Kit Tyler seem , I did like the two characters Prudence and Mercy . Prudence was a little girl that was not allowed to see or speak to Kit Tyler . Prudence 's mother thought that Prudence was a child that was too thick or dense to go to school and learn . Mercy was Kit Tyler 's cousin . She was crippled . Mercy was a sweet girl that taught small children how to read in her kitchen . I would not recommend this book . It is not very well written for young adults for the 21st century .
 This book was one I read in sixth grade and it was dull and slow . Not great and I usually love books about witches for I am very interested in the topic and it is not unusual for I live in Massachusettts and as you know in Salem , Massachusetts was where they hanged witches . But the one flaw in this book was that it was dull and barely talked about Kit meeting up with the witch of blackbird pond and just told about her life basically from the barbadoes and her coming to Conneticut . Second of all the biggest flaw in this book is that the witch hunt took place in Conneticut ! Uh ! Uh ! I do n't think so . Conneticut is definetly not a setting for a witch hunt . That is definetly Massachusetts . You may have heard of witch hunts in Conneticut but a few and Massachusetts is of course the homeland for witch hunts in New England . Sorry Elizabeth George Speare but get your history right !
 I was assassinged this book as a project in the 6th grade . I hardly liked it because it was alittle to old of print and of terms other so do n't read this book if u like to be happy
 I am in college now and i had to take a teST on this book when i was i the seventh grade . At that time i hated the book . i thought it was even more naST than Jhonny Tremain . i just wanted to make a mast on that book . it was so boring i just fell asleep . i would not reccomend this book to anyone and i would tell someone to read The Future of Us instead . i just fealt like making a naST in this book and putting it away so when the next person like juSTice reads it they would see my naST and think the book was naST . what a disappointment
 It 's not worth one star but I must give it something to register my review . So it is with reluctance that I give it one star.If you want to read a historical fiction book that gives our founders an UGLY and untrue stereotype , THIS is the book for you . It is categorized as imaginary and it certainly is . There is no truth to it and does NOT represent the times it writes about . It is a pity that young people are being exposed to `` historical fiction '' like this.The Puritans were `` strict '' people but with loving hearts . They worked hard and had high moral ideals . Their high standards were Bible based . These two facts repulse people today . The Puritans were also well educated people . In fact they had better educations than kids have today ! Puritans were `` prejudiced '' against sinful behavior as we should all be but we are n't in todays society . The oppposite of this is what is endorsed in our society today . Today what is right is wrong and what is wrong is right . You 'll get more of the endorsement of what is wrong is right thourgh reading this book . In the near future , I expect authors like this to be writing about the `` social justice '' of Marxism and having kids and adults LOVE it!As an original source historian , it is clear that this author has no knowledge of the time she writes about and is giving kids and `` adults '' a false view of history . The book is slow and often boring . The plot is predictable once you realize that the author HATES any form of Christianity . The author is adamant in getting across her lowly opinion of Quakers and Puritans.I am also not surprised the academic LEFT loved it and awarded it the Yearling Newberry - it helps trash America 's beginnings and makes them out of be irrational extremists . Unfortunately that is very much in vogue today . So if you have an axe to grind with Christianity , specifically Puritans and Quakers , you 'll love this book ! It will feed your hatred of those Christians . It was very disappointing and definitely very BIASED with UGLY inaccurate sterotypes.Homeschoolers - pass on this . It 's a waste of time . Yes , it 's imaginary all right but using the ugliest of Christian sterotypes to try to keep your attention and hav eyou believe this is how it was in those times - WRONG !
 This book is about some girl from Barbados named Kit Tyler who has to move to Wethersfield , Connecticut . First of all , the characters are the most boring people in the world . The plot stinks . There barely is a plot . I like books where there is a lot of action and the story mountain has bumps along the way . This book , there is no mountain and they just go on flat ground -LRB- just to let you know I 'm being metaphoric here -RRB- and then go up a little hill . The only reason I actually gave this book a star is because the witch trials and where Kit is running away is kind of suspenseful . Just do n't read this book it is n't good .
 A thoughtless and spoiled girl thrusts herself uninvited on her poor relations , then pouts and simmers in hostile resentment over the unintended consequences of her hasty actions . She scorns the virtue and work ethic that give her uncle 's family the edge to survive in their harsh colonial environment , shirking her chores and remaining dispirited . Truly , Kit Tyler is a poor example for graciousness , duty , or manners.Time and again , we see Kit run away from her responsibilities , leaving the bulk of the hard work for her lame-in-one-leg cousin . She is too immature to understand the knife 's edge her newfound community walks , trying to stave off famine . Only the pitched effort of every able-bodied person can ensure that the crops are planted and tended , the clothing is made and mended , the children are taught to read and write and cipher , the harvest is brought in before the frost . These villagers have no buffer ; it is either work now or starve later . Their culture has sprung up as a way to reinforce the discipline and self-control that is needed . Kit is oblivious to these community norms ; even the ones that are explained to her she shrugs off as ridiculous.But all is not lost , because there are outsiders in town , and Kit befriends THEM . The service she performs for Hannah and her patient teaching of Prudence make Kit almost likeable . Almost . The townspeople accuse Kit of witchcraft because of her inability to fit in , and finally she realizes the goodness and decency of her uncle 's family as they try to shield her from the peril she has brought upon herself.Along the way , Kit gains insight into the beauty of simplicity and order . She feels the exhiliration of the seasonal changes in New England . We rejoice over the love she discovers.Happy ending to a silly book . Good vocabulary , and good for conversations about rushing to judgment .
 I read this book for school , my sister said it would get better , but it turned out to be the worst book I 've ever read . I rest my case .
 `` The Witch of Blackbird Pond '' is poorly advertised . If you 're expecting a novel filled with accounts of the Salem Witch Trials , like I thought , you 're wrong . It is not until almost 200 pages into the book will the subject be touched upon , and then gingerly dropped . Much of the writing is fillers and dribble ; this book could have been 100 pages shorter . I did n't care for any of the characters , and all of them were typecast . The angry , strict Uncle , the caring , soft-spoken Aunt , two cousins - one being the flirt and one being sweet . And , of course , the outcast niece . I was very disappointed , as I had my sights set on a captivating Salem Witch Trial book . The title is very misleading . I do not recommend .
 This book was ok to me . It dragged on quite a bit but I really liked the ending . I did n't like how it would talk about the same thing for over 3 chapters . It just felt like it was n't my kind of book . However , I liked the last part . The last 5 chapters were probably that only part I liked .
 In this mysterious , crazy , and exciting story , a young orphan girl befriends an old women and faces the consequences.The way the author uses literary devices to set the perfect mood makes this book so good you 'll never want to put it down ! Taking place in the 1600 's tells alot about what it might of looked like . `` I slowly gazedinto the coast , and to my suprise I saw hundreds of boats being docked . `` This gives you a very good idea of what it looked like . `` I 've been for a breeze every morning , just thinking he might be coming up the river . `` This is what Kit feals like when she is waiting for Nat to come.In this book the mood is very inportant . Literary devices are also very inportant . '' The old women seamed to be very quiet , relinquish , and at ease . '' This suspenceful , suprising , and exciting book sort of makes me start to think . `` Maybe there are really witches ?
 The book went very slowly and it did n't get interesting until the last few chapters -LRB- out of alot ! -RRB- I would only recomend it if you like history .
 The Witch of Blackbird Pond was a very different book . I just do n't think it was my kind of book.I guess , it was okay but it was not wonderful . I guess if you 're into olden times , witch hunts , arguments , and `` romance '' I guess it would be fine , but it was n't my favorite book.I 'll just kinda give you a brief telling of what the book is about.It starts out that a girl named Kit is sailing from Barbados which is in the West Indies and is headed to stay with her Aunt and her family in Wethersfield , Connecticut . Then she just is really outof place . She has different customs and just does n't fit in . Her uncle is n't glad she 's there and neither are other important people in the township . It 's kinda just a lot of mishaps and bad things happen to Kit . Then she befriends a `` witch '' . It 's just aboutr her I guess gaining trust and her beginning to fit in.The end was just kinda like `` blah '' . It 's just kinda like Kit falls of the face of the earth , although wshe does live `` happily ever after '' . As most books do unless they 're horrors.I think that i8f you just wanted to relax it was n't a good book to read because you had to thyink about what you were reading . But I guess if you 're uptight and like it in books where it says 't is all the time and thee I guess TWOULD -LRB- he he he -RRB- be good for you . But if you want to go to sleep you could read it . It could be a good bedtime story.If you like the old New England Colony pompousness and stuffiness I think you 'd enjoy this book . I think also if you like to hear about a character struggling through life and pretty much being tortured you 'd very much enjoy it .
 A little bit slow at some points but other than that pretty good . I like the part where mercy is in love with John
 Overall , I was disappointed with this book . I do n't mind long , slow , drawn-out plots as long as they are detailed and developed . By the middle of this book , I wondered when it would get started . By the last quarter of the book , I was still wondering when it would get started . Usually by the end of a book , I feel that I `` know '' the characters . This book left me feeling empty . The characters Judith and Mercy were poorly developed . I was almost finished with the book before I realized the differences and similarities between Judith and Mercy ... I spent most of the book wondering who was who ! As for the witch-hunt -- that was also disappointing . Kit and Hannah were not accused outright of being witches until the last three chapters . Only one chapter in the whole book is entirely devoted to the witch-hunt . Finally , at the end of the book , I was left feeling completely empty with Nat and Kit 's relationship . It just came out of no where . I had a feeling they would get together in the beginning and I wanted to see them together , but I was really disappointed with the events that led up to it . What can I say positive about this book ? It is a good historical fiction of Puritan times and lifestyle . If you are interested in the Puritan ways , you will probably like this book . If you are interested in the witch-hunt or if you want to read a well-developed good book , I would pass on this one .
 I was forced to read this book in school , and although some parts were interesting , the rest was so boring . The ending is good but I struggled to get through the middle
 The Witch of Blackbird PondThe Witch of Blackbird Pond by , Elizabeth George Speare , was a novel that took place in Connecticut , around the 1600 's . It was about a girl named Kit , who lived in Barbados with her grandfather , but goes on a journey on `` The Dolphin '' -LRB- a ship -RRB- to Connecticut to live with her Aunt Rachel . Only Kit does n't tell her aunt that she is coming , because she 's afraid of rejection . When she arrives , Kit meets many people such as
 After purchasing this for our home library , I could n't wait to read it before my children did . I was bored and unenthused throughout the reading . The author made great attempts at historical accuracy , just not enough with character or plot development . The story must have been born of facts first , as the characters just seemed thrown about and inconsistent . Along with the lack of plot , those inconsistencies are what make this a brutal read . I ca n't imagine either of my young avid readers enjoying this book and all its predictabilities .
 witch of blackbird pond is a very well written book . it goes into much depth about certain things , however , i feel that is one of the reasons it is only a 2 star book . this book tells a story about a girl who moves into america before the revolutionary war . she has to saty with her only remaining relatives , who do not share the same points of veiw as she , kit tyler , does . kit is acused of being a witch but in the end can not be proven of her suspected withcraft . this book , yet well described , is streched out over to many pages . a lot of unesscesary things go on that one should not need to know . witch of blackbird pond has no real point to me and is a LONG and DULL book
 Witch Of Black Bird PondWritten by Elizabeth George SpearI did not like the book at all , I mean I liked portions of it but some of the parts were to uppity , and just a little too lackluster for me . Now the characters were a bit electrifying the Author put them I situations were they had a suspenseful yet intriguing . Nat was a bit gloomy he was an old fashioned fellow he was n't as exhilarating as the other characters . Kit to me was a Miss Priss she kinda thought she was better than the others because she had superb attire and she was a Quaker and others were scandalous Puritans in her brain . I actually liked Mercy and Judith they were the sweet petites . I think that there characters had good personalities and were as exciting as my favorite parts on the Witch Trials now they are exclusive . The witch trials gave me a clear big screen view , front and center too . Now back to the whole idea I 'm gon na tell you straight out what I think about the book ... . Okay , I thought the book was old fashioned and boring except the witch trials of course . I thought it was a book my great , great , great , great , great , great grandma 's , great , great , great uncle would read . It was that old style . I do n't think I 'll ever read that book again . Most people would take after their great , great , great , great , great grandma 's , great , great , great uncle . Anyways I hated it , it was feeble the END!BrandyBullinger
 I think this book was boring . The only exciting part is the witch hunt . Most of the time they talked about polatics . If they wer n't the were cring over petty grevences such as love . This is why this story was boring . The characters were annoying and obtuse , it was hard reading such a disgusting piece of lititure . Kit was such an unintelligent and snooty creature it was infurating to read about . The women were either self-centered or meek , the thought about love all the time . The men disscussed politics like a change would end the world and the men thought women were dirt . Nat and the cat were the only intellegent creatures . The characthers are just lacking perwsonality and intellegence .
 First of all I did not like the book Witch of Blackbird Pond . It 's not that the author did n't try , it 's just that I hated the book . She may have won many awards for many books , but I do n't thing this book desverd any recognition . The book may seem interesting to many others , but it seems like a reason to take a nap to me.It may be because I ca n't stand historical fiction , most of the time , or that I just did n't like the book . I 've read her previous work , and they were very good , but this book just makes her work seem like a joke . I think the book should have a little more excitement before I give it any recogniton .
 This book is very good but it needs some more kids stuff .
 I had to read this book for school -LRB- literery circles , and I made the mistake of picking this think -RRB- I 'm in 8th grade , and I thought this book was rather stupid . The basic plot was fine , but the thing was like a soap opera , where everyone was with the wrong person , and of course , everyone was ever so happy at the end . I would have found this a more enjoyable book if the ending had been Kit marrying Willam , Judith becoming an old maid , and Nat marrying someone else . -LRB- Still John with Mercy though , because they deserve it . -RRB- The reason I gave this two stars is that readers 8-10 would probably enjoy this , but if you 're a teenager or even an older preteen , I would n't recomend it .
 It draged a bit and was a bit boring . I liked the history in it about the early colonies . But still not my type of genre
 This book was semi interesting . I liked certain parts , but compared to other books , this one was too predictible . I prefered the book , Beyond the Burning Time . Not only was it better , it was less predictable and more interesting ! But read the two books for yourself and you can decide !
 I think this book was odd . It never really caught my interest , even though I read the whole book . I guess I just do n't like these mushy historical fiction stories . I 'm the kind of person who likes books that describe the tactics of the battles . I think this book resembled a soap opera .
 I thought that the Witch of Blackbird pond was a fairly boring story . Throughout the book there 's not anything very exciting that the characters say or do . I also thought that the ending was too happy . Every character in the book was very happy at the end and i thought that it was too much . I think that if i were to give this book a grade it would be a C - . And also , if you 're going to read this book , I do n't recommend that you should read it if you are under the age of 10 . If you like history , romance , and happy endings , then I very strongly recommend this book for you . Otherwise you will most likely find this book very boring .
 I am very disapointed that my teacher chose this book for my class to read . I feel it was very dull and boring , with nothing to keep the reader attentive . Throughout the entire book , there were no exciting scenes -LRB- there was one situation where the author could have made an exciting moment , but instead decided to turn it into a section of tasteless humor -RRB- and many of the chapters were about relationships between characters which were not explained enough to be interesting , or the various chores and jobs that the main character , Kit , did.I know there are many readers who enjoyed this book , but I personally do not like books who just tell the lives of someone unless there are some exciting events . Too many of the chapters of this book were wasted on petty happenings such as washing clothes or teaching someone to read . If you are looking for a book with excitement or adventure -LRB- which is what the title implies -RRB- , I do not recommend this .
 This book is boring , but there are some ok parts . Do n't read this book unless you have to . -LRB- ... -RRB- Duh ! Well , just do n't read the book .
 The Which of Blackbird Pond was a very boring book . I almost fell asleep reading it ! The plot was stupid . The charters were lame . This book was all around terribley written .
 This book was horrible.I had to read it but in my own opinion this book really had nothing to do with witches.They only mentioned a few things about withches.For example , when the main character -LCB- Kit -RCB- jumped in the water to save the little girl 's doll , they just mentioned she could get in trouble for swimming.Another example of this would be how Kit was put on trail.They just said she was but it would have made the story a lot more interesting by adding the twist that she was found guilty . The story was actually about how dating worked back in colonial times.The author mentioned that in order to go out with someone that the male had to ask the father 's permission in order to call on the female.An example of this would be when an admirer of Kit -LCB- William Ashby -RCB- asked Kit 's uncle if he could call her out.He did this by sucking up to him then asking him his permission.In conclusion , my once again is that this book has nothing to do with witches or witch craft .
 Sources have said that Elizabeth George Speare 's book , the witch of black bird pond , is an outstanding and intriguing book . Some were even creative and said that it is a spellbinding novel of suspense and romance . Most said it is a well written and that they enjoyed the way she formed her characters . In my opinion though , all of these book critics have been embellishing the facts.I agree that it was a well written but nothing so outstanding , so intriguing that I would recommend this book for joy reading . It is hard to believe that over 200,000 hard copies alone have been sold . The plot was very typical , because even sheep could guess what the out come would be in almost all the events . How could the wooly animals do this and there be an ounce of suspense with in the cover of Speare 's book.One critic even went as far as to say that the novel was compelling . I wonder if the person making that statement knew that compelling meant
 I strongly erge you to get a life if you like this book . It was boring and i could hardly get through it ... . uuuhhhhhhhh ... i would give it -5 stars but you ca n't . uuuhhhhhh .
 This is the most boring book I have ever read ! Nothing really happens in the end . How could anyone like it ?
 I had to read this for school , and it was hard for me to look at it . There is no action , no humor , no excitement whatsoever . There is a lot of detail , but that is only on one person . All that really happens is the girl , Kit meets a lonely old lady who is nice to her . She is n't even a witch . I say that this is the worst book in the world . I think that it 's like eating pure cocoa . So bitter , bland and boring .
 I think that this book was extremely boring.The book is very slow and has no action . In the first 100 pages there is a boat ride and a slow conversation . Instead of not being able to put the book down I struggled to pick the book up ! I hope to never read it again and only recommend it to anybody who enjoys being bored .
 In the story The Witch of Blackbird Pond written by Elizabeth George Speare . There is a girl named Kit . Her parents died when she was vary young and so her grandpa raised her . Her grandpa was a wealthy plantshen owner . After her grandpa died all her grandpas ' money was lost . So she sailed to America to meat and lives with her aunt . On the way there she met a vary nice boy named Nate . He was the captain 's son his mother was on the boat kit and her slept in the same cabin . When She got there they had to make one stop kit went ashore to see what it was alike in America she thought it was a gloomy place . When they were comeing back they brought some more people back with them . On the way were she was going the wind stopped so they were stock there for a little then the wined picked up and they started moving agen . When they got there When they got there she unload 7 bags , every one was stoned about how many bags she had . When she got to her aunts house she told her story and they let her stay . She had to cousins . Finely they gave her chores she thought they were slaves jobs but they did not have eney . She thought the jobs were really hard . She had never done such hard things in her life . After a wile she met a vary wealthy boy . Then she met an old woman that every one thought was a witch but she was not . They met when she was crying in a field and the old women she thought her to her house and helped her with her problems . After a wile she founded out that Nate new her to . After a wile all of the towns teenagers started getting sick and the old women new the remedy . Then the war of 1812 happened .
 _ The Witch of Blackbird Pond _ is a very entertaing historical-fiction . The time it took place was during the time when the American colonies were being settled . This book was well written and would be great to read for people who love soap operas . There was not a lot of action in this book and no adventure . At times I did n't even want to read the book and other times I was locked on to it . There is some irony in this book and it can get very exciting . I think a lot of people would enjoy this book very much !!
 The Witch of Blackbird PondWritten by Elizabeth George SpeareThe Witch of Blackbird Pond was a very different book . There were parts in the book than were kind of slow and drug on . I would give this book two stars . Some of the parts that should have been long were very short and not enthralling . One example of this would be the witch trials . I thought that would be thrilling and exciting , but instead it was was short and down to the point . If it would have been more gripping , it would have got a better rate . I did n't like how this book bounced from one spot to another . In some some places you got lost . I did n't like the beginning because it did n't draw me in or keep my attention . She did n't give me much of a physical description of the characters or the setting . The plot was unclear and had many different problems , so it was hard to keep straight what was happening . The ending was a good ending it was probably the best part of the book because everybody got what they wanted . If it would have had more detail and suspense . I enjoyed some of the parts of the books but it could have been a lot better .
 I enjoyed this book mainly because it is a Historical fiction novel . I think this book would be a good reading source for anyone between the ages of 11-13 because it has alot to teach about life in the 1800 's while letting you read a facinating story about a girl and the troubles she goes through after she moves away from her home in Barbados to her uncles home in New England . I think the auther needs some more detail in her writting as to create a more vivid picture of the senery . I think that it would be wonderful if this story could have a sequel to it because like all books it cuts of into ablivion .
 I did n't like the book so much . The author put to much detail about one person , Kit . I knew all of the background information about Kit and everything she owned . But when Hanna Tupper was introduced I hardly knew anything about her . The author also did n't write in any excitement in the story . Everyone was just plain everyday individuals that did everyday things , like cleaning and spinning wool , making meals , cleaning the house and making clothes . It would have been interesting if the author had put Kit or some other character on an adventure or made it a fiction not a historical fiction . I do n't know anyone who would like to read a book about just everyday , ordinary people , that are living ordinary lives . I want to read a book about some adventure or action .
 It 's not that this is a poorly written or poorly concieved book . It 's that I have a great deal of trouble believing that anyone like Kit existed in the 1600s . Certainly there were people who were frustrated with society , but ... like this ? WoBP reads like a bad Mary-Sue fanfic . The heroine is too perfect .
 Witch Of Black Bird Pond ReviewWhen I got done reading the book I thought that it was ok . I did n't really like it because it just is n't my kind of book . I usually like more action filled books like hunting books of murder novels , I just think that they are more interesting.The Witch of Black Bird pond was pretty well written . The author did a good job of trying to make it interesting . There are some people that liked the book a lot but I just was n't one of them . I also though that the author wrote the book very correct to history with all of the witch hunt stuff . The author did a good job describing and telling the story . I think that if you like romance with a little bit of action in it this is definitely the book for you.Probably one of the reasons that I did n't like it is because it had a witch in it and I do n't believe in witches . That made it really hard for me to take seriously . I did n't much care for the names of the characters . I thought that they were a little too modern to be in this old of a setting.Overall I did not like this book at all .
 This book was very boring . The characters were not exiting and difinitly not interesting . The book was not badly writin just had a bad plot . The characters like kit had no adventures or exitment . If that is what you are looking for I recomend you get a differnt you get a book . I do not think the characters were very exiting and did not work to make the plot interesting or adventurues . That is why do n't think the book is good . If this book was non-fiction I would have understood .
 I read this book when I was in fifth or sixth grade . I 'm sorry to say I hated it . I felt that the book was very dragged on . The story line was okay but I think the book could of been much shorter if it was not so dragged . All in all , I did not favor this book at all .
 I think this book was too drawn out and boring . All of the chapters were the same thing . There was only one chapter that I actually did n't fall asleep on , and that was the climax . I also think the book could have been better if they did n't have the last few chapters . None of it was pertinent to the theme or plot . I think that it was extremly slow because they do n't even get to the plot until the last few chapters . I would not recommend this novel to anyone .
 This book was an overall 1 star book . The quality of the dialogue was horrible because it was very unrealistic . This book was also very boring and drawn out because it did not have a lot of action . The characters , however were very interesting and original . The events were very boring and predictable .
 The Witch of Blackbird Pond , by Elizabeth George Speare , was filled with excitement . The only reason I gave this book 1 star was I always compare it to the French classic Gravybleu . I liked a lot though , more than my usual books ; Hamington Road and the most recent Loolystolu . I loved this book because I sort of learned about America . I am glad I was able to share this to the world ... because this was my only dream ... to share my feelings to American kids !! Thankyou and read it ! : -RRB-
 I think this book is too boring for kids to read.it is very tedious and continues with the same boring facts over and over for 224 pages in a row and when it finally does get to an ok part it only says 5 words on it.my favorite parts are few and far between.it also has incorrect information.what is the chance of a person from the barbados , which are further south than the bahamas and very close to the equator , having no tan whatsoever and speaking perfect english?I rest my case .
 I HATE this book ! It is so boring ! Basiclly , this girl is moving from some island to Conneticut in the 1600 's , and the storyline basiclly follows all the random boring things she does day to day , even when there could be action , it is still boring . Only read this if you have trouble falling asleep . There is hardly any magic or anything like that at all , as said by the title .
 This books has loads of information , but it is in black and white and the fonts make it difficult to hold one 's attention . I would not purchase this again .
 I suppose whatever you are looking for is there but it is very cut and dry and I had hoped there would have been pictures and was done . Will sale as soon as possible .
 I had it as a text book in my high school and hated it . I had to locate this book today to explain to my 9 year old how we always dont get to read interesting books , more so for class assignments . I know any number of kids who get turned off by Dickens just because they had a tyrannical teacher stuff it down , rather up their brainstems in junior high school . One is asked to read a book in so called dear time , got to read it and follow the party line to get the grades and move on . If you want to teach your child how to read for pleasure , this is not the book to start with .
 Not many photographs or illustrations . If it is supposed to be a fun easy read - illustrations and photos would be there for the nontechnical reader . If it 's going to be a professional analysis it needs to catagorize the failures and cover them in a more orderly manner . It seemed to be a confusing mixture lacking direction , very wordy with lots of digression . I was hoping to nurture my , high school junior , daughter 's interested in engineering without getting one of the `` text book '' engineering failure books . This did n't draw her in at all , even though we had recently been talking about some of the failures that are supposed to be covered in this book.I am returning this and going for a more professional failure analysis books that caught my interest years ago .
 Not as detailed as I would like ; Some iteresting facts ; More on the emotioal resons than factsOnly covered 6 or 7 events .
 I purchased this book at the Duke University bookstore , after the recommendation from a professor at another institution.Petroski 's prose is extremely dense and verbose . His style consists of run-on sentences which require several readings . Even if it is technically -LRB- grammatically -RRB- correct , it is extremely difficult to read . The subject matter is dry to begin with , however , Petroski does nothing to liven it . I am an engineer also , and am not threatened by the technical information -LRB- admittedly lifted from his students ' term papers -RRB- . I have chemical engineering textbooks that read like a novel . Hopefully the courses he teaches are clearer than this muddled prose.Petroski is certainly an engineer . He has engineered an elegant method of making money from saps like us . I successfully engineered Petroski 's book into a beverage coaster to help drown the sorrows of wasting $ 14 on this book .
 Do n't let the interesting cover fool you . Unless you 're a complete nerd , you wo n't enjoy this book . It will however put you right to sleep within 10 minutes.Even with an engineering degree , I found this book to be rather dull .
 The point of the author could be made in 1/2 the pages . The detail and repeated points particularly regarding silverware is overkill and makes it difficult not to abandon the boring book .
 A little wordy . Suggsted for serious work not for casual reader .
 This book tries to answer the question of why the stuff built by engineers break , what a stupid quesion . Stuff breaks and stops working all the time , that 's why we have quality control in factories . If someone thinks we can make something perfectly the first time and every time he must 've been born yesterday or smoking . Think about the first plane built or the first car , the first train , the first computer , MP3 players that stops working in a week , umbrellas that flip in the wind ... Maybe people do n't die when these things break , maybe they do ... but this has always been how technology develops -- it improves over time.The title of the book suggests that things built by God do not fail , wrong ! Humans get sick , ozone layer gets holes , species go extinct , the Old Man of the Mountain falls flat on his face , and how about birth defects , the list goes on.Not a well thought out book . And trust me when I say the writing style puts even a true nerd to sleep .
 This book has an interesting goal
 The book itself was in good condition and promptly shipped ... . however , the content of the book leaves a lot to be desired . What could have been accomplished in one chapter is drawn out repeatedly to cover 200 pages . Very boring . Overall message is one of merit , but too much repetition .
 The most interesting thing about the book is the cover -LRB- a famous photograph of the Tacoma Narrows Bridge collapsing in the wind in 1940 -RRB- . But then all it really amounts to is 232 pages of defensiveness , repeating over and over that failure is just a part of life and experimentation and if we do n't want to stagnate we have to expect cracks and collapses , so do n't blame the hapless engineer for trying to forward human achievement . Yes , engineers and designers can sometimes be the scapegoats for failures beyond their control , but he makes a weak case and uses this argument to eclipse the real causes and analyses of structural failure . The author cites very few actual examples , analizes the same few examples over and over , and his one or two attempts at discussing novel failures -- such as cracks in a set of kitchen knives -- go nowhere since it 's pure speculation , with no actual research . What 's most glaring is his almost complete neglect for the basic role of cost-cutting measures in leading businesses to ignore testing , quality control , maintenance , and basic oversight , the domination of engineering and science by capitalism , putting profits before safety , an essential component he barely touches . In a book supposedly written for the lay person the illustrations , which are critical for understanding the examples he refers to , are few and far between . Some of the major examples he cites , such as the collapse of the Hartford Civic Center roof or the John Hancock building windows failure in Boston , are n't illustrated at all . And for a mostly polemical work there are surprising inconsistencies -- in the last chapter he says that that exposing engineering failure are a credit to the profession , only to cite on the next page an engineering conference on structural failure that refused to publish any results . It 's an interesting premise , but he goes nowhere -LRB- or rather in circles -RRB- with it . For a more in-depth and concrete -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- analysis go to Mario Salvadori , Why Buildings Fall Down .
 The author attempts to explain engineering failures to the lay person , and does so to some extent - at least to those who can make it through this sometimes excruciating book.As an engineer myself , I find the examples given to be grossly oversimplified . So many examples are all really of much the same thing , and the author seemed to have hardly bothered doing any homework . Even when he mentions a couple of aircraft accidents he manages to find ones that were the result of a structural failure and not any of the other non-structural but still engineering factors that can and do contribute to accidents -LRB- even back in 1982 when aircraft were much simpler -RRB- . Here is a concise version of the book , summed up in a single quote from an attorney
 In the interest of being fair , I have to at least say that this book has an excellent goal . Explaining that failures are to be expected and that engineering is a thoroughly human endeavour is extremely important , and I admire the author 's decision to try and get the information across . That being said , I do n't think we 'll find a single worse way to get the information across . Petroski 's way of writing is boring , dry , and completely humorless . I find myself thinking of that math teacher we all had who cracked lame jokes and laughed at them when no one else did . He presents examples that are obvious and boring , and expects us all to just drink it in.Ultimately , I think that this book is clearly written by an engineer and not someone who likes to write . I myself am an engineering student , and I recognize the work of someone who has no interest in english class . Petroski , sadly , has no idea how to write , or how to captivate a reader . He seems to blindly stumble past legitimately interesting points , only to continuously drone on about Speak n ' Spells and Bridges.It was a thoroughly disappointing book , written mostly about boring and uninteresting ideas , and written in a most boring and uninteresting way .
 The author took 232 pages to state what could have been said in 23 pages . He uses nursery rhymes and Greek mythology to `` explain '' the publics expectation that some machines and structures fail !?! He would have been better served going into more details of the few cases he revisits repeatedly . As a working engineer , I found his explanations of how complex systems should be developed very off base . What happened to incremental design improvements , testing , instrumentation , quality control , and design reviews ?
 I usually love books that look at the greater meanings in the evolution of engineering/science etc. . But this book is completely void of details on why things went wrong . I kept waiting for interesting insights into engineering failures , but all I got was platitudes . And like the other reviewer said , it put me to sleep . If you want to read a book on the role of failure in successful design , look elsewhere .
 I tried really hard to like this book . The first couple of chapters were really promising , but then the author suddenly lost track of where she was going . Stilted broken part-way descriptive sentences . No serious romance going on . I really did n't care if they ended up together . I suggest Karen Marie Moning for really great time travel romance , or for the serious time travel enthusiast - Diana Gabaldon 's Outlander . Both authors have never written a dud . This was definitely a dud , no offense intended to the author of course . It just did n't happen .
 This book was romantic drivel . It made me think it was pulled directly from the pages of an early 1970s Harlequin . While wonderful at the time , this book will leave today 's modern romance reader cold . Latter Day Saints , this is a book you can sink your teeth into .
 I was very excited about this book when I read the back cover . Unfortunately the book does n't live up to its potential . I liked the main plot but the author did n't spend much time describing the characters , the scenery . She left you hanging . The romantic scenes left me cold . I wish she had taken the time to really develope this story . I would pass on this one .
 If you are a woman looking for a practical guide to help you be an effective supervisor/manager in today 's work world , look someplace else . This book once again puts women in the position of being a victim . Montgomery writes about ways to compensate because we are women , which is to make us victims or to say we are otherwise handicapped and need special considerations . We are n't . And we do n't . I was disappointed in Montgomery 's book . There are some traits women have accepted as fact down through the years that are not inherent , just learned behavior . I was hoping Montgomery 's book would identify some of those traits and talk about how to overcome them , not justify their continued use . I will not recommend this book to anyone . Which is sad because I want to support the efforts any woman makes to get a handle on this issue .
 I was asked by Amazon to review this purchased book . Which I had ordered based on a Nabukov recommendation as the greatest book ever , etc. , etc. . I could n't get past the first few pages . It hurts to read it . Really . It 's painful . But then at times , so is Nabukov . And I 've read Tolstoy , Dostoyevsky , Chekhov , all great , deservedly so . And never painful .
 I 'm sorry , but I apparently disagree with Nabokov . While an interesting read , `` Petersburg '' is confusing to the point of absurdity -LRB- not in a good way -RRB- and ultimately not very enlighting . When thought of in the context of the Revolution of 1905 , Bely 's occult beliefs , etc. , the novel is slightly more interesting but still not worth the time and mental effort required to read it . Some might say I 'm missing something , but I would say their looking too hard . You 'd be better off actually reading `` Ulysses '' or , if you want some Russian , `` Brothers Karamazov '' or some Chekhov .
 If that 's your taste , you 'll be entertained by this book . For better or worse , it 's in the same class .
 The book is meant to be used with a CD and DVD , and this one does n't include it . Feel totally robbed !! Search again for the title and CD or DVD to get the set . The description of this item is dishonest not to mention the omission !
 I am just beginning to study French and according to the reviews , this course would have been a good start . Not so . It starts out with full conversations , too indepth , too detailed and does n't have the English easily viewable to even follow along.I have found two other French Study Lessons at the Public Library which are much better suited for true beginners .
 Bought the book for about $ 15 from Amazon , not paying too close attention to the details . Reviews are glowing and give one the impression that the book comes with CD or CDs . -LRB- I said I did n't pay attention . -RRB- I was waiting eagerly - heading for France next year and would like to be able to find my way around without resorting to mime . So the book has arrived and not only are no CDs included , they are available on Amazon for $ 190 additional !?!????!!! I 'm trying to think of some cute little joke to make about it , but sorry , it does n't seem funny .
 When I put in the first disc for Beginning French , I thought I had put in the wrong one . The first CD starts by speaking in full sentences with no English . They speak so quickly and unless one is familiar with the language , you will be lost . Absolutely of NO use if you are trying to listen in your car . I did sit down with the book but the CD does not tell you where on the page it is and they skip around . By the time you find your place , they are somewhere else . I found it to be very frustrating . I have learned Italian pretty well before a trip to Italy , using a different program . But I could not learn French from this program and can not recommend it at all .
 It 's just another language learning book . I did n't have the earning to go back to pick up where I left off . Get this book if you want additional exercises in addition to working with other books .
 Was supposed to come with audio CDs but did n't so product is unusable . So they come separate ? Would like to purchase the audio for the text .
 the book did not come with a cd package at all.i this is a waste of money . i received the book and had a note the rest of the items will be made separately . . however it never came .
 I checked out the `` ultimate french '' set from the library because I enjoyed the `` Beyond the basics '' course for Italian by the same company . I 've found that Living Language is very inconsistent in the style and presentation among its various levels of courses and languages covered.This is one style I did n't like . It just plain turned me off from continuing on.There is one set of CDs that are supposed to go along with the book , and another set supposed to be used alone , independent of the book . I find this presents too much double coverage in a negative way
 After 4 months of trying to plow through this book , I finally gave up on page 121 and read the last page . I kept hoping things would get better ; The pace would pick up and I might care about these people . To no avail . A thourough disappointment . start to abbreviated finish .
 Okay , now I 'm feeling like Simon on American Idol . Sorry , I wanted so much to enjoy this book that does , indeed , capture the ambience of New Mexico . But it just did not do it for me . The problem was that I could not find myself realy caring whether they found Bobby , or , as whining Rachel would insist , Roberto . I respect the authors for a good try and hope they keep at it . However , this one did n't make the grade for me . When I discovered my Amazon-purchased copy jumped from page 217 t0 247 , the ommision did not irritate me , even though I think those pages clued the reader on Bobby 's fate .
 That so much sturm and drang occurs in the first 10 pages is amazing . It 's also hard to believe that there really was a great meeting-of-the-mind relationship between Abby and Bobby in that after his having been away for so long in the Navy their communciation skills seem to be reduced to the bed . I had to stop reading this book which is rare . For me a novel with two authors rings warning bells . And unfortunately this was no exception . Really hack work that makes one wonder why it got past some editor 's slush pile . I 'd have given it no stars if I could have done .
 After using this book for my sophomore year in high school I decided to read about the authors , and the day I saw that they had PhD 's in TEACHING CHEMISTRY was the day that intelligent life ceased to exist . This book does teach about chemistry , but in the most unorthodox way that you could not even imagine what they do . They give you five hundred definitions on everything . All this does is make it more and more confusing . Please , just give me a basic definition and if I need something explained I 'll ask my teacher , who deserves his doctorate in teaching chemistry.Another bad thing about this book is that is puts all the information that would take five lines up text into a long drawn out three page essay on something in real life . I do not care about that garbage ! All I want is the information and I do n't want to waste a half hour trying to find it in some stupid example I could care less about . 99 % of the time I was reading the book I was getting a headache because all I could think was GET TO THE POINT ALREADY ! One time I was making sure I wrote an acid base reaction correctly so I decided to check the book like I would in any other course . But in my fatal attempts to check my work I found out that the only acid base reaction in this text book is the equilibrium of water , and that does n't help me one bit . If your wondering why I 'm in such a bad mood right now , it 's because I just stopped studying my final chemistry exam.Stoicheometry is very a very simple concept that a cave man could understand , but the way this book does it makes half the class perplexed beyond what was thought to be chemically possible . If you 're someone that memorizes math equations instead of understanding them , this book is not something to look forward to.All it does is write out and explain the equation in the most confusing way . I did not have a problem with this because I never had to look at what they put , but when I tried to use it to explain something to a classmate I ended up closing the book and drawing out a much simpler version on a piece of paper . The only problem I ran into was that my teacher was worried about the lack of work I was showing on my free response problems , because I did not do it the long drawn out way the book tells you to . Consequently , I ended up having to do the problem my way , and then translating it on to the answer sheet the way the book tells you to do it .
 I would have to say the Stravaganza series is one that get 's worse in each book . I 'm not so sure if the switching main chara 's in each book was what did it , but I felt no liking for our third chara.Because of this , the ending feels rather cheap when we return to Lucien and Arianna . The whole , and they `` fell in love and lived happily ever after '' only works when the two chara 's actually spend time together and develop . That way it does n't sound so fairy tale like . -LRB- I have a strong liking to books like HP , where fantasy feels realistic -RRB- Yes , its exciting , but I wish it had been dull through the beginning , so I did n't rush to the end only to find I would never pick this book up again.The relationships dont feel whole hearted , but rather , `` I 'm choosing you cuz I have no other choice and the book is nearly over , `` Also , through the whole series the Pagan worldview is blunt and annoying . The whole , `` we worship a woman cuz we dont like men '' came off feminist and disturbing . When it was introduced long ago it felt unneeded , since Lucien , and everyone else never felt time to wonder if she was even real . One has to wonder why we even have it?If you care nothing for religion , and dont find yourself nitpicking over the unreal love in badly written stories -LRB- I confess , it 's easy to want to live happily ever after no matter what -RRB- then you will enjoy this last book.Why does it seem so many authors rush the last book ????
 This is a great book but it lacks scientific evidence and it rests it 's theories on one experiment conducted by the author , the experiment itself was hardly done under the strict standards of the scientific community , he did n't even have a control group , by what is he comparing it with !! I can see why so many people can get sucked in by it but the empirical mind will see it for what it is . It does have intresting theories but with very little -LRB- if any -RRB- concrete evidence .
 I had high expectations for this book after reading `` Throwing the Elephant
 A compilation of pieces from Esquire and Fortune over the past twenty years or so is what we have here . Kind of a mixed bag , at times very funny , others not so . I found myself wanting some of the articles to go on longer .
 I hate to rate a Burroughs book so low . I 've been a fan of his works for a very long time . However , this version of the book is incomplete . The previous reviewer stated the book jumped right into the action with no back story . That is because this version is missing the first several pages . I happened to have two versions on my Droid Kindle app . and accidentally switched to this version after starting the other . The other version is the complete Mucker trillogy for $ 0.99 . Well worth the price for three very good books.If you want free , this version of the book will stand on it 's own minus the back story , but if the back story is important to you , get the full version .
 * My true review is 2.5 stars . I think it to be more a 2 than a 3 . * I did not read it for luxury or enjoyment . It was an assignment . * Please read this from the point of view of a student in English class.This book does its job relatively well . It is thought-provoking , disturbing , and well written . I enjoyed the writing itself . Fundamentals , indeed , good job , round of applause.This book was , in the end , about a view of life different from what I have . I was not , however , doomed to hate it for that reason alone . But dislike it , I certainly did.I am in no way the kind of person who enjoys nothing but uplifting and happy literature . I enjoy the thought behind this book , its unique presentation using the main character as a symbol of human consciousness on the most basic level , and the way even his view was presented . I respect it to a degree . I do , however , shortly after finishing it , find that the useful thought behind the supposed moral was completely lost in a tornado of hopelessness . Even the ideas of the book were swept up into doom - a screeching , hard slam against a wall that stops you completely.Where this book and its ideas went seemed so beyond anything that can have a name , `` existentialism '' . It just seems like an excuse to be absurd to me.You may not agree with my impression , but as a single reader , this is what I got . Nothing but hopelessness . In the end , everything was nothing . I have a big problem with this idea in general , and I found myself feeling like the chaplain at the end , with tears in his eyes , trying to no avail to change an unchangeable man . The character was a sort of anti-human whom I could not understand or relate to , however hard I tried , and whose ideas were so wrought with a suggestion that simply seems idiotic and null to mention that I am still finding that my thoughts are overlapping.If what this character thought were true , and everyone on earth came to believe it someday , then I do n't think the world would exist . I do n't think anything would . There would be absolutely nothing behind it . It would make no sense , and nothing as great as the universe can possibly be so senseless and pointless . As this man might agree , there should be reason behind everything - and past our fluid human consciousness , I am positive that there is.Sitting here now I realize that this might simply be the point of `` existentialism '' , and that this sort of thing is allowed . If that is the case I hope to avoid this kind of literature in the future . Even then I did not enjoy this book and I wish I did not have to read it . It depressed me and drowned out my curious thought , and instead of thinking about life and pondering like I thought I would be at the beginning , I could n't help but wonder what the point of being upset OR pondering was . A book that does that is simply out of my comprehension . Maybe I 'm simply too above or below the thought -LRB- your call ! -RRB- to appreciate this . I can only hope so . But even then , I presume that would be pointless too.To be fair
 The Stranger by Albert Camus is an interesting novel about Monsieur Meursalt , an ordinary man who goes through his mother 's death , killing a man , and going to prison . I think this novel was fast-paced and easy to read , but it was not very exciting . I would not recommend reading The Stranger . I did not find it exhilerating . However , Albert Camus developed his characters very well . Overall , this book was boring , and I do not suggest reading it .
 any given tuesday of mine is more exciting than the protagonist 's story . ' i went here . she said that . the car was red . ' i do n't understand how this book comes with such a reputation . to put it in reference , i also felt the same way about ` catcher in the rye ' , so if you enjoyed that type of pointlessness , read on . it 's only redemption was its length .
 I hated , hated , hated this book . It came highly recommended and I voluntarily -LRB- and rather enthusiastically -RRB- picked it up . There has never been a main character I have been more disgusted by , a storyline that has been less interesting , and a writing style that has been more obnoxious . I would burn it if it were n't borrowed .
 They sent me the wrong book . It was The Berenstain Bears , Learn About Strangers , instead of The Stranger . It was disappointing !!
 The stranger is about a man who has no emotion and is indifferent to the world . In the beginning , the man 's mother dies , and he does n't show any feelings . Next , he meets a girl but wo n't tell her that he loves her . Later , the man kills an Arab on a beach and is put in prison . While in his trial the man is bored and is eventually sentenced to have his head cut off . While waiting for his execution , he tells the chaplain that he does n't believe in God and never will . The book ends with him in prison , waiting hopelessly for his execution.I did not particularly like this book . It is boring to read a book when the character has no emotion . I also thought that there was n't enough action and that the ending was pointless .
 Being unnaturally obsessed with Kafka , it was assumed by my compadres that I would also like this author , and particularly this book . How wrong they were . The plot makes no sense , the characterization is meager & unconvincing , and the only poetic prose occurs on the last page as our hero -LRB- ha ! -RRB- languishes in prison in the final hours before he is to be executed , wondering what it all means & railing at humanity for treating him like the dog he is .
 The Stranger is an existential story of a man living his life as a self-determing individual . He feels that nothing is truly wrong or right and therefore nothing that he does makes any difference or has any real impact except to himself . It is almost as if he is on a stage writing his life as he goes , acting it out and the rest of the universe is merely a backdrop for whatever he chooses to pursue . It is a timeless novel that tosses out morality and rationality as a means to make choices . It shows a vast emptiness , a soulessness that is overpowering in its totality . This is an amazing , insightful look at life where no matter what one does , the end will always be the same . It is interesting to note that Camus while having the belief that the universe was a cold and indifferent place , still believed in the dignity of each individual being and had a concern for their welfare . It is one of the most widely read books , but it is bleak in an eye-opening manner .
 The Stranger by Albert Camus was an extremely montonous book . I did not like Camus 's view of life in general . This novel is an existential novel . Therefore , Camus wrote this novel from some exerience and about his views on life . In the novel Meursault is a very laid back person . His views on life are very simple . He does not think that humans have any reason here on earth , and does not see the point in even making an effort to connect with people , believe in something that he came see or touch , or even mourn about his mother 's death . Meursault felt that it was all irrelevent in his life . I was not expecting what happened at the end of the book . I did not like this book to start out with , and I thought I had the whole novel figured out when I came to the climax of the story . Camus suprised me though , and I do admire him for his writing style
 For a while in this book it appears that the Mr. Meursault is living a normal life with a girlfriend , a few friends , and everything else included in most people 's daily life . When his friend asks him to get involved in a plot to get back at a girl that dumped him , his life takes a drastic turn . This is the only real part of the story that at all caught my attention . Up until this point , I had really struggled through the book . As the book goes on , Mr. Meursault is jailed for a crime and sentenced to death . This is the turning point in the book . Throughout the book , he tries to understand why people attempt to begin new lives . After his mother dies , Mr. Meursault learns she had become very close to one of the men in the nursing home where she was living . He also learns that the two had been in love and were supposedly engaged . He does n't understand why anyone who is close to death would become involved in that way with another human being . At the end of the book , when he is in his jail cell , he discovers that just because you near the end of your life , it does not mean that you are dead yet and that you should approach everything as if you will live forever . Throughout the book , he argued with people about the existence of a God . When the chaplain comes to talk with him , he yells at him . The two argue about what God is and he goes off on the chaplain yelling that he believes there is no after life , so there is no need for God in his life . When the chaplain leaves Mr. Meursault is left to think about what he has said and done . He began to understand why his mother began a new life . Even as life dies , in a way it begins again.From the first page , you are stunned at what is said by Mr. Meursault . His actions confuse you and you stumble over the words , reading them over again and again . This is a book that can be read on many different levels . On one hand , if you enjoy really reading a book , reading between the lines , then this is a very good book for you . If you are able to comprehend what the man is saying , you see a picture of what life really is ; a strange twisted world in which an innocent man is taken , put in strange situations and then made a victim of . If you are a kid just trying to pick a short book to read for a report , you may want to look somewhere else . This book is one that must be read several times over to fully understand what is being said and what is happening . I can honestly say that this is the most , bizarre , twisted , and in a way , frightening books I have ever read . Maybe that 's why it 's a classic .
 Being allergic to books that are considered classics , I did not see what all the fuss surrounding the book was about . I just thought , huh ? That really was the first thing that wandered through my confused brain after finishing this book.Who is this guy , marseult , anyways ? At first appearance , he seems like a robot . then I think , maybe he has mental issues . maybe he had a traumatic childhood . His mom dies , and he does n't care . his girlfriend has to actually ask him to marry her instead of the other way around . she asks , `` do you love me ? '' and he replies , `` maybe , i do n't know '' And then he shoots someone for basically no reason at all and feels no remorse for it . That did n't sound like a person to me . I mean , we all have our moments of weird random emotions -LRB- remember the time you could n't stop yourself from smiling when you were in the principal 's office and in deep trouble ? -RRB- but this was just over the top . The back of the book says that it 's about a man `` caught in the situation of the absurd '' , but any normal man would have avoided the whole situation right off the bat . I say its a absurd person caught in a quicksand situation of his own doing.Many people have said that this Marseult was an existentialist , but I say that 's no excuse . I consider myself to be an absurdist with a touch of existentialism , but that 's no reason for me to not feel . In fact , I do n't consider him to be a existentialist at all , because that 's not the reason he does n't have emotions . I seriously think he has mental problems , not just a different view in life.However , considering the fact that since so many people have written glowing reviews that must be some deeper meaning here that my befuddled mind could not grasp , I feel that the reason for the `` huh ? '' is me , not the book.But , just to stand out , agonize everyone , and generally make a nuisance out of myself , I have decided to give this book two stars . Yes , there is the thing about standing up for your views , but I consider that a side dish that distracts from my main goals
 The first time I read this book , as a high school sophomore , I detested it . Now , two years later , being forced to read it over for an English class , I still can not write that I enjoyed it or found it profound in any way . All I do know is that this time around , though not having taken a liking to the work , I do RESPECT it . I do not see Meursault as any sort of hero . Nor do I completely understand the concept of existentialism . I read many of the online reviews and noticed that many others did not seem to really grasp the concept of existentialism either . The first reviewer asks `` Is the protagonist a sociopath . . ? '' That is something I had considered while reading the book . In the Ward translation , page 100 , Meursault admits `` I had never been able to truly feel remorse for anything . '' A sociopath -LRB- pyschopath -RRB- is one who feels no guilt , one with an underdeveloped super ego . If so , and Meursault is a sociopath , how can he be regarded as a hero , or as `` at the mercy of society . '' He is responsible for his own actions . People tend to forget that he killed a man and deserved , if not a death sentence , one of life imprisonment . Such a man as he would be a constant threat to society . One reviewer points out that the root of Meursaults name means death . I saw the symbolism , but it annoys me when my friends tell me how much they enjoy the book , yet they have missed such details . I do not see how they can appreciate the book except for on a superficial level . All things considered , I found the book dry and overrated , but am left with a new sense of understanding . Who knows , maybe the third time around I 'll give it another star . That is , if I am ever forced to pick it up again .
 Albert Camus has been the man behind the amazing popularity of this book . Because of the disillusionment during the war , the characterization of Mersault is one of no emotions or sentiments . While studying French , we had the chance to read and explore the language and its syntax , as well as the story and the theme of the `` absurde '' . Personally , the English version of this book does no justice to Albert Camus 's impeccable style of description , or lack thereof . The precision of French is lost in the translation to muddled English words . The story comes off as one of plain repitition with no purpose , and the story becomes , at once , dull and unimaginative.Frankly , I hated it . Every single bit of it . And I recommend that anyone with the knowledge of the French language ought to try it in French rather than English .
 So we have this guy who sort of muddles through life doing whatever comes to mind . He meets a girl and she asks him to marry her ... sure why not ? He meets a thug and the thug asks him to be his pal ... sure why not ? The thug asks him to write a nasty letter to his ex lover , so he can get even with her ... sure why not ? He goes with the thug to meet a friend ... sure why not ? The thug gets into a fight with his ex lover brother and asks him to hold a gun on him ... sure why not . Later he goes for a walk on the beach and gets dizzy from the sun and runs into the brother and , since he has a burning need of a cool place -LRB- where the brother happens to be sitting -RRB- he confronts him . The brother pulls a knife and so he shoots him five timesOK now the part about the lawyer ... He is arrested and put on trial . He gets a lawyer to defend him who is also a dufus . The trial is just a character assassination and he muddles through that and gets convicted and condemned to death mostly because he did not cry at his mothers funeral.During all this , he does some arm chair philosophizing and wonders how he got into this mess.Well Camus did a good job of developing Meursault 's personality ... if you could call it that . The rest of the characters are hardly touched on at all.If you look at the novel as a condemnation of the French judicial system , then it has some merit . If you look at it as the sad story of a man with a character disorder , then it has some merit . I know it is blasphemy , but if you really look at it as great literature , I believe it falls far short of the hype .
 The Matthew Ward translation is inferior to the translation by Stuart Gilbert . Using the French `` Maman '' does nothing for the reader of English and , in fact , detracts from the quality of the reading experience . Compare the last several lines of the two translations , and you will find Gilbert 's much more powerful , even lyrical . When I first read Camus ' book , which is my favorite novel , only the Gilbert translation was available , and it blew me away . When the new improved version came out , I read it and tossed it in the trash . Gilbert , however , makes Camus ' lines sing with electricity . If you can get the older translation , do so .
 I have read a previous translation of The Stranger , and was deeply moved . My entire life was changed . The previous translator did Camus justice . Matthew Ward , with this translation of The Stranger , ruined the novel . Ward includes awful cliche and unintelligent description . Unfortunately this is the only translation currently in print in the US . If you are able to , please order from a forgein printer -LRB- sometimes printed under the title The Outsider -RRB- or consider searching for an out of print copy not translated by Matthew Ward .
 This book is required reading in many high schools - I 'm grateful that I 'm a long-time out of high school , and nobody required me to read or even understand this short and depressing novel.The story is about a man -LRB- early thirties ? -RRB- named Meursault . In the beginning , he finds out that his mother has died . He is n't sure exactly what day she died , or even how old she was and it does n't seem to matter much to him . He confesses that he was n't sure if he loved his mother and shows no appropriate emotions at her funeral . Soon after he admits that , he 's not so sure he loves his girlfriend either . He thinks that at one time or another , all normal people wish that their loved ones were dead . He tells a friend that it is his nature to let his physical needs get in the way of his feelings . What feelings ? Then claims that he is like everybody else . ? Near the end of the story he declares that he has never been able to truly feel remorse for anything . It is only in facing his own demise that he displays any emotion.Okay , so Albert Camus is trying to communicate his belief that there is no absolute truth , that everything is relative and that reality is only found in those things that we experience physically . I can buy into everything is relative theory , but without emotions , feelings and spirituality , is there any such thing as physical reality ?
 This book brought me a chilling and troubling nightmare of what it means to live without hope , which according to Camus , is a positive expression of the freedom of pushing a mute rock up a hill forever in joy as he explicates in his discursive book , The Myth of Sisyphus . But when a spiritual and religious person reads this ` fiction ' , she will recognize the truth that Camus ' work never ceases to entrap itself in death-glorification , even , as in the final paragraph of this book , the stranger finds himself ` as having been happy and happy still ' , at the thought of the advent of his death , taking joy in the expectation -LRB- which , ironically , is a betrayal of Camus ' conception of loss of hope as being a positive thing -RRB- of the spectacle of his death of execution and the jeers of the mob of spectators as they see him killed . The ` protagonist ' of The Stranger is a cold-hearted emotionless character , and throughout this whole book of ` fiction ' he turns the stomach . Read it only if you want to be that spectator of a man who willfully denies having hope , faith , and love , making a spectacle of himself for all to see , in that old literary post-modern fashion . I didnt have any kind of guidance when i first read it , someone to tell me that to read Camus was a taking part in the spectacle of a hopeless death , which again , is a good thing for him . He make take joy in hopelessness and the loss of God ... Oh its such a twisted vision , one thinks . What freedom it is to rebel against freedom ! How free must i be !!!! So , in all seriousness , perhaps one could read it to be more informed about hopeless and selfishly joyful atheism , but only to use your criticism available and valuable to others who are truly inquiring into what life is and what it is worth , to expose the unfortunate cowardliness of Camus , The Stranger .
 I was forced to read this book and I still hate my teacher for it . Its about about a man who does n't care about his mother dying , he does n't seem to care that he hung around the wrong crowd and killed a man in self defense and he ends up paying for his carelessness . Good for him . I am still angry that I had to read this crap .
 The book The Stranger I thought was the worst book I have ever read . The whole book was pointless . The end was very dumb , after the whole book he ends up have feeling and being happy but thinks oh well its to late Im going to be killed . The end killed me it was very bad !
 Personally , I did n't think this book was very good . The whole concept of writing a book about a faceless man just does n't appeal to me . I know that all of Camus books are strange but this one just was n't one of his better books . The book just did n't have enough going on in it . The entire book was about the faceless man killing someone and then getting executed . I think the book probably would hae been more interesting if maybe the man fell in love before the execution . It also would have been better if at the end of the book , he actually wrote about the execution instead of just letting us hang , not knowing about what happens at his executon . The exection probably would have made the book alot more exciting too . So if I were you I probably would n't read the book unless you are into really wierd , boring books .
 No one can deny that the Stranger is a modern masterpiece . This review deals not with the merits of the work , but with the merits of the publication policy that forces teachers of this classic to adopt a new translation of stop teaching the classic.One can also not deny that the Ward translation offered to us by Vintage as the only available translation of the classic is competent . This review is also not meant to be an attack on Ward 's translation . It is , however , in my view , markedly inferior to the previous Gilbert translation as a work of art and in conveying Camus 's spirit and intentions to modern readers . I recognize that this evaluation is open to debate among intelligent readers . The point of this review is that scholars and teachers of the book should be able to make the decision as to the relative merits of the translations by themselves , for reasons germane to the artwork , not publishers for reasons that have more to do with money.When a publisher comes out with a new translation of a classic , they have an obligation to leave the old translation in print , or allow it to be published elsewhere , to allow readers to choose for themselves.It is a travesty that a generation of readers instead of feeling the power and strangeness of the opening lines of the novel , `` Mother died today , or maybe yesterday ... , '' will instead wonder what Maman is and what a strange word it is to American ears.It is an even greater travesty that the publication of classics in translation has become like the publication of other textbooks , with a new edition forced upon us every few years for monetary reasons . The fans of Ward 's translation should not be happy about this trend either . When the expiration its copyright appears on the horizon , or when too many used copies of it accumulate in college bookstores , we can expect it to share the same fate as Gilbert 's . Faculty teaching this classic , no matter what their choice of translation , should not stand by and allow their choice of texts to be taken out of their hands .
 I love this book . I have read several translations of The Stranger . But I returned this copy the same day it arrived in the mail . This translation by Matthew Ward , for the Everyman 's Library , is the absolute WORST translation of The Stranger I 've ever read . It takes all of the teeth out of Camus ' masterpiece . It makes the book into a sloppy , uninteresting mess of colloquial language . It completely obfuscates the meaning , it gives the narrator an unintelligent and boing voice , and it does n't even `` Americanize '' the narrator -LRB- which is this translation 's claim to fame -RRB- . Just consider a comparison of the opening sentences . The Matthew Ward translation : `` Maman died today . Or yesterday maybe , I do n't know . I got a telegram from the home
 This is a strange book about a man that commits a homicide , and what was going on in his head and his circumstances before and after the event . -LRB- Shucks , I 've already made it sound interesting ... it 's not -RRB- . In summary ... this totally self-absorbed jerk shoots a guy to death , and the jury correctly finds that it is not self-defense , and so finds Msr . Meursault guilty of taking another man 's life , unjustifiably , and with intent . I agree -LRB- some other reviewers apparently do n't -RRB- . Mersault is sent to prison awaiting execution . He does n't seem to mind very much . His long term future certainly looks bleak since he has decided that there is no God , and he is scoring near zero on the repentence meter . Yes , he is an existentialist and a nihilist.So much for the renowned Albert Camus . Technically , this book is well written . However , I found it boring , only marginally believable , and generally depressing . For me , it was no more `` thought-provoking '' than observing someone in a cycle of picking and regrowing a scab -LRB- inexplicable , but not interesting -RRB- . There is NO REASON for the acclaim that this novel has garnered -LRB- except perhaps that there are academics out there that wish us to believe that this philosophical tripe is truth -RRB- . This is an unlikable story about a small unlikable man . Not recommended , but I understand that your teacher may be forcing you to read it . Fear not , it is short . It 's a little above average as literature , but written about a fool , by a fool .
 This book was required reading for my son 's HS senior honors english course . He found it quite laborious to read and did n't like it - but it was required , so what can you do ? DO not recommend for casual reading , but it 's a great price if your child has to have it for school
 Yes , the book was well written , but I had trouble seeing the character development.I get that Meursault is supposed to be emotionally detached from his environment . That much is clear.But , when one reads a novel , you expect the events in the novel to bring about some sort of change in the character . You expect the protagonist , at the very least , to be changed , for better or worse , after living through certain events in the novel.Here we have Meursault attending his own mother 's funeral , a woman who has declared her love for him , and a murder that he committed , and none of it seems to have had any major impact on his way of thinking.For me this made this sparse novel a bit of a `` why bother '' read . Why do I need an entire novel , some 124 pages , to tell me that someone was completely unaffected by a few events ? I find it a waste of time.And let 's take this discussion one step further . If this is a novel about Meursault , who is not effected by the events that take place in the novel , then why even have Meursault in the novel at all?Glad I read the book . Now I 've confirmed for myself that the hype was just that , hype .
 The Stranger , written by absurdist philosopher and -LRB- obviously -RRB- novelist Albert Camus , is quite unlike any other book you will ever read
 I purchased this thinking it to be the american translation because the cover was the same . The cover of the book sent to me is very different and it is in fact the british translation not the american . I need the american one for my english class , now I 'm stuck with a book I can not use .
 I feel compelled , on behalf of all of those interested in existentialism , to add my threnodic voice to all the other numerous and predominantly ebullient reviews of Albert Camus ' * The Stranger * . As . I have stated in my summary , there is better existentialism to be found . If I wished to be rude , I would say that Albert Camus is just a Dostoyevskiy/Kafka ` wannabe ' . I do not so wish it , so I will merely state that this book does not suffice to place him in the same catagory as those masters . If you really enjoyed Stranger , then * Crime and Punishment * will blow you out of the water .
 I read The Stranger as a class assignment with a group of fellow classmates . We chose The Stranger from a selection of the AP works of literature . To be honest I was n't really sure I would enjoy this book . The description given to me was seemed very heartless and dispassionate . Not the type of book I would see myself pick up as entertainment . The first couple chapters reminded me of this boringness I had thought existed from the turn of the first page.I soon found myself caught up in Meursault 's , the protagonist , dull and emotionless world . After going to his mother 's funeral and not showing one sign of misfortune his world started to become filled with bad events turning even worst when his violent human nature had become more present with each new page . This Algerian Frenchman gets caught up in a meaningless relationship in which he does n't give a hoot if he gets married or not ; become aware of an abusive relationship involving a friend who will later laugh about the hits and blows to his girlfriend ; and will in the end find himself in jail after killing a man simply for the hell of it.Meursault seemed to make the killing just another thing . To me murders are n't just another thing . Every series of unfortunate events seems to roll of his back and he moved on like nothing ever happened . Sometime I wondered if he made the things happen ... ? Never the less this book as confusing from the start and never seemed to `` tie the knots '' . The boringness yet still vaguely interesting flow of Albert Camus 's The Stranger would not be one of my favorites . But seeing another world through the eyes of a killer does caught your attention for 20 or so pages while making you eyes close for the next 30 . Even though this book kept me entertained in and out till the end I would say it was n't all book motivated . After all this was a class assignment.Caroline CannSophomoreLandrum High School
 Albert Camus did a good job doing about two things in this book ; capturing you and confusing you . The Stranger is one of those works that for a minute excites you and then for the next 20 pages makes you yawn . Meursault , the main character , is a young Algerian Frenchman man who leads an ordinary , dull life . When he receives news of his mother 's sudden death , he goes to the funeral and sheds not one tear . When he returns he goes on with his life like it never happened.The way he is emotionless really depresses you and darkens the mood of the book , almost to where it hurts to go on reading every next misfortune . The book really shows you how upside down your life can get , and how fast it can really happen . It 's easy to relate to if you do n't care about your mother and if you would kill a man for no reason . But I speak for most of us when I say that I 'm sure this is n't the case.Overall , this book is n't horrible ; it 's just not my favorite . In my opinion it goes where no other book goes , to the soul of a heartless person and his random act of murder . Another problem is that while reading this book and witnessing his crime , you want not to hate him ... and that scares me that I could ever side with a killer . This book challenges the ordinary plot of most books and opens up new ideas , even if they 're not positive . Even though it 's a great work of literature , I ca n't make myself like it.Emily ReederSophomoreLandrum High SchoolLandrum , SC
 I 'll keep this short . The book was an awful read save the last ten pages . Everything before that is terribly uninteresting . It is only once he has been sentenced and awaits his end that it becomes something worth flipping through . I have the utmost respect for Albert Camus , but this is dribble .
 Okay , I have read , analyzed , and written an 11 - page paper on this book , and I do n't have good things to say about it . The critics say it is a brilliant insight on the personality of the absurd , and they believe that Camus is amazing . Please . Camus could not decide what kind of character he wanted Meusault to be . One minute M. did n't care about anything , while the next he was absorbed in Marie 's smile . I did not find the book insightful at all , and I honestly feel it is a waste of time to try to find deep meaning in it .
 This book is short . It 's simplistic . This book would make excellent toilet reading if only one could resist the persistent urge to drop it between one 's thighs.When reading a novel , a good indication that you are insensitive to art is if you overemphasize the themes , or ideas . Art is not concerned with WHAT is said , so much as HOW and HOW WELL it is said . From an artistic perspective , the style and execution are what count -- not the subject matter . And so , the literary , or artistic , value of this book and its philosophical value are two separate issues.While I understand its emotional appeal to adolescents , I never found existential philosophy -LRB- ` a la Camus and Sartre -RRB- to be very appealing on an intellectual level ; and , I find fictionalized walk-throughs of philosophical ideas to be dreary without exception . Real artists do not generalize human experiences and reduce them to vague , overdrawn abstractions . And so , I would object to this book if it preoccupied itself with philosophical ideas ; but , there is nothing as concrete or thoughtful as an idea in this book . Still , the characters are contrived , forced to act out Camus ' whimsical `` existential '' formulas like stiff-jointed marionettes in the hands of a club-fisted puppeteer.From an artistic perspective
 Camus ` little novel about a nihilistic nobody who sheds no tears over the death of his haggy old mother , does boring things and commits a murder . That 's the plot . Gee , I hated this book . Hated it . The main character 's behaviour and atheistic beliefs slightly offended me . Do n't waste your time on this . Read Ionesco 's ` Four Plays ' instead . Then again , I might be wrong . After all , a critic 's review is based solely upon his or hers personal opinion . It could be a wonderful novel , but not bloody likely . All I know is that at the end I was glad to see the malicous little bugger executed .
 This is a tedious novel and a ten year old could easily digest any of the `` ideas '' which are in the novel . `` Existentialism '' is a word loved by mediocre readers and highschool teachers of literature , who quickly latch on to generic and common literary catchwords . The poor , pathetic and dated `` existentialists '' base a who literary school on an outlook that is a mere passing shade of thought to me . The writing style , which some call `` stark '' and `` uncomprimising '' , is simply void of artistry , and highly unoriginal . People do n't read books like this for the pleasure of an amazing story , or beautiful imagery , rather Camus is read by psuedo-intellectuals searching for a witty and stark outlook on life . Notice how nobody talks much about the story but rather `` what Camus is trying to say '' . He is not saying much and I did not need this story to illustrate to me an outlook which I experienced as early as the age of 13 . Also anyone can write about `` big ideas '' because they are simplistic and easily grasped by anyone . It takes a true artist however to create the magic of a mood , the enchantment of an image , reality of a gesture and on and on . Camus is no such artist and is hopelessly mediocre as a writer and thinker .
 I was required to read this book for my english class . The only books we ever read are depressing , sad and pointless . If you want to conteplate how pointless life is and whether it is worth it for you to be alive right now breathing and wasting air , then this book is perfect for you . I do n't know how it can be hailed as fantastic when the english level is quite low and meaningless . It does n't make you contemplate the mysteries of life , it just makes you feel more sad and depressed , like our lives are n't . If you do n't want to be cornered into an idea of contemplating suicide , then please do not read this book .
 I hate this book , though I understand why this book became so popular . We , humans , are not logical machines . I think anyone who have read any of Nietzsche 's books would think this book childish and absurd .
 This book was bad . I read this book when I was in grade 10 and it was very depressing . I probably was not old enought to appreciate the book or the content in it but i was aware of how i felt after reading it and wanted to burn it.The book presents the main character as a person with no heart , no faith and nothing -LRB- and no one -RRB- to believe in . Sounds like a great book right ? Its unfortunate the Albert C does not have any faith in the human race .
 : : yawn :
 This book is too depressing and is way too dated . Do n't bother reading it
 One of the worst books I have ever read . I do n't know why anybody would want to read a book about a person who is bored ...
 What is the big deal ? I read this book because a college age acquaintance had mentioned it was on a required reading list for one of his classes . In researching the book I found it is high on the list of existential writings . I got nothing out of it other than perhaps how empty existentialism is . No wonder students drop out of college and feel they are wasting their money . America is producing some fabulous literature yet there is an old guard that clings to all that is bleak in life . May I recommend Victor Frankle &#8217; s Man &#8217; s Search for Meaning ? This is a much better and true account of the human spirit and what it can accomplish . If you have to read this to in class to placate the instructor do so but do not hesitate to counter with truth , hope and optimism and do not accept this as real life .
 I am afraid that , as much as I love the book , I do not appreciate the limitations put upon this particular edition -LRB- Kindle -RRB- by way of DRM . How much of a problem DRM is , may vary from user to user , but I would have appreciated it if Amazon had informed me about it in advance of my purchase , as I would then have chosen a different edition -LRB- hardcover -RRB- where I OWN the book and not merely LEASE it .
 ^ That pretty much sums things up . I enjoy a lot of books that many think are `` dry , '' but this one was just far too much .
 Though Camus is an exceptional prose stylist he is no thinker and this is never more clear than in The Stranger . Walter Kaufmann has noted the general vacuity of Camus ' thought in his -LRB- Kaufmann 's -RRB- prolific criticism on existentialism . Philip Freund , in his meticulously long essay `` Albert Camus and Symbolism '' -LRB- in The Art of Reading the Novel -RRB- has convincingly demonstrated the alarmingly weak structural integrity of much of Camus ' fictional work . I recommend The Stranger as an experiment , as it incidentally yields some intriguing insights ; but I qualify this recommendation as , architectonically -LRB- inclusive of plot execution , coherence of symbolism , philosophical cogency -RRB- The Stranger , largely , is a failure .
 I had to read this book for a test I am having in Honors English tomorrow . The book made no sense and was all out depressing . I do n't know why anybody would want to read it let alone deem it as a classic .
 I picked this book up at my public library because I had put it on my reading list a while back when I saw that the President -LRB- ! -RRB- of the United States George Bush read it while he was on vacation too.I went to my local cofee place and got a MEDIUM regular cofee flavored cofee but in a LARGE cup -LRB- so theres room for plenty of milk which I like and also you only get charged for a medium even though its in a large -RRB- . Anyway I am reading this book and it seems okay but then this guy with a laptop bumps into my chair where I have rested my cofee which is not at all my fault because thats why the chair has a little ledge there . So then this guy says he is sorry but that doesnt exactly unspil my cofee if you catch my meaning . And he offers to pay for a new cofee but it doesnt really matter its the principle of the thing.Anyway then he leaves and I notice my copy of the book has cofee spilled on it not just my pants as I thought previously . So I 'm not about to read a book with cofee stains all over it so I take it back to the library.Now here I have to point out that I had a little incident a couple weeks back with the librarian and long story short they lost a book about a fireman that I returned and made me pay for it but not without a fight . Well you better believe that same librarian who yelled at me is watching me now whenever I go in there and she sees that cofee stain right off when I turn the book in . I explain that its still perfectly good and you can still read it and it wasnt even my fault and maybe they should get the $ 8.50 from the cofee house they made the cofee not me.But you can guess how this ended up . I am down another $ 8 dollars and change -LRB- I paid the .50 cents in pennies I got from the place I keep pennies in the car which got me a cross look since I counted them out one by one but it was worth it -RRB- . And I never finished the book since it was ruined.But ! I liked the parts I read `` okay '' and if the President likes it I guess it gets FOUR STARS only I made it TWO STARS because I only read half . Maybe I will read the second half later if that librarian retires and then I will come back and give this book it 's missing TWO STARS if it ends well.Lesson learned is life is not always fair but you `` keep on keepin on '' like they say .
 If you are looking for a book to put you to sleep , look no further . Here it is . This is the most pathetic book I have ever read . And not only was the book boring , the main character , Meursault , was an emotionless , hopless , and disgusting human being . His views on women and relationships are no less than vile . He does not even remorse over the death of his mother . He then says that he no emotional attachment to Marie , the lady that he is sexually active with . Thankfully , he commits a cold blooded murder and is put to death . And at his execution , he says that he wishes there be `` howls of execration . '' It is amazing to me that an individual can want there to be people cursing him on the day of his death . Bottom line , this is not woth the time for you to sit down and read it .
 This book is awful . Truly terrible and distructive . It took me years to figure out why and how to explain it and after a nightmare I had last night , I somehow thought of this book and now i know how to put it into words.Basically , if you liked this book , then I feel bad for you and the rest of society . If you did n't like it , then this is why . In order to like the book , you had to empathize with the main character and think , poor guy , not his fault . That was basically the only way to like it . Disliking it meant you were thinking , what the freak , what the freak is wrong with you . Somethings wrong and i cant explain it.What this main character is , is a psychopath . Not the slang term but the medical , murderer term that we use for people like Bundy and Dahmer . Think about it . He doesnt care about anything . He doesnt feel for anything other than a sort of detachment , and when he sort of just kills that guy for no reason , he doesnt even feel bad afterwards . And the only time he shows any emotion is when he 's about to be punished and put to death for it.Good . Thats what you do with psychopaths . You punish them and keep them from hurting little kids . If his type of thinking is okay , `` as long as I explain why i killed him and it was me not paying attention -LRB- apparently the sun was in his eyes as well and he couldnt find a way to word it -RRB- , then I shouldnt have to die cause now i 'm scared . '' Why dont we let everyone in teh whole world accept that as a valid excuse . We 'll let every single person on earth go around shooting people for no reasonand say , well , as long as he wasnt paying attention . No . We call those type of people unstable and crazy.Now , if the writer had made clear somehow from the very beginning , `` I present to you my friends , the innerworkings , of the mind , of a madman '' then i would say , amazing . Great . Good book . I was terrified . You win . Instead , the writer spends the entire time trying to say , no , uh , hmm , he 's , like , the average joe but he just thinks ... kinda ... like wierd and stuff ... and so i really want to like ... justify when he does something ... kinda crazy and stuff ... . you know ? and make people ... think its okay to do that kind of thing ... . for no reason ... cause it 'll cool ... just watch.Like I said , this book is terrible . And it scared people that kind of said , uh oh . There 've been times when the sun was in my eyes , and yeah , that really irritated me . Sure I did n't kill anyone but ... oh shoot , I 'm scared now and I dont know why . And people that thought , huh , sometimes ... I guess I feel detached . I mean , I still have emotion and care about people and fall in love and feel all those other human emotions people feel but I mean ... is this ... something I should have looked into ? cause what if I 'm as crazy as this dude here.Someone that doesnt care about anything . Kills for no reason . Doesnt love or feel and thinks only of simple things and of himself . and only feels fear just as they 're about to put him to death , and yet doesnt even regret that he had just ended another 's life just as easily and just for the sake of it . A psychopath . So please dont feel bad for him . And as I said , the only way to like this book , is to do just that , because that 's what the whole things about . Let 's feel bad for the crazy guy cause he just did n't know any better .
 I thought this was a very UNREALISTIC BOOK . I thought was written very poor .
 Aside from high-school reading lists , there is no rational reason whatsoever to read this self-indulgent piece of `` existentialist '' , um , stuff . Requiring people under the age of 18 to read this nonsense should be treated as child abuse , and prosecuted accordingly.That having been said , adults who want to bore themselves needlessly should consider this a top pick.My suggestion is that interested parties should read Dostoevsky instead .
 I 'm sure that I 'm missising something here . Or maybe all of the people who wrote their glowing reviews of this book are missing something , but this was one of the worst books I have ever read . The writing style was like a Junior High School student trying to write their first story . Really more than just a list of sequential events like , I woke up , I went to work , I went to bed . I found after a few pages that I did n't really care what happened to the main character any more than he seemed to care what happened to himself . The only saving grace was that it was such a short book that I was able to read it in about two hours . I know that Camus is well respected and was awarded the Nobel Prize in literature , but based on this book I ca n't understand or imagine why .
 This is a top contender for the worst book ever written . I thought about giving it a tied position with Pamela Anderson 's _ Star _ , but upon reflection I have decided that I would rather read _ Star _ again than read _ The Stranger _ again , although I would rather be eaten alive by rabid wolverines than do either . This book is so bad that it is painful for me to read it . If I had a time machine , I would pay to have Camus beaten to death on a deserted beach , ultimately preventing this disaster from ever coming into existence .
 why are we forced to read this GARBAGE in high school ? this book was terrible . i really felt like jumping in the book and slappin ' that guy around a bit . how could he just act like that ? UGH !
 This book really , really sucks.It does n't even DESERVE a more in-depth review . UGH .
 The Stranger , translated by Matthew Ward , was not a great story , but it was easy to read and slightly interesting enough to continue on with it . Although in the end I did feel like it had been a waste of my time . I would love to have read this story how it was originally intended as written in French . Not as someone else 's translation . The book is entirely written in short choppy sentences . There are many instances of information being given that is unnecessary ... `` After lunch I was a little bored and I wandered around the apartment '' . We read every thought going on inside this man 's head ... `` My cigarette tasted bitter '' . `` I was tired '' . In a way I liked the narrative of his life and would almost like to see it used with another story . But it also got very tiring reading about the mundane things that were not relevant to the story . I thought that this story was more interesting in the beginning . The story did n't flow as well and became more confusing by the second half of the story . The character was very passive and could care less about everything , which made you wonder how he could get involved with the pimp in the first place . Obviously I did not get `` it '' , whatever `` it '' is that I was supposed to get from this book . I think this is one of those books that are heavily blown out of proportion and given accolades that are n't well deserved . I believe this is a case of The Emperor 's New Clothes , where no one wants to be the first to say this story stinks in fear of making themselves look bad . In the end I have to say this story does indeed stink .
 This is one of those books that you come across in your life that people talk about and mention to you a few times and eventually you get around to reading it . Since it 's only about 123 pages long , it is definitely a quick read . The storyline goes at a good pace and there 's just enough happening to keep you interested in the plot.Most people I 've talked to about this book did n't care for the lack of details . That did n't bother me so much . The only reason that I am not giving this book a better review is because of my frustration with the main character . If Mersault would just CARE about something , anything , the outcome of this story would be so much different . Sure , this is the point the author is trying to get across , but still . I found Mersault 's stand-offish attitude to be very frustrating.This is definitely one of those books that you want to discuss with a friend when you are finished , so be sure that if you grab this book , grab another copy for a friend as well .
 In the book The Stranger , the main character Muersault has no feelings for the world around him . I really did not like this book as much as others because I did not like his attitude . When his mother died he acted like he did not care and regretted to go to the funeral that was held for her . When he gets back into town , his girlfriend ask him if he loves her and he says yes then he says I am not sure all the way about that . He just thinks that love is a name for something and does not believe it is there for him.During the book there is violence . For example , there is a man that owns a dog and walks him past the restaurant , that Muersault eats at and when the dog walks too fast for the man or too slow then he curses and beats the dog . There is a guy that beats his girlfriend and does not even think twice about beating her . He says that she deserves it and continues repeating that . At the middle of the book which would be the climax , Muersault murders a Arab man and gets caught for it . Muersault thinks that he did not commit a crime for what he did because he has no feelings.Even though I did not like to read this book because of the character 's attitude for life , you might like it . I think you should be happy with your life and the things around you.Ben PaceLandrum High SchoolLandrum , SC
 In my opinion , The Stranger was a very weird novel about a man who goes through life seeming not to care about many things . The novel starts off with the line , My mother died today , or maybe it was yesterday . He does n't have any emotion what so ever , even towards the sudden tragic death of his mother . After the funeral , he meets a guy in his apartment building named Raymond . Monsieur Meursault and Raymond become good friends after talking for some time . Monsieur Meursault becomes involved with a girl named Marie . After a while of dating , she asks him if he loved her , and he responds by saying no . Then he says I guess when she asks him to get married . This is such an important step in someone 's life , and he does n't even care about just jumping into it so soon . He does n't even love this girl , but still he decides to get married . One day Raymond asks Monsieur Meursault if he and Marie want to spend the day with he and his friends at the beach . Meursault gladly accepts this offer . Little does he know that what happens today , will change his life forever . At the bus station , Raymond spots one of his enemies , standing near by . He is an Arab , that had got in a little heap with Raymond a couple of weeks ago . As Raymond spots him , he says nothing and quietly gets on the bus . When they get to Masson and his wife 's house on the shore , Raymond sees the Arabs on the beach , sitting behind a rock . He tells Meursault to hold his gun , just incase something the Arab tries something slick . Sure enough the Arab pulls out a knife and stabs Raymond in the arm . Meursault did nothing to help his friend , but take him to the house to get him cleaned up . As he was sitting there , thinking about what he should have done , he decides to go out and confront the Arab . Instead of talking it out , Meursault does the stupid thing , and shoots the Arab point blank and kills him . The story ends with him going to court , and being sentence with the death penalty . The author does n't tell you what happens to Raymond , Marie , and Masson . The tone was very passive about many things . Many of them would have a great effect on normal people with emotions . The main character , Meursault is the same way the author is , with the way he does n't care about things . Overall , I thought this was very different from most others that I have read . This story takes place around Paris , France . In some parts of this novel , it tends to become redundant . Everyday he goes to work . Then he goes out with a friend and then he goes to bed . After a while , the reader gets to know his daily life pretty good . Maybe the killing of the Arab was good for him , that it was something different and exciting for a change .
 The Stranger is worth reading once , but only once . Unlike a truly great novel , it does not merit re-reading at different passages of life . The style , as spare as Hemingway 's but even less resonant , has no extensive passages of lyric beauty ; the characters , even the eponymous protagonist , remain essentially ciphers , dim images about whom the reader can scarcely be compelled to care ; even the existentialist theme was more vividly communicated in Camus ' essay `` Le Mythe de Sisyphe '' . The Stranger is gratifyingly brief , and it is only this brevity that saves it from being banal.In almost precisely the same manner as the dramas -LRB- ? -RRB- of Beckett , this novel is deemed valuable not by anything contained within it , but by the protracted labors of a half century of existentialist afficionados , in both the literary establishment and Academia , who were marked by the absurdist ethic in some inchoate fashion that was unigue to their times . Auschwitz , Hiroshima , Mutually Assured Destruction , gave existentialist questions an intellectual cachet that struck a certain chord in a 1950 's America essentially middle-brow in its cultural aspirations -LRB- much like Zen with the contemporaneous Beats -RRB- , but the absurd hero has less to say to a world that worships the new gods of the global marketplace.The novel is not particularly realistic , more like the hazy dream of an opium smoker than a genuine portrayal of reality . What defense attorney , or judge , would allow the defendant 's behavior at his mother 's funeral to be entered into evidence at a capital trial ? This element of absurdity or ridiculousness emphasizes the theme , but it also transmutes The Stranger from a novel into a fantasy , an unrealistic fable with a doctrinaire , existentialist moral . If you want to read something Kafkaesque , read Kafka .
 The Stranger as translated by Matthew Ward has to be one of the sloppiest and most poorly written pieces of literature I 've ever attempted to read . It seemed like it was written by a seven year old , and I could only slog my way through eight pages before I threw `` it '' aside in disgust . The only thing missing was crayola writing and backwards `` R 's '' . I would like to cite an example from page 6 . `` Just then the caretaker came in behind me . He must have been running . He stuttered a little . ` We put the cover on , but I 'm supposed to unscrew the casket so you can see her ' . He was moving toward the casket when I stopped him . He said , ` You do n't want to ? ' I answered , ` No . ' He was quiet , and I was embarrassed because I felt I should n't have said that . `` All the five star reviews for this novel are surely for another translation of the book . I mean Albert Camus won a Nobel Prize in Literature , and this translation in no way , shape , or form represents that.Long story short , this translation of The Stranger is something I would gift to a person I did n't like .
 Camus ' `` masterpiece , '' The Stranger , falls short of expectations . The second half of the novel gets repetitive and tedious , as Meursault 's prison sentence seems to drag on forever . This book 's message was interesting and worthwhile , however Camus draws it out , with a anti-climatic conclusion . Although , I did not feel that this book is too interesting , it does deserve to be read , as it is a classic . Camus makes good points about the absrubness of life and the hopelessness of mankind . There is a good use of literary devises in this satire and translator Matthew Ward did an excellent job of bringing this story to English from French . In addition , the sentences seem simple when first read , however their hidden complexity does add some interest to an otherwise dull story . Book can lead to interesting discussions and thoughts , However at times the story is confusing and seems outdated . Meursault 's personality is very hard to grasp and he seems often times seems almost inhuman . Weak suspense near the end of the story . Nevertheless , it should be read once by everybody , however do n't expect it to be a sensational novel , as it may fall short of expectations .
 I did n't know it at the time this was assigned to me , but I was bound to hate this book . Correctly called an existentialist masterpiece , the book runs in circles . You can not identify with this character because he is so detached from his existence . The only ` moral lesson ' to be had seems to say that existence has no objective meaning , only that which you give it -LRB- an existentialist tenet -RRB- and if you give it no meaning , it does n't matter any way -LRB- point of the book -RRB- . As an Objectivist , I just ca n't identify with or support that in any way . The book gets 2 stars because Camus ' use of language is wonderful , but it is a talent wasted on a pointless book . If you want to read a book with purpose instead , pick up Ayn Rand 's Atlas Shrugged . Although her use of language is not as fluid , the themes of her books make much more sense .
 The characters in this book make my skin crawl . Salamano beats his dog , Raymond beats his mistress , Meursault kills a man for no reason , and then a bunch of stupid court officials try Meursault for his character instead of his crime . Meaursault himself seems psychopathic . As someone who has been diagnosed with moderate recurrent depression , I have felt miserable for long periods of time , tried to disengage from life , and believed that existence has no meaning . A lot of people have had these thoughts , because life is cruel and unfair . And yet , unlike Meaursault , we have n't killed anyone.Maybe if it were the first existensialism I 'd ever read , I would have been impressed . As it is , I just think The Stranger is a bleak book about a bunch of terrible people .
 I read this book in High School and I hated it . Even to my young 17 year old brain , the concepts of philosophy seemed ludicrous . I guess I must have understood them on some basic level , because like I said , I got an A . But it was a shock to me as well ! I understand why a book like this is in an Honors English class . It may be more interesting in the original French .
 Please let shoppers know who the translator is . It makes a difference . If you want the classic Stranger , do n't buy this edition . This is translated into `` American . ''
 The book is very short and very simplistic ; I felt that not Camus , but the one who translated it did not do a good job . It is a bit confusing because Meursault starts out as not caring about anything , but then he seems so infatuated with Marie . So it was a bit hard to decide what kind of character Meursault was supposed to be , although it does in a way show us that humans are not logical beings . On the intellectual level this book was not very appealing at all ; most of Meursault 's experiences were generalized . I have to say that the book only gets interesting in the last 20-30 pages , that is where the action starts to happen . Everything else before that is vague and garbage , it only talks about this guy who does not have feelings , but wait he does have feelings , or maybe he does n't . If I were you , I would save the time and read another more interesting book .
 I think this book was not amuzing in any such way . It made me feel disgust for the narrator . Especially with the fact that the story begins with `` Mama died today - or maybe yesterday . '' Through out the whole novel he does things that are not humane and his actions are presentable . Even though this book is short and not detailed I think there was more meaning behind it though .
 I thought that the book The Stranger was a book that could have been better . The book was not suspensful , and I really did not enjoy it . It had no climax , almost no plot , and the action was not built up at all . However , in this book , the author Albert Camus makes a few good points about our society . The book started with the death of the main character Meursault 's mother . Meursault went to her funeral , which was at the nursing home in which she lived . He showed no signs of sorrow over his mother 's death , and even fell asleep during her vigil . When Meursault returned home he concluded that `` really , nothing in his life had changed . '' The next day Meursault went to his neighbor Raymond 's house for dinner . Raymond was a pimp , although he told people that he was a `` warehouse guard . '' Raymond explained to Meursault the problem that he was having with a girlfriend of his who he said `` did him dirty . '' He asked Meursault to help him out with his problem , and when Meursault said yes , Raymond stated that he considered them pals . Meursault 's life went on , with nothing eventful happening until Raymond invited Meursault and Marie , Raymond 's girlfriend who was considering marriage between the couple , to his friend Masson 's bungalow . Meursault accepted the invitation , and went to the bungalow . However , right before they left , Raymond informed Meursault of a group of Arabs that had been following him ever since he had tried to resolve the conflict with his ex-girlfriend . The Arabs followed them to the bungalow , and through a series of complications , Meursault ended up shooting and killing one of the Arabs . The rest of the book is about Meursault 's time in jail , and his court hearing , in which he is sentenced to the guillotine , and his reaction afterwards . Although I do n't think The Stranger was a good book , I can make one positive observation about it . The author , Albert Camus , did a good job in this book of using indirect characterization . He did not tell us that Meursault was a man of little or no feelings , but left us to figure it out for ourselves . As the book moved on , we became more and more aware of the fact that Meursault was a shy , quiet , disturbed character . I stress the fact that I have several legitimate criticisms of this book . First , the book did n't really have a plot . It did have a series of events , each related to the next , but the plot was not built upon itself . This relates to my other point , which is that the highest point of drama , the climax , was not near the end of the book where it should have been , but in the middle of the book , making the ending long and drawn-out . I think that the theme of this book was that everyone should enjoy life . Do n't take it for granted , every new day could bring something unexpected . No one should go through life as Meursault did , lazily , boringly , lifelessly , and blankly . We should get out , enjoy life , and make the best of it . This may be what Albert Camus is trying to tell us in his book . The tone that Albert Camus took in this book was one of pity and shame . The author pitied the way Meursault went through life , and he was ashamed of it . By taking this tone , Camus was able to make us aware of the theme of the book . In this book , Meursault symbolized many people in life today for two reasons . First , many people take life for granted , just as Meursault did . Also , they do n't take any pride in anything that they do . Second , Meursault committed a `` pointless crime '' for apparently no reason at all . Many people today are guilty of those same pointless crimes . All in all , this was a fair book . I did not enjoy it , but if you read between the lines like I did , you can see that Camus is trying to give us a few important messages . However , the book was written in 154 pages when it could have been written in 80 and been just as good .
 This is another selection assigned to high school students which seems to be a part of the common theme of examining the inner self and its struggle between good and evil . The Stranger has a Stephen King flavor to it when it comes to the main character , Meursalt . Meursalt has no feelings for anything or anyone . At his mother 's funeral , he is a blank slate . His nonchalant response is to everything is basically ' I guess ' . Then he is put on trial for murder . This lack if feeling for anything continues , even as he heads to the guillotine . I am confused why this is such an important read , but it is still assigned . Camus ' style is overly simplistic and repetitive to the point of annoyance . It is not the worst book I have ever read , but I question its value even to high school students who probably wo n't catch whatever Camus is attempting to say .
 I had read the book Old Magic which is by the same author and I loved it . Then I read this one and I felt very sad . The characters feel like they have no depth to them . The story moves along slowly and painfully . I suggest that every one read Old Magic and spare themselves from this aweful book .
 This is the story of Ethan , a member of a secret organization that keeps historical things where they should be , resisting the changes of the order of chaos . Isabel , the other main character is a girl who is just joining the league and Ethan is her tutor and mentor . Together they must stop several dastardly plots to alter history and save the world from an evil mutant man-demon . I picked this book out from the library because I 'm running out of books - and because this one was in a trilogy and it looked cool . It was a mistake . The main character , Ethan , was such a pompous jerk ! With all his little rituals and his slavish devotion to the leaders , he was utterly disgusting and basically spineless . I want a rebel character , not one that is so devoted to the group that he does anything they think at him . He has his moment of rebellion at the end but it seems like the author threw it in just for fun . And King Richard ???? That part was so utterly random I could n't believe my eyes!The plot was a bit draggy and the alternating point of view was severely annoying . I found that some parts read too much like a military training journal
 I was so disappointed after reading this trilogy . The idea of the story itself was what attracted me in the first place . I found the alternating points of view extremely annoying . Because the focus changes from one character to another so quickly , I felt I was only skimming the top of the story . I was also disappointed at how the story ended . She just left the characters hanging at the end of the battle . What happend to their future ? I do n't recommend this trilogy .
 Hey . I read the book if you were wondering . I thought it was okay . I almost did n't finish , I was so mad at it . In all truthfullness , I belive its not worth reading . The only reason I finished it is because I had to use my gift certificate that I got for christmas . The true reason I picked it up is because it had an awesome bookcover . The worse part about this book is that it is unbeleiveably predictable . I could predict everything that heppened . I thought the author gave too much of the characters thoughts away . She could have concealed more to make the future more mysterious but she did n't . I also thought the characters were well deloped BUT they were unrealistic . They acted unrealistically and arrived at conclusions unrealistically . There was one point that I just thought `` How did he possibly come up with that ? '' He had no real logic to his thinking which normal people do . I do not recommend it . I admit that the premise is exciting and there are originol thoughts but i think much of the excitement is lost because everything is predictable and most of it has already been done before . Honestly , if you want a read that wastes your time , this is the book for you . Im not sure if i 'll be purchasing the next book . Frankly , I dont care what happens to the charachters enough to find out what happens . Thats another thing , I dont care enough for the characters . Anyway , dont bother getting this book . Truely . Take my advice and get some Lois Lowry Books -LRB- the giver , count the stars , ** gathering blue ** -RRB- which I HIGHLY recommend . Good Luck .
 Marianne Curley has without any doubt written a great and gripping story . I read the whole trilogy in two nights -LRB- very serious -RRB- . It was great fun . I am sure kids will love it . I have promptly gifted the three books to my younger cousin after reading.But after reading the story , in hindsight it was completely stupid and as someone mentioned without a consistent plot . I have read various fantasy authors , Tolkien and Jordan are amongst my favorites . A good fantasy may take place in a different world or in our world , but irrespective there are rules.But I have never read of a fantasy novel where all the hidden secret characters in a prophecy to stop the villan belong to the same school , same class and/or same family . The named are rare and posses rare talents and they fight the order who are also rare . But the whole novel plot which threatens univeral and temporal apocalpyse centers in fights between people in the same city and school . I can summarize this novel in `` Damn who is that enemy or ally , oh he is my classmate and he will now return from the dark side , but the dark side is still gets stronger . `` or how about `` I give you this extremely supercool power to the traitor , but also I am too stupid to use it myself and just find out who the traitor is , because if I did that , the novel will be over `` Further inconsistencies follow in the other novels especially about the tribunal and the goddess of chaos . A whole medley of concepts reduces the plot to outright stupidity . As far some deeper concept is concerned , forget it , she is no Rowling . I still remember `` The mirror of Erised gives only false dreams , it provides neither knowledge nor wisdom '' . Sadly the same can be said of this book when I compare it with Tolkien , Jordan et al.On the plus side , the writer has an amazing gripping style of writing , it keeps the readers hooked . I loved reading it . Simply put , reading the novel was great fun !!! The plot is imaginative and varied , the creatures fun , the abilities of the characters cool and impressive . The thrill continues with every page . No one can reject this novel as fun the first time.But after it is over , the book is hollow , nothing persuades me to remember it anymore.Still I will give it 3.5 stars . -LRB- I gave one here to balance the ratings -RRB- As a sidenote for young kids , this is a must read and they will adore it .
 W2 has been controvercial since the day it came out . It makes no distinction between correct and non-standard words , it 's pronuciation guide is non-standard , it 's emphasis marks are in the wrong place . . it even includes `` ai n't '' without comment . The truth is W3 was really a cost cutting measure . The larger W2 -LRB- with it 's `` Reference History '' and other extra material -RRB- cost so much to produce that Merriam set about to size the thing down . The result , I am afraid is not as good as where they stared . The old W2 , even badly dated as it is , really remains the best dictionary by far . It 's all there , but it puts non-standard words below a line across the page . As far as questions about words go , The 2nd settles the matter ; the 3rd leaves us wondering . In my opinion , the Merriam 2nd is still the best . Second place goes to the OED , -LRB- too big , too expencive , and reaaly just a list of examples anyway -RRB- then maybe in 3rd place , the old New World Unabridged . Merriam , -LRB- now part of Britanica -RRB- really should just bight the bullet , retire the W3 and set about updating W2 . CD 's and the net have taken away the original arguement that the W2 was just too expensive to print and bind . And the few hard copies made could be a little pricey . . they usually go to intitutions , not indviduals anyway .
 It did n't work on my Windows Vista laptop . There seems to be some compatibility problems . I ca n't find any alternate too .
 As a Mac owner and editor , I was delighted to learn that WNID3 was available in CD-ROM form for the Macintosh . However , my delight turned to disappointment after using the dictionary for the first time . Though the installation was effortless , the dictionary is too outdated for users who need current information , and the search interface -LRB- on the Mac , at least-maybe the Windows version is okay -RRB- is less than ideal . For example , the program did n't recognize `` Russia '' as a viable word , probably because Russia was the USSR back in 1971 , the year -LRB- I believe -RRB- WNID3 was last updated . When I used the more advanced search option of searching through definition entries for occurrences of `` Soviet Union , '' the program listed `` 3 entries found , '' -LRB- 3 entries with definitions containing the words `` Soviet '' and `` Union '' -RRB- but provided no way to access those three entries ! In a comparison between Merriam-Webster 's excellent on-line dictionary and their WNID3 software , it took 9 seconds to get a definition of `` zoology '' on-line , and a whopping 30 seconds to get the same definition using the software . The time delay might be solved by being able to run the dictionary straight from the CD-ROM , but that is n't an available option . Not the ideal choice for professional use , though it 's probably just fine for personal reference needs .
 There are n't all that many choices for dictionaries on CD-ROM yet , at an affordable price . The price was right , but after using this dictionary for about a month now , I must say I am very disappointed by what is missing from this reference `` book '' ! There are no
 The Webster 's Third New International Dictionary is a huge and wonderful resource that has more than 400,000 definitions . It 's probably the second most comprehensive behind the Oxford English Dictionary . And it 's also straight out of 1961 and a total waste of your money.There seems to be two major arguments about this dictionary , both of which miss the point.First , there 's the issue of prescriptive vs. descriptive . Most general users want a descriptive dictionary . We all know that , for example , `` ai n't '' is bad English . But we also know that it 's been spoken and written billions of times and thus should not be ignored simply because it offends those who speak or write properly.The far bigger issue here is whether or not you , the consumer , should buy THIS dictionary given that it 's the same one they were publishing back in 1961 . The primary argument for using this book is that we do n't need a dictionary of current English and it 's helpful to have something that explains words that might not be found in newer dictionaries . It 's true that no one should need to look up `` Internet '' or `` email . '' However , that does n't make this dictionary any more valuable.The value of this edition as a tool in using older words is minimal . You can get this edition for a few bucks at a yard sale or a `` friends of the library sale . '' If you need a dictionary like this right now , there is at least one alternative that will give you more accurate definitions as well as words you might encounter in your reading , especially older English literature . That dictionary is the Chambers 9th edition which was revised and published as recently as 2003 . It has more than 300,000 definitions and goes back all the way to Shakespeare . It is one of the dictionaries of choice for Scrabble users -LRB- and that 's saying something ! -RRB- and English majors . While it might be a little smaller than the Webster 's Third , it makes up for it in all other ways - including price . It 's half the cost!There are countless examples that show why it 's helpful to have a dictionary that 's both modern and defines older words Take the word `` negro . '' This dictionary defines it as an acceptable term for common usage . The Chambers defines it and then explains that it 's now considered offensive . Look up `` anti-Semite '' - Webster 's Third defines it not just as someone who has hostility towards Jews , but also anyone who opposes Zionism or sympathizes with who those who oppose Israel . Talk about a loaded political definition . Chambers , like any other modern English dictionary , defines it essentially -LRB- and more accurately -RRB- as `` hatred of Jews . '' And with Chambers you can still look up a word that has n't been written in a newspaper for about 100 years -LRB- e.g. `` cark '' -RRB- and find the correct definition.You work hard for your money . Save it . If you need a dictionary that gives you definitions of older words buy the Chambers . If you simply must have the Webster 's Third you can get it for a few bucks at a library sale .
 A lot of words defined here , but still not complete . Mine is the 2003 V3 .0 version and it does finally include `` internet '' -- but do n't bother looking for `` blog '' as it is not there . Could the etymologies and histories be more complete ? Yes . Other criticisms I read of this CD are also on the mark , as , for example , the absence of many of the print-version illustrations.There are a lot of search options that could be helpful . One of these claims to find homophones -LRB- homonyms -RRB- . This version will find neither `` bow '' for `` bough '' nor `` ruff '' for `` rough '' . Still a useful item for many purposes , but complete or unabridged it 's not .
 The CD-Rom is very disappointing . The graphics look like early 90 's graphics , the font has no ability to be adjusted to a larger size , and the sentences are all bunched together making it difficult to read . It 's as if they just scanned the W3 into a software format and decided to sell it with absolutely no modifications . The developers should take a hint from Encarta 's Dictionary format . And all this for $ 49.95 . Oh , and if you 've got Webster 's Collegiate Ed . installed , -LRB- on Windows XP -RRB- you can not install the W3 alongside of it -LRB- I wanted to do this to compare definitions -RRB- . It 's either one or the other.Some additional improvements would be a pronunciation guide -LRB- the kind that you click on the word and it pronounces the word out loud -RRB- , as well as a feature to hide archaic or obsolete definitions of a word .
 The interface may be horrific or it may be brilliant ; either way , I would n't know as that I am running on a laptop with a vertical resolution of 480 dpi . When running at this resolution , the bottom of the dialogue boxes are chopped off - scroll bars , lists of words , et al - instead of resizing as would be expected of even a sub-par user interface.And tech-support 's response to my dilemma ? Increase your resolution . Sorry , it 's a laptop with a fixed resolution ; not an option . Guess I 'm stuck with Encarta 's less-than-inspiring definitions of words .
 Sent me the 1986 version , not the one pictured . It was only volume 1 also which only covered words starting with the letters A-G .
 The first three items I checked were not in this dictionary . I do n't like the way they credit everyone who has a definition for a word . My daughter bought the one just under this one in price and it is a great source of word definitions . This is pretentious and a big disappointment.Jeanne MatthewsSeverna Park , Md. , 21146
 I ordered a copy of this Dictionary that according to the site was published in June of 2002 for a local school spelling bee . I was sent an older copy of this dictionary that was published in 1986 that is too old to be of use in the spelling bee . I have written e-mail to the seller asking that he either send me the updated 2002 dictionary or refund my money and have not heard anything back yet ! I hope that my school 's students are not going to be dissapointed !
 Were it not for the immediate remedy and response from the seller , there would be no stars at all for this item . The pages were bound out of order in sections and some pages were missing . Hopefully the seller was able to correct this problem .
 SINE I BOUGHT THIS IN APRIL , 2007 , IT HAS MALFUNCTIONED
 From the very start I had problems with the CD . Before it would work , I had to download 2 patches . I emailed MW tech support , and by the end of the first week , had not received a reply . There are a number of features , meant to enhance , that actually work in reverse . I would have preferred a simple thesaurus addition , rather than a crossword puzzle solver . Buy the book instead !
 Pournelle is n't a classic sci-fi author , though he has co-written some fine novels -LRB- with Larry Niven -RRB- . So , naturally I was interested in reading a stand-alone novel by Pournelle . First I read Future History , which was a power-struggle based sci-fi novel . It bored me . Then I came upon Exiles to Glory and I thought Pournelle could justify himself.Unfortunate for me and for Pournelle , I thought this book was also a bore . It 's pace is written like a golden age sci-fi novel in its `` fast-paced one-problem/one-solution '' approach . It was unflavored and the plot was jerky most of the time . It was so jerky that the holes in the plot are pretty easy to piece together yourself . This will probably be my last stand-alone Pournelle novel .
 For those looking for a half-way house between impenetrable textbooks about grief and dying , and those awful dogmatic pamphlets that use the word `` energy '' in an inappropriate and annoying way ... look elsewhere.A friend recommended the early case study chapters in this book -LRB- and to be fair , they were very interesting -RRB- but I decided to read further . More words like `` soul '' and `` spirit '' were being dropped in each chapter with greater frequency . By the time chapter 4 comes along and the author meets Elisabeth Kubler-Ross all pretence of analysis goes out of the window . There was an unfortunate window in Kubler-Ross ' life when she abandoned critical thinking and embraced the teachings of -LRB- what appeared to the watching world to be -RRB- a charlatan spiritualist . She rejected such nonsense just before she died and the arena of psychology has kindly glossed over this aberration . Dr Cole revels in it.He conflates anecdotal reports or speculative literature as evidence . He reports that a neurosurgeon once had a premonition -LRB- not appreciating that a neuro-SCIENTIST could explain these events quite easily -RRB- . There are studies being conducted at the time of writing to examine the reality of near-death experiences although the results keep being held back -LRB- amid complaints of interference -RRB- . If you are already a believer in spiritualism then go ahead and enjoy this book . If you employ critical thinking then this book will make you so angry it will be thrown across the room at least once a chapter -LRB- twice in the latter half of the book -RRB- .
 I 've been to Zimbabwe and am planning a return trip next year ; consequently , I 've been searching for anything I can find to read about the former Rhodesia . There 's not a lot available , frankly , though I was looking forward to reading Catherine Buckle 's book on the recent farm invasions in rural Zimbabwe -LRB- invasions that got a little bit of press over here in Japan before vanishing from the news completely -RRB- . I was a bit put off by the cover , however
 Like any sell out of their own , she now cries for protection . She has reaped what she and her kind sowed . 20 years ago , the forwarnings of this where well known , but people like Catherine denounced them as racist bigots , so such . Now , like the sell-out then and now reaping her eternal benifits of such , should now be allowed to stew in a sewer of her own making . Tough Luck kid , maybe next life you wo n't sell out .
 This one is definitely not Saturday morning light reading . The author does have some interesting insights into society , though .
 This book offers tried and true slow cooker fare -- the types of dishes that come to mind when you think of Crock Pots . I like the slow cooker basics section -- four pages for the slow cooker novice . Recipes in this book include appetizers , main dishes , sides , soups , stews and even breads and desserts -LRB- the weakest section , but it is a slow cooker book -RRB- . This book is for folks who enjoy simple but good food . For a more exciting and expansive option , I recommend Not Your Mother 's Slow Cooker Cookbook . For something even more exotic , get The Gourmet Slow Cooker .
 `` Memories of John Lennon '' should have been a new , exciting narrative of John Lennon 's life with Yoko Ono -- chocked full of new insights and details , BUT IT 'S NOT . There is not one scrap of biographical information in this book.Instead , the book is bland collection of generic praise for Lennon from various musicians and other celebrities -LRB- Paul McCartney and Ringo Starr are glaringly absent -RRB- . The majority of the entries , many from celebrities such as Bono and Carly Simon , follow a predictable pattern in which the contributor notes Lennon 's sharp wit , remembers a small personal kindness and sadly suggests that we could sure use a man like him today . Some have never even met the man , like Nils Lofgren . Some of the recollections have been cut-and-pasted from old interviews , like Elton John 's , giving the book a trashy , opportunistic feel . I was dismayed to see Elliot Mintz was included in this book because of his cruel criticism of May Pang - or perhaps that 's why he IS included.A lot of the praise for Lennon is devoted his solo hit `` Imagine . '' I agree that `` Imagine '' was a great song , but Lennon wrote others , did n't he ? I assume that Beatles ' masterpieces like `` A Day in the Life , '' `` I Am the Walrus , '' `` Nowhere Man '' and others were deemed off-limits for some reason.I admit that I am a Lennon memorabilia collector and I put this book on my wish list before it was even published . Let me give some advice to other collectors out there ... This one is n't worth the money -- wait for it to land in the inevitable bargain bin !
 Memories Of John Lennon , `` edited '' and introduced by Yoko Ono . I put that word in quotes because I 'm skeptical that this book was edited at all.A real editor might have reminded contributor and onetime activist Tariq Ali that `` Revolution '' was a single , not an album.Ali also writes of the day Lennon died : `` I think the tribute -LSB- John -RSB- would have loved was the spontaneous grief in Moscow as kids rushed to the Lenin hills and sang `` Back in the U.S.S.R. `` Yes , if I were John Lennon , I 'd love it if people grieved for me by singing a Paul McCartney song , too.Ali shares pride-of-place for ignorance with of all people , Ray Charles , who makes a similar mistake about `` Yesterday . `` The book as a whole overflows with gushing , largely unearned sentiment . If it was just another one of those things it would be bad enough but it 's also absolute psychic head for Yoko.Person after person
 I bought this book with happy anticipation . It seemed like a good idea
 Do n't waste your money-this is the least interesting book I have ever read . The essays are so badly written and many are so self-serving it is offensive -LRB- who is that half-wit Julie Gold ? -RRB- . I 'm not sure how it 's possible to make a boring book about John Lennon but this one succeeds . Too bad , it could have been great .
 There is nothing of interest in this book . Read the Amazon and Publishers Weekly reviews - they politely explain how little of the content is either new or tells you anything significant about John Lennon . If you buy it you are only providing more money to a very rich talentless person who has parasited the memory of JL for 25 years .
 Like any bottom-sucker , Yoko continues to feed off the legacy of a deeply troubled , yet brilliant , man . If you have a warm spot in your heart for John Lennon , do not buy this book .
 Some of the norms are from obscure sources and acknowledgements that other norms even exist -LRB- where they almost always do -RRB- is lacking . Only occasionally has this book proven helpful when writing up reports . If that 's why you want it , I 'd check elsewhere first . I 've even had trouble finding a concise statement of facets measured by some of the individual tests . The editor 's general assessment book is much better put together . As a reference source , this one has been a disappointment .
 LORD JIM - I could n't get into it - rather boring and difficult to follow.Perhaps I will give it another try at another time .
 I love Conrad , so I was very disappointed when I read -LRB- or slogged through -RRB- LORD JIM . Conrad was heavily under the influence of Henry James when he wrote this book , and if you like Henry James , then you 'll probably like this one . But , as Michael Crichton said about Henry James , `` I ca n't stand Henry James . His stuff reads like a first draft . '' Conrad writes like Henry James here in that the sentences are eternal and convoluted , and take forever to make a point . And every little thing in LORD JIM is symbolic of ... you name it
 Perhaps it is the nineteenth century writing style or the nautical terminology , but the pronoun-laced conversational passages have left me wondering who was on first , or who was the first mate.Conrad was a pathbreaker in the subjects he treated and no doubt had interesting experiences , but I prefer his other works .
 Lord Jim had all the key elements for an extremely interesting story , love / murder / adventure , but quickly loses the reader with the confusing writing style . It is hard to know who is talking and Jim 's personality or looks are only discussed in the first two senetences of the story . I believe that if Conrad had lightened his style a little bit it could have been a much better novel .
 I was assigned this book through my 10th grade English course . Never before have I been forced to struggle through a book like this one . Conrad 's style is adds superfluous information that does absolutely nothing to advance the plot or symbolic significance of the story . The sentences and paragraphs were too large to be dealt with rationally . One of the chapters , which is about 4 and a half pages , is one single paragraph ! While the story itself was a good one , Joseph Conrad ruins it with his esoteric and over-descriptive style of novel-writing .
 It amazes me that an author who is considered so wonderful could be so dull . The book is dry and so hard to get through . I read this for a research paper on imperialism and hated it . Never before did I need to use Cliff Notes . I had to have them so I could understand the chapters as I went along . Only read any of Conrad 's work if you really enjoy long , dull , winding , and pointless stories . There are so many descriptions of the setting , that Conrad necer can find the space to focus on the characters . Like Jim , the main character . I know less about him than I do about a stanger that I could meet on the street .
 Many years ago I saw the movie ` Lord Jim ' with Peter O'Toole and I thought it was a great flick with a lot of depth and very thought-provoking . It is one of my favorite films . So , I thought I would read the book since I 've often found books to be even better than the movie . But , in this case I was sorely disappointed . The book , to me , was very hard to read with exceedingly long sentences and paragraphs and written almost in a ` stream-of-conciousness ' mode as told by a third person . I found this to be true of Conrad 's ` Nostromo ' as well and have to admit that I failed to finish either book because of the cumbersome writing style . Perhaps , I am not smart enough to understand the writing style . In any case , may advice is to watch the movie which I found to be much more enjoyable .
 Ugh . This might have been a good book if it were half the size , but Conrad strains to keep the plot going amid the endless descriptions of sea , sky , and the characters ' states of mind . Move along , move along ! This ancient icon may be a monument to Conrad 's mastery of his second language , and it may be a tragic psychological exploration of the universal heroic destiny -LRB- or something equally dense -RRB- , but listening to it does n't exactly keep you on the edge of your seat .
 I debated whether or not I should write a review . After all , I only read the first 70 pages or so , after which I decided to stop slogging through this tedious novel . However , since I assume most people who would buy and read this book are doing it for their own enjoyment , I felt complelled to chime in , although I 'm clearly in the minority . However , I must add in my defense that this book was initially criticized by his contemporaries as a short story that just kept rambling on with no apparent purpose , a criticism I find valid.The premise sounds fascinating - the journey of a young seaman who attempts to reconcile his dishonorable past . It sounded like it would be an interesting tale about the conflict between heroics and harsh reality . However , in the delivery of the story , I lost all interest shortly . The main problem I see is in the vivid descriptions and imagery . This , or course , is usually a good thing . However , Conrad seems to go into such great description of every little detail that it distracts from the main story . It seems that Conrad could have been just as effective by using half of the words . The non-sequitur narrative also makes it a bit more difficult to follow , although I think this could have been effective if the narrative would have been more concise and to the point.However , rather than merely blasting away at `` Lord Jim , '' I will at least give one alternative - `` Heart of Darkness '' , also by Joseph Conrad . Read my take of this in my other reviews . This is a much more interesting and more enjoyable read than `` Lord Jim '' , and about half its length . Plus , it offers a more poignant picture of Imperialism and its ideals -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- . Perhaps I will give it another go in the future , but until then I would recommend you give `` Lord Jim '' a pass and spend your money and time on another novel , perhaps `` Heart of Darkness . ''
 I am a Sophomore being forced to read this difficult and virtually impossible book for class . It 's downright dull and far too difficult for me to comprehend while I 'm trying to make deadlines at a pace of 3 minutes a page ! Joseph Conrad should have tried speaking English !
 This is one of the worst books in the world -- in my humble opinion ! OK , I 'm in the minority . Most of the reviewers LOVED the book . I think this book is a waste of beautiful words ! Yes , Conrad had a beautiful English vocabulary . But , the `` story '' is `` encrusted '' with so many words you 'll tire of it after awhile . OK , try the book , but now , at least , you wo n't feel as I did , `` What 's wrong with ME that I do n't like this book . '' You wo n't feel `` alone '' in your reaction . I think `` Heart of Darkness '' is a much better book . Comments ? boland7214@aol.PS
 I gave up reading this '' Gibberish / Jargon '' at about the 125th page . Jargon is defined as speech or writing full of long , unfamiliar , or roundabout words or phrases . Jargon accurately describes this novel . If you want to read 400 pages of jargon and try to figure out what Mr. Conrad is trying to say , then this book is definitely for you . I 'm sure Mr. Conrad was an excellent sailor but a writer he is not .
 As much as I love Conrad 's style , this one was just too long . He should n't have tried to write a full-blown novel . Some things should just be kept concise . If you want to read something good from Conrad , go after Heart of Darkness .
 Maybe something lost in translation . More of a &#34; thoughts on life &#34; than a novel . Hope this helps . Lots of better aviation books too .
 I finished this book only because I had to . Pages and pages describing a single grain of sand . Not for me .
 There 's one good chapter , a good story , about survival . Otherwise , the pretentious Frenchman force feeds the reader his personal philosophy through a superfluous writing style . His name matches his style , long-winded and pretentious .
 This was an interestng diversion but hardly the masterpiece that I was led to expect . Pretty ordinary .
 I ca n't believe this book is rated so highly ! I though it was awful and found the writing very boring . I would read several pages and completely forget what I just read . There were a few good parts , but every time the author would start to draw you in so you feel involved with a character he would stop and completely change subjects . Do n't bother with this book . I would highly recommend `` West With The Night '' instead if you 're interested in pilot stories of this era .
 Perhaps the translation was bad ? After all , the book won a big prize in France . But for me the prose was pedestrian when not purple . The tone was basically puffery for being a pilot . This is the sort of book that would likely excite a schoolboy or girl who is full of romance for adventure . But not for the mature .
 I thought the book was horrible cuz it was nothing that i thought was exciting and also cuz it was very hard to read i hated it but that is my opinion but everyone i asked said they thought the same thing i just said !!!
 A Practical Guide to Appellate Advocacy -LRB- Coursebook Series -RRB- book not shipped
 Aside from the numerous typos , I found the book to be deadly dull with little of substantive value . Redundancy abounds as case after case leaves you glassy eyed begging on bended knee for it all to end . I 'm sorry I wasted my time and money on this one . I give it two stars for the sheer skill of Mr. Warren , a pompus egomanic , but shrewd marketeer . To bad he ca n't write .
 While British author Brian Sweet should be commended for compiling the first ever account of Steely Dan in book form , the publishers should have realized that Sweet was not a first rate author . Or a writer in the usual sense . . he was the creator of a sloppy fanzine that even to diehard Steely Dan fans was both obsessive and idiotic . Omnibus perhaps should have subtitled this ' A Britsh fans ' view of Steely Dan ' for it is quite ironic that Steely Dan , perhaps the most American of all the great 1970 's bands , has yet to be recognized by the US rock historians . While Sweet does fill in some of the holes in the early Steely saga he spends too much time on banal trivia , is it really important that we know what color tie Fagen & Becker 's first manager was wearing when he met them ? Did we really need a picture of Donny Fagen age 12 ? The publishers should have realized that they had hired an adoringfan of the composers and not a writer or researcher . My father said that you can alwaysjudge a book by its index and bibliography ... this book has neither ... no index + no bibliography = sloppy writing ... Steely Dan deserve better .
 When Brian Sweet approached Donald Fagen and Walter Becker about writing an Authorized Biography , they reportedly told him , `` Write it as though we are dead . '' They wanted nothing to do with it . Sweet 's only alternative was then to interview people equipped with self-serving , flawed and , at worst , apocryphal tales . Interviewing Donald 's family aside , Sweet was left with gaping holes and apparently filled in the blanks . The result barely rises to the level of elementary school term-paper fiction , for there are gaping holes in his writing style as well . Note how many times the writing style and tones shift . His lack of command of the fundamentals of writing makes this a laughably disastrous romp that is , ironically , in stark contrast to D&W 's sterling polish . If you 're an obsessive Dan fan and must read this , you 'll learn a little bit about Donald from his mother and get a few cool pictures , but take the rest with a grain of salt . I hope there will someday be a memoir that gives an accurate account of the history of Steely Dan . This highly dubious , spurious and egregious farce , however , is NOT it .
 Do you want to know everything there is to know about Steely Dan short of kidnapping Becker and Fagen , putting a gun to their heads and forcing them to talk ? Then get this book . As you might expect , Becker and Fagen -LRB- B&F -RRB- refused to talk to the author , Brian Sweet . To put together this history of Steely Dan , he ransacked every published interview and magazine article , and interviewed many of the musicians and recording personnel that worked with B&F . He then wrote everything out in chronological order in a prose style that is barely above `` workmanlike . '' This book seems to describe everything that is known about B&F . He has little insight into the jealously guarded minds of B&F and he does not speculate . The bottom line is that we are all forced by the consistent and long-term strategies of B&F to confront the carefully crafted music they have recorded without insight into the motivations and personal lives that brought that music into existence . This focus on the art and not the artists must be seen as a positive by Steely Dan fans or else the frustrations become overwhelming . And for me , the tremendous music they recorded is enough , but I admit , I really enjoyed learning the history that Brian Sweet had to tell . Perhaps someday we will get an in-depth , authorized biography of B&F . Until then , this book will have to do .
 I was asked to read this book -LRB- along with several others from this author -RRB- , by a friend . I am a Christian who holds a Biblical worldview and found this book to be interesting in many ways , but off the mark in some ways too . If you have a strong Bible background ... you can sift the wheat from the chaff in this book and the Spirit will certainly speak through it . If not , I suggest you run from it and do n't allow this into your head . This is another preacher trying to convince others that having large numbers of congregants equates to God 's blessing . This is another lie that does not line up with the Bible or true Christianity . This is once again not a true picture of how Church is described in the Bible nor does it deliver a good explanation of the Gospel message .
 A book does n't have to decipher Chaos Theory to be good . Everyone needs an `` easy read '' now and then . It 's nice to slice through some sappy little tear-jerker on a plane or during a long car ride . And I love all books ... I think it 's because I have some need to please an author I 'll never meet by liking their book . My co-dependency aside , this book is poorly written ; bloated with clich&eacute;s ; and full of such unrealistic conversation that you 'll actually read lines out loud to people for a good laugh . Being me , I have to think of something positive so here it is
 This book , which tries to act like a full sized book , but is so full of larger print ... larger spacing ... huge margins ... empty pages or nearly empty pages ... chapters cut into 10 or 15 pieces , so that they can then insert MORE blank pages ... is a big , fat , waste of time . It pretty much reads like a 13 year old girl 's diary ... sappy , and not in touch with reality . I love a good tear jerker ... this one was neither good OR a tear jerker . The only good thing I can say about reading this book is that I got it at the library and did not pay for it ... I 'd have kicked myself if I had paid for it . My advice ? Do n't waste your time OR your money . How this ever made the Best Sellers List is beyond me .
 The good news is the book was so short , I could finish it and be done with it . This book was about 5 people with absolutely no personality flaws , except the self-absorbed narrator , which , low and behold is a writer ! -LRB- Note to future novelists - you are n't that interesting , stop making every character in every book be a writer . Pick one of the other million professions out there . -RRB- Did anyone else notice the timing error ? Grams started the affair when she was like 40-ish , but could n't marry the guy until his kids were grown , which happened to be about 35 years later . Did his wife give birth 10 years after she died ?
 I loved `` Suzanne 's Diary for Nicholas '' and was hoping that Mr. Patterson would again engage me in a really good story , even if it brought me to tears . That did n't happen here . Instead , I found this book filled with every possible cliche and circumstance , as tho he 'd created a list of every imaginable sad scenario , and checked them off as he worked them into this novel . Young , beautiful woman widowed ... then a miscarriage ... now a beloved grandmother in a coma , with her own life 's story to tell via letters ... and then a new boyfriend dying of cancer . C'mon ! It is so far beneath his talents for a good story , that I ca n't imagine why he would take the time to write it ... unless he simply enjoys laughing all the way to the bank . I read it in less than 2 hours ... hoping that he would redeem himself and make it worth my while . Did n't happen .
 Worth the $ 2 I spent on it at the used book sale . -LRB- They lost me when the hero brings an electrocuted kitty back to life - oy ! -RRB-
 My mom passed this book on to me with the words , `` it 's a quick read . '' And I will give her proper credit , it was a quick read . Unfortunately , the plot is far from subversive and the characters are two dimensional at best . The plot while slightly outlandish -LRB- woman loses husband and miscarries , then meets a man that is also dying -RRB- could technically happen , but I was not emotionally invested in any of these characters . And sadly , I think that is what this book is missing , characters that the reader knows or indentifies with or some sort of level . When I read , I like to think well I know someone like that or I can picture that character . I did n't do that at all in this book . Patterson seldom gets behind typecasted characters to actually create anyone real . I am honestly not sure what could have saved this book , more exposition or details maybe ... not a total write off ... but nothing spectacular .
 I agree the book is quick and easy read . But I disagree that it was a romantic tearjerker . It is obvious that Patterson is a man writing about a woman . Before I even started it I figured out the plot , the ending and everything in between . One that really annoyed me was the fact that only one man was in the story with Jennifer and of course they must fall in love . I was surprised in myself , I cry easily over anything romantic and loveydovey - but this did not touch me . He used stories or sayings that are quite trite and disappointed me in lack of imagination . -LRB- The jar of sand and rocks - come on how many times have we heard it before -RRB- I was hoping for more from such an acclaimed author , but he left me with nothing . I am sure by next week I will have forgotten all about it . If he writes another I am going to pass it by , like I would recommend to others about this book .
 Okay , this is a tough one . I did n't like or dislike this story . It just did n't touch me on an emotional level the way `` Suzanne 's Diary '' did . What it did do was leave me with some questions , however . What exactly was the purpose of these letters anyway ? And why were they written in letter form ? Why not as a diary ? Why write them and never mail them . And was n't Brenden just a little to good to be true ? I 'm not much of a `` romance '' reader , but it seems that whenever I have read a romance , it almost always takes place at a lake or in a remote cabin near some body of water . Quite the clich&eacute; and a bit boring . By the time I got to the end I felt nothing . A bit disappointing , since I normally like Patterson 's books . But if you looking for a quick way to waste an afternoon , this might be for you .
 I and a number of other authors have written tear-jerking-cry until-there-are-no-more-tears-left , types of novels just like this one and could n't get it passed the editorial assistant 's assistant , let alone an agent.First let me say this , I thoroughly agree with reviewer -LRB- publishers weekly ? -RRB- who said it did not translate well to audio.Although Jane Alexander was exceptional , for the first time I found Anne Heche to be weepy and droll with a tear in every single word making it even more tedious.As for the novel itself , could he get anymore death , dying and near death in one 272 page novel ? And what 's with eighty-three chapters in that length ? That 's like 3.2 pages per . Editors I know would look at me like I grew two heads . -LRB- but then I am NOT James Patterson -RRB- . In a nutshell its girl lost husband , girl losing/lost grandmother who wrote a series of letters to her telling her about a secret indiscretion -LRB- I liked that part the best -RRB- , girl finds new man , but the new man is dying . New man lives ? Dies ? I 'll let you read it for yourself . Hate to give away a plot no matter how succinct it is.The story is not bad if you want to spend your Sunday afternoon sucking up tissue fibers or re-applying your makeup for the forty-fifth time.A few readers and writers I know agree that if this book had been written by a woman it would never have gotten the review and kudos it did . ALA Bridges of Madison county.Maybe its because I ca n't get passed ALEX CROSS that I do n't see this as a Patterson genre , but it seemed to work for most of his following , but I 'm afraid , this time it was n't for me and I like his novels .
 It 's a nice , fast summer read , and I must admit to shedding a tear or two , but overall , I did n't like it.I do n't think I 'll be reading more James Patterson . For one thing , he is totally unconvincing as a 35-year-old female . I mean come on . There 's this one line about an `` upside-down ponytail '' and it almost made me quit reading and throw the book against the wall in frustration . Funny how little things like that can throw off the whole experience . Generally for me , this was not dense enough to be a real romance . Badabing badaboom , they 're in love . But why ? No one knows.Anyway , if you 're in the mood for a fluffy read , you might be ok with this one . Otherwise , skip it .
 I read all the books put out by Patterson ... and love the Alex Cross character . This one was over the top . I do n't know , it was just too simple . Now granted it was nice to read it in one night after a busy day at work , but it just left me saying , `` huh '' . Lots of holes , but I guess there were some feel good moments . Like another reviewer wrote , way too many `` you are gorgeous '' moments over and over.Agent Cross , we are ready for your return !
 Thank goodness this was a short book because it was a complete waste of my time . The story was boring and predictable but the worst thing is how VERY POORLY WRITTEN it is . It 's like some high school kid wrote it . This Patterson guy needs some writing classes . There is no way I would go near another one of his books again . And I read constantly . Save your time and money on this one . It was terrible !
 Has James Patterson sunk so low that he 's now penning drivel just for the money ? Every 1-star reviewer of this book is right on , so I wo n't repeat their critiques . Every 4 - and 5-star reviewer must have read a different book ! I am angry that Mr. Patterson holds his loyal fans in such low esteem that he 'd allow so shallow and boring a book to come to market . I am angry that his publisher was so greedy to do it ! Like so many other bestselling authors , Patterson seems to have lost his touch , even in his mystery series . A smart author should know when to say when , and if he does n't , then I do - WHEN ! If he continues to write this kind of garbage , I will no longer read it .
 If you 're a lonely housewife , romantic at heart , and like harlequins , wait for Patterson 's book to come out in paperback . It 's an easy sugary read , tugging at your heartstrings , but not worth the hardcover price . It also seems to me that Patterson is jumping on a new genre style of writing and `` literally '' losing his fans of Alex Cross . He is trying to capitalize on sappy , romantic , tragic , love stories after his success of Suzanne 's Diary for Nicholas and picking a touristy , profitable town like Lake Geneva , which he may not even have visited for more than a day , just to sell his books and make more money . I admit I like easy , romantics once in a great while , but a classic writer like Patterson should leave the romantic books to R.W.A -LRB- Romance Writers of America -RRB- . And lastly , he should fire his editor and take writing classes again with all his money . This is not literature ; it 's choppy , full of basic writing errors , and clich&eacute; .
 James Patterson lost his touch in this book . The romance seemed too forced and the plot did n't flow as smoothly as you would expect it would from a Patterson novel . The fact the the reverend is shacking up with a married women is never discussed . Jennifer becomes romantically involved with a man she knew when she was too young to remember him and the apprehensions about becoming involved so recently after her first husband 's death are only lightly discussed . The story seems too forced and Patterson should stick to mystery thrillers .
 This is by far the worst book I 've ever read . To think that trees had to be sacrificed to make this ! I 'll be brief . It was the most cliched plot I 've ever encountered , there was practically no character development , the dialogue was extremely cheesy/poorly written and there was no substance to anything that happened in it . At some point , it reached its apogee of absurdity when the heroine 's beau gave her electrocuted cat CPR , after which she fell more deeply in love with him . Utter garbage .
 This book was an easy , fast read , but the story line was very melodramatic and predictable . There was no depth to the story . The romance was a little too sappy .
 The name James Patterson is synnonymous with some of the greatest thrillers written in the 1990s . Along Came A Spider , Kiss The Girls , and 1st To Die are three of the finest examples of mystery writing that have been offered to readers in years . It was novels like these that rocketed Patterson to international fame . Too bad he ca n't just rest on his laurels , because with novels such as Sam 's Letters To Jennifer , Patterson is robbing his readers of time and money.The story of this 250 page wonder starts out with journalist Jennifer being called to watch over her grandmother , Sam , who has recently suffered a fall and is in a coma . Naturally , grams is Jennifer 's last surviving relative , and her one link to her past . Yada yada yada , Sam has a story to tell Jennifer , and she does it through a series of letters that Jennifer reads throughout the course of the book -LRB- always with tears welling in her eyes , as Patterson puts it -RRB- . Enter the tall , dark , handsome neighbor whom Jennifer was friends with as a child . As luck would have it , he too has a dark secret to tell . Not surprisingly , he and Jennifer fall for one another in a matter of a few days , as is typical in this sort of tawdry romance book . In the end , everything is tied together with a nice bow , with the possibility of a sequel , which Patterson will no doubt release if this one sells well.Seriously , complete a book of Mad Libs rather than reading this garbage . Sam 's Letters to Jennifer joins the ranks of Suzannes Diary for Nicholas , The Jester , and The Lake House as one of the worst books Patterson has ever written . With any luck , November 's new Alex Cross novel , London Bridges , will put Patterson back on track to the path of accomplished writing he is capable of .
 The only reason this book was enjoyable was because you could read it in one sitting . The chapters were short , unchallenging , and the storyline did n't require much thought.The story felt rushed , and I did n't feel like I got to know the characters very well . I thought there were too many different dramatic things happening at the same time which kept shifting the focus of the story . Throughout the book I was wondering why Jennifer was n't spending more time with Sam . I also wondered why we were n't told more about Brendan and Jennifer 's childhood together.I do n't read many James Patterson 's books and this one did n't inspire me to pick up another one anytime soon .
 This book was sappy and awful . Patterson fails at capturing the female voice and presents us with unrealistic , bordering on ridiculous dialogue . Who talks , or even thinks , like this ? Jennifer varies between sounding like a teenager with all the italics and exclamation points , and sounding like a Hallmark card . `` Thank you for sharing the letters with me '' ??? And what a stupid premise . Yay , let 's all cheer grandma 's fling with the town preacher . Woohoo ? Patterson needs to stick with suspense . Both this novel and `` Suzanne 's Diary For Nicholas '' show that he has no talent for writing romance . He obviously thinks that women think like sentimental morons .
 I could hardly believe that the master of mystery himself penned such a poorly written novel . The story line was so utterly predicable and awful that I am quite certain the only reason it sold any copies was due to the author 's name . This ladies and gentleman is clear cut example of why authors should stick to what they are good at and not go venturing into unfamiliar territory.The main character Jennifer is a workaholic widow who lost the love of her life in a freak surfing accident . She turns to her grandmother Sam to get her through that particularly tough time in her life and when Sam falls into a coma , Jennifer returns to the town where she spent her childhood summers . While staying in Sam 's house Jennifer comes across some letters that are addressed to her but were sealed and never sent . When I say come across I do n't mean she just stumbled upon them -- they just `` happened to be '' lying on the kitchen table and that begins a series of one too many coincidences for this reader to take . Jennifer `` happens '' to hook up with an old neighbor -LRB- Brendan -RRB- who just `` happens '' to be dying of some rare form of cancer . Of course , Brendan has experimental surgery and miraculously ends up fine . Over the course of the novel Jennifer reads the letters that her grandmother wrote to her and she learns that her grandmother had an affair -LRB- oh the horror !!! -RRB- . Sam tells her granddaughter of the romantic interludes she and her lover shared and all the while refuses to divulge her lover 's identity in her letters . Sam eventually comes out of her coma -LRB- shocker -RRB- and her lover 's identity is finally revealed in time . The revelation is nothing exciting though Patterson seems to think it is . The whole book was relatively predictable , use of the feminine voice was awful , and overall this book is not worth reading . Patterson should stick to mystery and intrigue . Leave the mushy stuff to Nicholas Sparks ...
 With all the publicity surrounding this book , I was hoping for a great summer romance -- ' a woman conquers her greatest fears and overcomes her tentative inclinations in order to love again ! ' It was a good one night read . It actually seemed like a rough draft of a great book -- fine , but not very satisfying . If you must , buy a used copy , or borrow one from the library .
 I was extremely disappointed . It was shallow and short , I could n't connect with any of the characters . I should have flushed the $ 20 down the toilet instead . I was anxiously awaiting this book , and it was not what I expected .
 We picked this as a book club discussion ... what a disappointment.I DID get it at the library -- so at least I did n't waste the $ 20 . If I did n't have to lead the group discussion , I would have stopped mid-way . There is nothing interesting . . nothing much to talk about ! It 's a very cool premise -- the letter idea , but it goes no where . -LRB- Maybe we should write books ourselves !! Just because J. Patterson is well known , this book hits the best sellers ' list !!?? -RRB- The characters are n't well developed and the `` plot '' is PREDICTABLE ... Do n't waste the few hours it takes to read this one ... Too many wonderful books out there . Instead , pick up a classic or Sue Monk Kidd 's `` Secret Life of Bees '' and REALLY enjoy your summer reading !!
 This book glorifies adultery . Between a married woman and her pastor , no less . She did n't love her husband ? Why not divorce him ? Why marry him in the first place ? Why cheat on him ? And , try to justify it to her granddaughter ?
 It is inconceivable that this book would have been printed without the reputable name of James Patterson as author . The plot is simple , the word choice adolescent and the characters are flat and similar ; Jennifer is the same as Sam and Brendan is the same as Daniel . I do n't take lightly to slamming another writer , yet it is difficult not to when coming across sentences such as these : `` I was soooo glad to see Brendan 's smiling face . '' '' ... less than three weeks later , something really terrible happened . '' '' ... my eyes were swollen and very , very red . `` To use some of Mr. Patterson 's own jargon , let me just say
 Not the best of Patterson . Almost as bad as a soap opera . Pretty unbeleiveable . Would n't want to be around this Jen character , everyone she is close to dies !!! The best was old granny in a coma , recovers , makes dinner for everyone , then dies ... could it have been the roast beef ??? Stick to Alex Cross !!!! ~
 It might make you cry a little , but mostly you 're angry that such a thing has been inflicted on you.And it stinks.Really , really bad .
 I collect books that feature Wisconsin or are written by a Wisconsin author.This book uses Lake Geneva , Wisconsin as the setting . Nearly every reference to the town and even the way Patterson categories it is wrong.If you do n't know the town make up a fictional one rather than try to capitalize on a town 's cachet . In the least have someone fact-check the work .
 I knew I should have put the book down and not wasted any more of my time when the author writes that Jennifer puts on her husband 's Michigan U jogging suit . There is no Michigan U ! There is The University of Michigan -LRB- U of M -RRB- or Michigan State University -LRB- MSU -RRB- . But I unfortunately kept reading only to subject myself to reading the preposterous scene of when Brendan and Jennifer performing CPR on one Of Jennifer 's cats and it lives . So , at that point I put the book down and have no intention of finishing it or purchasing another book by James Patterson .
 First of all Sam 's Letters are n't the main story of the book . The main story is Jeniffer 's love story and the letters has nothing to do with this book . If you compare `` Suzanne 's Diary for Nicholas '' with this book lets see what 'll happen :1 = Suzanne 's Diary for Nicholas2 = Sam 's Letters to JenniferLove story 1 Excellent 2 GoodReading the diary/letters 1 Excellent 2 Waste of timeThe story outside diary/letters 1 Excellent . 2 ExcellentEmotions -LRB- cry , laugh , hate , etc. -RRB- 1 Excellent 2 PoorBook 's end 1 Excellent 2 Poor
 Another book that is supposed to make you cry . But the only tears I shed were ones of boredom . The characters were bland , the plot schmaltzy and contrived and the writing just okay . I could n't finish it .
 I do n't understand why people adore Patterson . His lame dialogue is beyond tedious . This one could have been written by a teenager .
 I 'm quite a fan of Patterson 's books . To read this kind of poor plot crap was a waste of time ! The story was nice if putting in one or two sentenses , but to make a book it ought to have a better research and twists than this ! The worst of his books I 've read by far!This is a complete junk , lame story . Mind as well read a gossip column from National Enquirer !!!!!!!!!!!
 Do n't automatically discount the other bad reviews on this book . They are n't lying . I am a huge James Patterson fan , and Suzanne 's Diary for Nicholas was one of my all-time favorite books . However , this book was about as poorly written as a book could be.I 'm shocked to see so many good reviews . Did they even read it ? What are their educational levels if they did ? This book could easily be read by a third grader . Maybe even a second grader . The sentences were choppy and extremely cliched.The plot itself was interesting , but not exactly original . I had a hard time getting past the poor writing and the obviousness of it all . He even makes beginner writer errors at the beginning of the novel like having two characters with the same name ; one of which is character at the heart of the novel.The other reviewer who said this book was like a first effort from a young writer was correct . If you could even give JP that much credit with this one . I 'm beginning to wonder if he is n't overworking himself with too many different series or if he switched editors or something.I was extremely disappointed with this book . Do yourself a favor and borrow it from a friend or the library . At least wait until it comes out in paperback . This book is not worth hardback prices . Not even the reduced hardback prices at discount stores .
 I LOVED Suzannes 's Diary for Nichols & began to read this book with great enthusiasm -LRB- and high expectations -RRB- . I expected to be surprised , emotionally overwhelmed , and had a tissue box on hand . Instead , I was bored , annoyed , and `` underwhelmed '' emotionally . I never cried . I only finished reading because I always finish what I start . If you must choose between this and Suzanne 's Diary - read Suzanne !! If you must read both , start with this selection so that you can have something to look forward to - Sam 's Letters to Jennifer is a flop for me .
 This is a fast read , which continues to remind us that we should appreciate each day and those around us . Yes we should but I do n't understand why Mr. Patterson wants to venture out of the genre that he excels in ... mystery novels .
 After reading Suzanne 's Diary for nicholas , i could hardly wait to get my hands on this book . Well , it was n't worth the wait . It is a fast read , but not as compelling as Suzanne 's Diary for Nicholas . Do yourself a favor . Check it our from the library instead of buying .
 You really need to read this kind of trash books once in a while to be able to fully appreciate good books . I picked it up from Borders because they had it on a huge sale . I should have known why nobody would buy it at normal price.A grandma -LRB- soon to be great grandma -RRB- confessing about an unconvincing extra marital affair to her grand daughter while the grand daughter herself is finding a new love in her life , in a not-so convincing manner ! How sick can this get?It is almost like the author just followed a predictable plot line .
 I 'm not going to be too hard on this book , because I knew what I was getting into . I took the plunge based no my experience with Suzanne 's Letters to Nicholas . This book did not bring forth the same reaction from me . I cried and was moved for days based on the before mentioned book . This novel did n't bring me to that place.I appreciated the story but felt it predictable . To be fair , I read Suzanne 's at a different time in my life , and perhaps I was more emotional and less jaded toward predictable storylines.In any event , if you were going to select one book to read between Sam 's or Suzanne 's , I certainly suggest Suzanne 's .
 This is far from even being a `` fair read '' . I 'm an avid James Patterson fan , but Patterson is riding on the coattails of the tremendous success of `` Suzanne 's Diary '' . I found this book dull , predictable , and written as though a novice was putting out a first book . What a waste of money . Patterson is a writer worth following , but he lost me on this one !
 Do n't bother reading this unless you like reading literature written by a child . What a disappointment . James Patterson failed on this one . I think he hired a child to write it and then put his name on the cover . Big mistake James . Glad I did n't purchase this piece of crap !
 Another James Patterson novel . As I reached the end , l realized I have already read the book , several years ago . As Jennifer read her grandmother 's storytelling of her romance with a man whom she did marry but no one was told except Jennifer and her Brendan at the end of the story . Patterson tells a good with lots of scenic descriptions and makes the characters seem real
 It 's amazing that a book this bad could have been published . It consists of one maudlin cliche after another . The widowed Jennifer , who miscarried her dead husband 's child , has to deal with her beloved grandmother having a stroke . She meets someone who could be `` the one '' for her , but -- oops ! -- he has a brain tumor and is likely to die . The writing is amateurish , full of telling instead of showing . The only reason I finished it was because I was trapped on vacation in a cabin with nothing else to read .
 Although it is not a sequel to Patterson 's masterpiece Suzan 's Diary for Nicholas , it is obviously a hastily put together piece trying to cash in on the success of that novel . It fails miserably in its ability to keep you turning the pages , the main character Jennifer is just not that interesting and you really could n't care less if she makes it with old childhood friend Brendan who like all bad ` chick flick ' type books is dying of a disease , in this case a brain tumour . The other main part of the story revolves around Jennifer discovering who the secret mystery lover was of her grandma Sam , who is lying in a coma whose letters Jennifer is now reading . The book is boring and predictable is a severe understatement . It is just not worth spending even one cent on . If you have n't read Suzan 's Diary for Nicholas defiantly do so , but forget this rush job .
 This book was jam-packed with cliches and wooden characters and dialogue . At 236 very small pages with a bigger font than necessary , this novel was probably more like 150 real pages long . It also seemed to be written for , oh , I do n't know - a ten year old maybe . The writing seemed to be geared to a fourth grade level . All I can hope for now is that it does n't get made into a load-of-crap TV movie .
 Boring , sappy , stupid and predictable should have been the title for this review . It says it all . Shallow characters who have `` suffered hardships '' find that `` love conquers all . '' The whole story is one big cliche .
 What loving grandmother would reveal a life-time affair to her beloved granddaughter with the intent to help her through bad times ??????? Did grannie mean granddaughter should have an affair if perhaps when she married and it did n't turn out she could cheat ????????????? Not this grandmother .
 I have been a fan of James Patterson since Along Came a Spider ... However , I have to agree with the few reviews I read that he has gone downhill . This book was a little over 260 pages , big type , with his usual short chapters that makes for an impossible to put down book . Needless to say , I was able to finish the book in less than 2 hrs !!! He could have gone into so much more depth on everything , including the letters that were written by Sam , which were an integral part of the book . I was extremely disappointed by the lenth and lack of substance for this book . That being said , if you want a quick read and happen to borrow someone else 's copy or find it used , it 's worth it , I guess . But it does not even begin to compare to Suzanne 's Diary for Nicholas . Someone else mentioned not even bothering with Sam 's and just rereading Suzanne 's ... I may have to agree .
 did anyone notice the masculine pronoun `` he '' referring to Sam on the first few pages ??? then , when the call from the nursing home came , sam was no longer a `` he '' but a she ! i must 've re-read the first 5 pages at least 10x , wondering if i was seeing things !!! editting mistakes like that , right out of the gate , are totally bogus . i never bothered reading further !
 I really liked Suzanne 's Diary for Nicholas , so I thought I 'd check this out . I did n't think it was worth my time . The books seemed exactly alike - especially the tone of the character 's writing style -LRB- Suzanne vs. Sam -RRB- . It seemed clear that since Suzanne 's Diary did so well , the author decided to write a book exactly like it . It was an incredibly predictable love story .
 I found this `` novel '' to be one of the poorest I have read to date . The characters are not developed , the story line was weak and it lacked imagination . It seemed as if Mr. Patterson stopped by a bar one night and jotted it down on a napkin ! It should have been labeled as no more than a short story.I believe the last time I read a book with such a large font , two inch margin on all four sides and less than 200 words per page -- I was in the third grade !! New chapters were used as a way of extending the story/number of pages -- they were not used as a means to express a new idea or thought.Take my advice -- do not waste your time or money .
 I do n't know why I bother with James Patterson-all the melodrama and cliches . This book typifies his style . I correctly quessed the ending after reading just 20 pages of this book . It 's sappy and silly . I promise not to do this to myself again ...
 If I could return a book just because it is lame , I would have returned this one the minute I finished it . It was not worth the money I spent or the time I invested reading it . I loved `` Suzanne 's Diary '' and hoped this book would bring me as much as that one did ... but alas it did n't . It was sappy and stupid and there were just too many obvious shortfalls . For instance , Jennifer supposedly loved her grandmother -LRB- Sam -RRB- more than anything , but yet once Sam is hospitalized , Jen visits her only twice a day , and spends the rest of her time swimming , flirting and making love to the neighbor so it 's not believeable that Sam is anything other than an after thought ... As well , the ending was predictable from a mile away -LRB- and probably even further for fans of `` Suzanne 's Diary . '' -RRB- Of course , Sam 's coma does n't last , of course , no great harm comes to Jen 's new beau , of course , a baby ties it all up in a happy bow ... Gag ! I wish James Patterson would just send me my money back along with a promise not to write any more bad books trying to recapture the magic of `` Suzanne 's Diary for Nicholas ! ''
 when I first picked this book up , I noticed that it was very similar in title to Suzanne 's letters to Nicholas , but I thought ok - well , if this book was candy and I was a diabetic , I would be DEAD.Sam is Jennifer 's grandmother who is in a coma . Jennifer comes to Lake Geneva and stays in the Grandmother 's house , while she is visiting the hospital.Jennifer has had some terrible things happen in her life . Her love of her life died in Hawaii and she is unable to let go of the pain and the guilt that she feels because she was n't there for him when he passed.As Jennifer is staying in her Grandmother 's house , she reads letters that her Grandmother has written to her over the course of some years explaining HER life and how she was in a unhappy marriage with Jennifer 's grandfather and how she finally found love after so many years being miserable . Jennifer then meets her grandmother 's neighbor Brendan . They were childhood friends and have n't seen each other for a very long time . They spend wonderful days and night reliving all the things the did when they were growing up . Unbeknowst to Jennifer , Brendan who is a Doctor , has a unoperable brain tumor -LRB- this is where it gets sappy -RRB- but he is skeptical about a new treatment for this condition . He one day disappears and Jennifer finally finds him in New York , receiving a new proceedure for his brain tumor . During the time that they are in New York , Samantha wakes up and is looking for Jennifer.Jennifer flies home or back to the Grandmother and talks to her and wants to know more about her life.the end of this book definately gets WEAK and flat . The end is so sickening that I was very disappointed .
 This book was a complete waste of paper , ink and my time . Here 's the premise . Sam -LRB- short for Samantha -RRB- decides to write letters to her granddaughter Jennifer explaining her life and giving the young girl words of wisdom . The characters never seemed real and I had no connection with or compassion for any of them . Sam appeared to be a selfish woman who needed to rationalize her extra marital affair through her letters . Jennifer was a weak woman who had only been widowed a short while but was apparently able to move on with her life in an amazingly short time . Her purpose in going to and remaining at her Grandmother 's house supposedly was to be available to go the hospital and be by her Grandmothers side to help encourage her recovery . This apparently only required about 8 minutes of her time per day . The rest was spent reading her grandmother 's letters , and was n't it perfect timing Grandma was able to finish these letters approximately 11 seconds before falling into her coma , and in break neck speed developing an amazingly deep love affair with a man she 'd known in her youth but had n't seen since childhood . For someone who so deeply loved her first husband this new relationship just did n't ring true . Of course , none of the story was particularly plausible or even interesting for that matter.Save your time and money and run , do n't walk past this book and on to something far more worthwhile and enjoyable .
 This was a case of being seduced by the title and cover only to be horribly disappointed by the content . Even now I ca n't believe how bad this book was . Reading the prologue , I found myself wondering if he 'd just put no effort into writing that particular part at all - it was that bad . I had high hopes for this book-a bestselling author , fabulous title and it 's a love story . But the writing , not to mention the plot , is very very bad-rough , childlike , and has the stamp of an amateur all over it . The language is so simplistic and collooquial that it 's full of such gems of literary phrase as `` Now that I please myself , my priorities are better '' or `` I was so happy , and I remember every moment of that night in Lake Geneva '' and `` Because less than three weeks later , something really terrible happened '' . Slang is used instead of expression-words such as `` totally '' and `` really nice '' abound , and overall it 's just a horrible book . The dialogue between the lovers is trite and unbelievable , and so is the pacing and plot events of the book . I skimmed through the whole book to make sure that the prologue was n't a fluke-that the whole book continued in the same vein . It did-and just half-skimming/half-reading I was bored . The main character apparently has the mind of teenager , or at least that means of expression . Completely lacking in elegance , polish , talent , or believability , this is similar in style and content to Nicholas Spark 's books , but unlike his books displays no maturity whatsoever-Nicholas Spark at least has some writing ability . It 's a shame , because about the only thing the book has going for it is that the overall plot and characters do have a lot of potential-it 's just completely unrealized .
 I am a fan of Mr Patterson 's books , but this one was very disapointing . It was like he sat down and wrote up a list of `` what will make women cry '' and then put every single thing in the book . It is overdone to the point of you can not connect to the characters because the tragedy 's that happen to them are too much and in a manner that is not realistic to everyday life . Mr Patterson needed to think instead of what will make a woman cry but what will make a good story not a formulated story . This book tried to force the reader to be emotional and instead makes you feel annoyed at the characters and the story .
 This author needs to stick to his normal genre . This was a good idea for a story line , but I felt like a 14 year old wrote it ! I have read most of his other books and have enjoyed them , but I had to force myself to finish this one .
 This is not good ! I resent authors who formulate a story based on another writer 's success . Just for the record -- we all can spot the Nicholas Sparks , Danielle Steele and Mary Higgins Clark 's of the world ... They do not respect their readers only their pocketbooks . -LRB- Same story over and over , new characters . -RRB- Mr. Patterson , you are too good for this . I am mad . I bought this book a while back and forgot I had read it , so I did it again . By the time I realized I had already read it I was well into it , I figured , well , I have already read it , but it 's a Patterson , so it will be a good read . Well I am throwing it out so I do n't do this again !! Do n't write from a woman 's perspective . You do n't HAVE a woman 's perspective , i.e. `` voice '' ! I love the Women 's Murder series and it translated beautifully to tv . We miss it a lot . I 've pre-ordered # 8 . You rock at what you do . Stay with it !
 This -LRB- i am soory to say -RRB- was definently NOT the best book I have read . There is almost zero percent of a wait before the romance starts . There is so much of it that it is overwhelming . I had to force myself to finish it . Sorry Ms. Hendrickson . Better Luck next time !
 Regardless of Ms. Hendrickson 's background in Regency research , this book is poorly written . The character developments are extremely weak and almost non-existent . I am a great fan of Regency romances and usually devour them in one sitting , however I 've had Ms. Hendrickson 's book for more than a week and have n't gotten past chapter six , it just is n't interesting . The plot is simply uninteresting and the character conversations are boring and so convoluted they are impossible to follow.I read Regency romance as a light-hearted escape into another time and place . I like Regency 's specifically , because the heroine 's have pluck and know their own minds . They always end up involved in intriguing situations with wonderfully dashing men who always arrive in the nick of time . Reading a Regency is like having a wonderful dessert after a hard day at work.However reading this book is like eating baker 's chocolate , very unappetizing . I have to admit I 've never read a Regency by Ms. Hendrickson before , and probably never will read her again . I wish her lots of luck on her next romance . Maybe she 'll actually have time to take the reader into consideration and write a reasonably interesting book , instead of cranking one out for the money .
 I have never been BLOWN away by Hendrickson 's novels but usually found them sweet if nothing else . This novel was so excruciating I had to force myself to finish it . While her facts on the Regency are right , her portrayal of manners was completely and totally off . I could only assume that everyone at the house party featured in the book was mildly retarded because sane members on the Ton in the Regency would never have behaved or spoken as they did in this book . Furthermore , the characters had little to no depth and even less consistency in their motivations and emotions . The dialog was stilted and the events most contrived . For such a well-publicized Regency author , very poor show ! Frankly , and I 'm sorry to sound so dramatic , I 'm simply stunned that her editor/publishing house allowed this to pass .
 Having read this book , I 've now read the reviews here for the first time , and I have to say that I agree with the majority of them . This is an incredibly boring book , riddled with errors and inaccuracies , and which shows no concern at all for the manners of the period . I 'm well aware that Hendrickson is considered an expert on the Regency period , and another book of hers I 've read is considerably better than this . All I can suggest is that she clearly had an off-day when she wrote this book - or her publisher has put her name on something written by someone else!The romance , first . Lady Jocelyn meets Peter , Lord Leigh again five years after rejecting his proposal on the apparent grounds that , as a mere baronet at the time , he was n't good enough for the daughter of a marquess . Now he 's a baron and wealthy . Instead of shunning her , though , he is openly affectionate and attentive towards her . Leigh was so particular in his attentions that I actually wondered if he was attempting to get revenge by compromising Jocelyn . Apparently not . Apparently Hendrickson thinks that it was perfectly acceptable behaviour for a gentleman to
 Well , I read all the reviews here , and then I went and bought the book . Lesson Number One of buying a Regency
 The most terrifying thing about this book is Ms. Hendrickson 's boast in her biography that she is the author of a reference book about the regency . I presume that it is a very short book . Of course , it could have been worse . She might have written a reference book about English usage and grammar , or about how to write a novel , or about how real people think , speak and behave . These are all subjects about which she knows even less than she does about the regency . For starters , if the hero was his grandmother 's heir , then he was not penniless , he was a young man with expectations , which is a different thing altogether . Of course , he might have been her heir , but she could under no circumstances have been a baroness in her own right . Women never were . Then there is the matter of human motivation and action . The hero has n't seen the heroine for five years , yet he is certain that she is still in love with him . Why would a man think so ? Would he not have at least some doubt , or some resentment ? As to English usage , we are given implicated where implicit is meant , opportune for importune , partake for participate , and diffidence for I do n't know what . If you were so misguided as to buy this book , turn to page 95 and try to guess what Ms. Hendrickson was trying to say . I could not .
 I purchased this `` book '' as a gift , as a result of rave comments from an Australian friend . When the book arrived today , it was paperback all right , and where the illustrations were supposed to be , there were no illustrations ; just the word `` illustration '' wherever there was meant to be one . Now what kind of a book is that to give to a child ? Is this American child supposed to conjure up Australian images in his/her head ??? I 'm disappointed that this was not clearly pointed out in the Amazon description - however I will try to order it again and make sure that whatever comes , has pictures . Amazon book people - listen up ! You need to be clearer in your descriptions of what your customers are going to receive . I 'm really disappointed that I have to pay to return it , and then re-order something that I HOPE will have the illustrations by the author . That was my intent in ordering the book . I guess it 's also a lesson to me to make sure I 'm ordering exactly what I think I 'm getting -LRB- does that make any sense ? -RRB-
 I agree with everyone who wrote earlier that this is a charming book , except that there is quite a lot of people beating each other up . Unfortunately , the book takes a sudden turn for the worse , right in the last pages , where the Judge says , `` So I 'll tell you what I 'll do / You unmitigated Jew , / As a trifling satisfaction , / Why , I 'll beat you black and blue '' -LRB- !! -RRB- It 's just one word . What a shame to ruin a children 's classic like that . But if I were reading the book to a Jewish child , I would n't like to have to explain to her what the author meant by that . We do have to talk to children about bigotry , but not right at the tail-end of an otherwise funny book . If I were reading it to a non-Jewish child , I would try to explain why the word was in there , used in such a nasty way ; explain how things have changed , and why we do n't say that anymore . And then hope against hope that the child did n't decide to add it to their own collection of childish insults.Yes , most of this book is funny in its century-old way , but be warned .
 This is supposed to be an illustrated book . I bought this to replace a copy that got `` borrowed '' but all of the wonderful drawings are missing . The story is good but without the illustrations I would n't buy it .
 AS delightful as this story is , it is far more delightful when illustrated . The no-charge price ? You get what you pay for .
 Unlike the previous reviewer -LRB- msem -RRB- , I am unimpressed with this book . Unlike many of the older women writing their lives in some sense , Flanner has neither the wisdom nor the sense of humor at her own foibles that make such writing interesting to me.The second piece , Jacinto , is a humorous escapade of Flanner and a billy goat . There is some delightful self-deprecation
 Webster 's Large Print Crossword Puzzle DictionaryI recently purchased this dictionary because it is advertised as a `` Large Print Crossword Puzzle Dictionary . '' Do n't let the title fool you ! I have tried to use it a number of times since purchasing it , but I have found very few words used in every day crossword puzzles from local and cities all over the United States . Time after time I have looked for reference words but they are just not there ! However , I have found a much better use for this reference material ! Since I live in a cabin , and have a large fireplace , and light the fire quite frequently , I have found that if you tear out two of the pages and twist them very tightly and light them to ignite the starter twigs , it will save me from having to purchase `` fire lighter '' wood or what is known as `` pine lighter knot . '' I will keep tabs on the cost of this reference material being that is `` being peddled as a dictionary , '' and compare the costs of `` lighter materials '' for my fireplace . If this `` worthless piece of _ _ _ _ '' they are selling as a crossword puzzle dictionary is cheaper for me to burn to light my fireplace , I might even purchase several more of them for Winters to come!PS
 The print is great but can not find more than half of the answers for my puzzles ... Tried over and over and the book is one big failure ...
 The information in this book did not help me at all . The condition of the book was good but was n't what I needed .
 The equations are incomplete and it becomes very hard to read . Have tried on multiple devices . mathematical formatting is not complete . Very disappointing . Particularly the bras and kets .
 I read the first two books by the same author `` The Invitation '' and `` The Dance '' and very much enjoyed them . I had been looking forward to the this book but when I read it I must say I was completely disappointed !!! The first two books had encouraged one to look within oneself for answers but this I found deeply religious as it encouraged worship of a god which does not resonate with me at all .
 I 've read quite a lot of esoteric , spiritual literature and have usually managed to glean something useful from most of it . This is the exception and seems to be a case of some pseudo-guru making easy money out of a ` spiritual ' nom-de-plume . There is no real insight into what exactly ` the Call ' might be , just a lot of mystical mumbo-jumbo of the vaguest kind.For example : `` What comes and goes is our ability to hear it -LSB- the ` Call ' -RSB- , our willingness to let go of what we think we are so we can open ourselves to hearing that which calls us back to what we always have been . When we open to this constant call , we remember why we are here and allow this knowledge to create a new and fluid story colored with that knowledge and never mistaken for all of who we are '' . Got that ? Is n't that a gem ? And there 's a lot more where that came from . In fact the whole book is a stunning example of how to say absolutely nothing of use , repeatedly , in as many words as humanly possible.Don ' t waste your money . If I could get mine back , I would . I begrudge every penny I spent on this vague and boring tosh .
 Author is utterly self-involved and the book is not helpful by any means . If you want to spend your time in someone else 's dreamland , go ahead . But if you 're looking to gain some self-understanding , or any insight at all , look elsewhere!I consider this book to be false advertising .
 Even though I have had approx . 6 months of tap dancing class so I know many of the basic steps , I found this book and CD difficult to use . I believe the author is not very successful at describing how to tap dance using words . I think that beginners would really struggle to understand what they are supposed to be doing .
 The original edition of this book was published by James Thrall Soby in 1934 and costs several thousand dollars today . It is described in 2001 's `` The Book of 101 Books
 The book was in excellent condition , except for several pages missing on the chapter of how she made the etching of the rabbit . Disappointing , to say the least , as that was the part of the book I wanted to see .
 Skip this one , you 'll fall asleep . Most of the stories are borring , even though there are a couple of exceptions .
 This was Lawrence 's first published novel in the UK , and represents the writer 's early experiment in the quest for an established style.Far too much descriptive detail , and too little narrative , to be considered an enjoyable read . It is however interesting to note the early appearance of themes that were to dominate later Lawrence works . In particular , the nature-civilisation dichotomy , which became a Lawrence trademark , is apparent here in the relationship between the cultured , educated narrator and his best friend , the raw-boned but affable farmer , George.Readers wishing to introduce themselves to Lawrence would be better advised to start with the book published two years later , and that marked the beginning of his literary reputation
 I had high , high hopes for this book . Unfortunately , I wound up not liking it at all . I give it two stars for talking about a difficult subject , but the stars are for the attempt , not for the execution.The premise of this book - that boys get emotionally shut down during childhood , until many adult males just do n't have the basic emotional tools you need to cope as a human being - seems like a very worthwhile public conversation to have . But unfortunately , I felt like this book was really light on exactly how you could protect the emotional lives of boys , but very heavy on vague , often contradictory statements -LRB- often kind of mom-blamey -RRB- about how you should n't let boys think they are the best , but you should also not criticize boys , because men are more sensitive than women . That kind of thing.While thinking about why I disliked this so much , it occurred to me that maybe I am just not the target audience for this book . If responding to your child 's `` Why is that boy crying ? '' query with `` Maybe he 's sad . Sometimes all of us feel sad , but I bet his mom and dad are going to help him feel better soon . '' is an idea so radical that it literally blows your mind , maybe you will find the stuff in here useful . If you are coming from a place where you tell your sobbing toddler to toughen up because boys do n't cry , maybe this book will help you be a better parent.If you already know that boys are just plain old human beings who have feelings just like girls do , skip it .
 I feel like the message of the book is good and useful ... but this could have been an essay instead of a 250 page book . Boys are n't encouraged to explore their emotions , which leads to feelings being bottled up and ignored . This can lead to emotional problems in some boys . I did n't find their case studies to be very compelling or their conclusions to be particularly helpful or actionable .
 In this day and age , I would recommend reading any book that helped parents and educators in the way they taught boys . But I have to say that this book felt like a rehash of the old philosophy that if we just made boys more in-touch with their emotions , then they would grow up healthier -LRB- which is better argued in Pollack 's book Real Boys -RRB- . The book seems to say that a boy 's biology plays little to no effect on their life , which is just a bizarre argument . Any parent who has boys and girls knows that boys and girls have different biological elements . It 's easy to see , and instead of saying that biological differences that result in behavioral differences is a misogynistic argument , I think we need to see that it is both a matter of emotional and biological components that are going to help us help our boys -LRB- which is very well covered in The Wonder of Boys and A Fine Young Man by Gurian -RRB- . I recommend we all read all of these books so that we can get as educated as possible , but this one just was n't that compelling compared to the work of Gurian and Pollack .
 According to the dust jacket , if you love a boy , were a boy , or care about boys and the men they become , read this book . '' Well gosh , what a coincidence , that includes me ! The premise of this book , that we should pay more attention to the emotional lives of boys , is n't exactly a trailblazer , considering the degree to which we 've re-evaluated sex roles in recent decades . I ca n't help thinking that the book was devised to fill an available market niche left open by `` Reviving Ophelia . '' The `` product '' is a rambling series of pop psych anecdotes -LRB- I sometimes ask , is there any other kind of psych ? -RRB- and patronizing sermons from the all too male authors . God forbid that my boys should grown up to be as shallow and as self-satisfied as they .
 Raising Cain is a tired rehash of child-rearing advice you 've heard a million times . It 's too bad that parents who are willing to spend moneyand , say , six hours of reading time to learn more about their sons will be so poorly rewarded . My advice
 The Book did not come !!! I order it a long time ago and you took my money but you did not bring the book !
 I gave this book TWO stars instead of ONE because of the included anecdotes about patients of the authors.Save your money , and read this review instead of buying the book : Boys have feelings , not just girls.Boys are just as sensitive as girls.Listen to your son and he 'll be emotionally healthy.Boys are special because they have lots of energy.Nope ... nothing about your son being gay , if that 's what you 're looking for.I just listed those four things off the top of my head without even thinking about the book . As I read over what I wrote , I see that my blind guesses were right
 This book contains a lot of psycho babble . It seems to be written mostly for professional family counselors and psychologists and such . For them it might be useful , but if you 're a `` normal '' parent -LRB- meaning not working in such a field -RRB- then there are better parenting books out there that are much less opaque .
 Largely anecdotal , this book does little to enlighten regarding the problems little boys really face and , more importantly , how to solve them . I am even more troubled by the `` namby pamby '' approach -- they are little boys , not little girls , after all .
 THis is classic 70 ' and 80 's pshychobabble written for men who wish they were women or in the least think that if they say what women want them to think they will be loved by them . Reeking of PC misinformation - Really people - quit reading this junk and just go out and spend time with your son -LRB- or daughter -RRB- !! I cant tell you how many women spend hours and hours reading these books trying to ` understand ' the men and boys in their lives - you know what - you would learn a lot more by just getting involved in what they are doing -
 This book is not quite what I expected . I was somewhat disappointed in the content .
 The book may be good for people whom have little understanding of children in general . Of course boys have emotions and ofcourse they are trained not to express those . It 's up to the parents to ensure that boys learn to express their emotions . I wish the book had had practical examples of how to do it , instead of stories of angry , sad boys .
 My wife and I started reading several books on boys as we have 4 boys . This book had high rating so we bought it . I forced my way through just over 1/2 of the book and could n't take any more.My issues are two fold .1 -RRB- Almost ALL of the ideas presented are based on circumstantial evidence . Psychological research shows clearly that therapists subjective experiences are poorly suited for scientific conclusions . They cite all kinds of resources in the back of the book but never really show the statistics or how it supports their conclusions . They hope you will assume that their stories all conform to the sources they threw in the back.For example , they compare the `` respect '' of the John Wayne character with gang `` respect '' as one of their examples of male machismo and how it is bad . It is simply a circumstantial example and a poor one at that . Can you really say that John Wayne and a ruthless gang member have the same definition of `` respect '' ? Even if you do n't like John Wayne 's style , the two are nothing alike!If they had stuck to statistics and research it would greatly help their writing . -LRB- That 's even with psychological research being some of the least respected research in academia for it 's serious lack of objectivity . -RRB- 2 -RRB- While they have some good ideas , there is no real order or progression to the book . They have compiled chapters of ideas that bounce around with no real end in mind . The chapters are the same . For example , the chapter on harsh discipline tells some sad stories but they NEVER explain how a person would know when they had crossed from firm to harsh . They never really outline exactly how harsh discipline is harmful . Worst of all , they do n't explain what good discipline looks like . I can understand that harsh discipline is a bad idea , but I need more than just a couple of sad stories to tell me what I already knew !! Give me steps , ways to act , additional educational resources -- ANYTHING but a bunch of stories telling how you were a great therapist and then that 's the end of the book.I needed more than this book could provide.My favorite book on boys so far is `` Boys Adrift . '' It has given me some concrete ideas supported by loads of research . In addition , there are practical suggestions as to how I can help my boys become `` men '' in good and healthy ways .
 This book is more for those who believe in a liberal approach to raising their children . While I believed that this book was focusing on treating your child with respect and love ... teaching your child in turn to respect and love ... it was apparent from reading it that the focus was more on allowing your child to be free from criticism and discipline . I would not suggest this book for anyone who believes in more traditional approaches to raising their children . Also , I do have concern regarding the fact that the authors are the parents of daughters and have written this book by mere observation through a clinical setting .
 The authors of this book create a sweet cheerleader-like portrait of boys that attributes their only challenges to a lack of emotional range . It 's really a one-note book and many of the vignettes in it seem superficial and do n't ring true . I did n't like this book nearly as much as REAL BOYS by William Pollack . Pollack 's book really shows us what it 's like to be a boy in America today and gives lots of helpful hints to parents about what to do . I got numbed out reading Raising Cain and had to push myself to finish reading it .
 I am giving this book three stars as a beginner 's book , and only one star as being representative of what it 's really about . So the average is two stars.This is NOT a book on playing Hawaiian ukulele music , which is what I thought it would be . It 's a beginner 's book on playing ukulele in general , the only thing Hawaiian about it is the cover and a few pictures of a Hawaiian woman holding a ukulele . I do n't consider including Aloha Oe as one of the selections as making this a book on Hawaiian ukulele.As a beginner 's book , it 's not bad , but there are better ones out there today that include DVDs , as well as a lot of free online instruction that covers these same basics . I am an intermediate player and I 'm disappointed that there was n't enough information about this book in the description because that would help in clarifying that this is a beginner 's book that covers just regular folk songs and basic strums . I thought there would be sections on Hawaiian music -LRB- other than just Aloha Oe -RRB- and on things like Hawaiian turnarounds , etc. I would only buy this if you are brand new to ukulele and have not played an instrument before . And even then , as I said there are better choices out there . It 's also hard to use any book to learn an instrument when you 're at a rank beginner 's level without having some sort of interactive instruction with a real person who can evaluate your technique and give you feedback .
 I tried to like this book but I just could n't get past the number of accounts Bondi gave to her horrid upbringing . I realize this was n't her intent but just when I thought she 'd celebrate her success in working through her own theological beliefs - Boom ! Back she went to retell the sources for her misguided theology from youth.It is truly remarkable that she had the will to seek answers ; I was just hoping she 'd give more attention to the life she now leads .
 I found this book boring and disappointingly wretched . Some of the good insights the author shared were overwhelmed by a drawn out book of what seemed like incurable self-pity . This mood unfortunately permeates the book , preventing the reader from seeing someone who is learning about herself and God through the hard knocks of life . As the book progresses , `` inner reflection '' turns into a continued wallowing in the quagmire of the past , leaving the reader annoyed rather than sympathetic . Furthermore , this is one of those books that needed an editor to prune it before it went to the publishers . The book is 205 pages long , but Bondi could have said everything she needed to say in 1/3 of that length . Her repetition is annoying . This book has potential that a good editor could make use of , but as it is , it is n't worth reading .
 Fractint concept group is based on : `` The fable of the stone soup is about co-operation amid scarcity.According to the story , some travellers come to a village , carrying nothing more than an empty pot . The travellers fill the pot with water and a large stone , and place it over a fire in the village square . Asked what they 're doing , they reply that they are making `` stone soup '' , and request a bit of garnish to improve the flavor . Additional villagers come by , each adding more ingredients . Finally , a delicious and nourishing pot of soup is enjoyed by all . `` The real problem here is that making it easy and fast and popularmay have seemed like a good idea , but it has actually in the long rundriven people away from fractals?It has acted to give credit and reputation to people who are less thanwhat one might call the fractal faithful or those wholove the mathematics and the meaning of it.This one person who uses Fractint and a later programmuch like it , who is really mathematically ignorant , but who claims to be a `` fractal artist '' on the basis of the pictures.So the pot of stone soup sold by this book has in the endstolen from the real fractal science and given tothose with no love or respect for the mathematics or science?And the book with a cover price of $ 34.95 is , now , going used for less than 10 cents.To be honest Fractint is a good programand has gotten better with a 20th version , and the book is pretty well written .
 Having made the change to Veganism recently , and discovering Seitan , I was expecting this cookbook to open the door to non-meat Paradise ! The description of the book , and the reviews of others made it sound like the Holy Grail.Bah.I 'd say 40-50 % of the recipes using the prepared Seitan call for the `` wheat-meat '' to be battered and deep fried . So WHERE is the healthy cooking in THAT ? I was looking for recipes for the actual Seitan preparation , using different seasonings and flavors , and then hoping to find a fake meatloaf recipe , or a fake turkey and stuffing for Thanksgiving.I 'm still looking .
 This is a set book for the University course I 'm following . To be honest , I 've not read it all . I 've read the introductory chapter and picked at the rest of the book.I 'm disappointed that other reviewers suggest that this book is well written and academic . It 's a rambling incoherent mess of ideas that proposes large-scale state censorship / ` perception control ' and as such has no place in universities which should protect the ideals of academic freedom and free speech . The net is not considered as a political forum , rather there is a heavy authoritarianism.I 'm very disappointed with it .
 IF YOU ARE CONSIDERING BUYING THIS BOOK , SAVE YOURSELF SOME TIME AND WALK INTO ONCOMING TRAFFIC NOW ! I was forced to read this book for my english class . It was terrible ! Sure the plot line , and even some of the characterization was fine , but MY GOD THE DESCRIPTION goes on and on and on and on . Theres almost 4 pages dedicated to describing a building ! If I was given the choice between reading this book , or hitting myself in the head with it for the rest of my life , I would go with the hitting on the head one ... becuase i 'm sure its even less brain-numbing than Hardy 's writing .
 Luckily I have the physical book too so was able to read the missing bit . Suggest you try another kindle version .
 Even though it is free , and I appreciate that , there was about a chapter missing . I would suggest this either be fixed , or the book removed from sale .
 I read this book for my English exam and after reading it , I can not understand how it can be described as a classic novel . The only possible reason that I can come up with is that people in 19th century England , did not have things like T.V. and so were absolutely desperate for anything to entertain themselves . This is possibly the most boring book that I have ever read . Nothing happens ! I feel that a lot of people call this book a classic simply because some literary expert happened to like it once , and so these people , in a vain attempt to appear more intelligent than they are , simply churn out someone else 's opinion , without actually thinking of their own response to the novel . I do n't know how many copies of this book have been printed , but it is bound to be a large number , and all I can say is that it is a huge waste of paper which could have been put to better use elsewhere . I wish that I had not wasted some of my life reading this book .
 I have recently read this book -LRB- not out of choice -RRB- and I am at a loss to understand why Hardy wrote this and why anyone would willingly read this for `` fun '' . I agree wholeheartedly with the author of `` Classically Boring '' as this book is complete excrement . People are always going on about how we should stop cutting down the rainforest etc. and if this is what all those trees are turned into , then I 'm with them 100 % .
 This book was originally written to be printed in newspapers , newspapers were then used to wipe one 's posterior . I feel i have already said enough .
 Modern novels can be so pretentious , with their needless philosophizing and conscious experimentation with the language . So is n't nice to read a classic novel with straight-forward writing that aims for no insight into society or people ? Actually no , it 's kind of depressing . The Mayor of Casterbridge relies on coincidence , melodrama , and , as the afterword in my edition puts it , `` the constant exploitation of chance happenings to determine situation and hence the fate of his characters . '' I chose this Hardy novel because it was supposed to be character-centered . The story starts with Michael Henchard selling his wife and child at a fair . I thought this book would examine his redemption , it would be a Lord Jim type tale of profound psychological insight . A strange event like that is a good way to get a book started , but the crazy , unlikely events just keep a-coming . You feel nothing for the characters , ever . You learn nothing in the end , except life is cruel and if something can go wrong , it will . Read something else .
 `` The Story of a Man of Character '' as described by Thomas Hardy is somewhat flaccidly applied to this novel . In fact , a better description of this novel comes from a colleague of mine , Professor Neale Scott of the Baltimore University , who remarked `` I realise now I had mistaken the dullness of Henchard 's character for the dullness of the whole novel . '' . Ultimately , Prof. Scott is quite accurate in his assessment of the text . The characters bumble around , waiting for circumstance to attach itself to their groins , and do very little of plausible importance at all . Henchard himself is , without doubt , one of the most irritating characters to be placed in ` classic ' fiction , and one ca n't help but wish that the death of our tragic hero had happened an awful lot sooner , such as before the novel started . The character of Elizabeth-Jane , wonderfully parodied by Helli Kitchin , of the Moscow State University , is so blase towards her constantly changing parenthood that it completely ruins any sense of empathy that the audience may have for her . The least convincing Scotsman ever can also be found in this text , in the form of Donald Farfrae , and I am inclined to agree with Dr Daniel Greenfeld , whose thesis , `` Hardy makes the heart grow colder '' , points out that the author would not know a Scotsman if one jumped up and bit him , a way that most of us admittedly meet them . To sum up - I discourage my students from reading this shambolic text . Avoid this novel like the plague - it is so soggy , you could n't even burn it to stay warm . Attempt , perhaps , to read something a little more plausible with something other that a praetorian wanderer and an intransigent hay-trusser to tantalise the imagination , something that the author was obviously lacking - Wessex indeed .
 `` The Mayor of Casterbridge '' ought to be the model of what a classic is not . Books deemed as a `` classic '' are said to be everlasting and universal in its message . This book does not spread its wings into our era , and it does not apply to everyone in some way , unless you 've experienced paternity uncertainty and emotional neglect . The characters are rigid , changing without reason , and lacking practical emotions . Michael Henchard is repulsive from the start , from when he sells his wife and child , to his emotional withdrawal towards the young woman who turned out to be his non-biological daughter , to hiding the truth of who her father actually was to Elizabeth-Jane , so one can not pity his outcome . Elizabeth-Jane , the non-biological daughter of Henchard , was completely void of personality . `` Blas&eacute; '' has more personality than Elizabeth-Jane . After a tennis match type life , of being flung back and forth between fathers , to marrying Donald Farfrae who one day courted her , married another woman -LRB- who just happened to be the landlord of the house Elizabeth-Jane was living at , at the time -RRB- , and then realized his affection for her , Elizabeth-Jane would 've been a prime candidate for therapy -LRB- how could she give her heart to men who kept being introduced as her father ? -RRB- , but instead acted as if she was a spokesperson normalcy . Finally , Donald Farfrae , a Scotsman , who was the poster boy for blandness , never really showed growth . He was always monotone , and I could not tell if he found Elizabeth-Jane 's biological father to scorn Henchard , or truly help Elizabeth-Jane find the truth . I felt naught for the characters but purposelessness , and the story itself was uncreative and improbable . I do no recommend .
 I recently had to read this book as part of my English GCSE and I can honestly say that much paper has been wasted and our trees are being destroyed to churn out a book , which is quite frankly absolutly awfull . I also am very glad that I was not around to ever meet Thomas Hardy as from this book it sounds to me that he may well of been a manic depresent , also in most , if not all , of his other books they all end in a very sad a depressing way . Hardy describes Henchard as ` dogged ' and i feel if you want to read this you too will have to be dogged and determind to start and finish this book .
 The Mayor of Casterbridge was a very interesting novel . In my opinion Hardy uses too much irony , and this kills the fun of the whole topic . It is true that every day is filled with irony , but it should n't be in somthing someone is reading . the novel also should n't be too predictable , I guess that 's why Hardy likes irony . If you are a reader who likes suspense and tragedy then this book is for you .
 The book itself is excellent . Thomas Hardy was a master writer , and look no further than the fact that he makes a story about a person that buys and sells corn interesting . But , the kindle edition is , like the title of the review says , missing a chunk of the text . There might be other parts omitted , but that 's the only one I 've caught.Perhaps this is evidence that you get what you pay for .
 `` The Story of a Man of Character '' as described by Thomas Hardy is somewhat flaccidly applied to this novel . In fact , a better description of this novel comes from a colleague of mine , Professor Neale Scott of the Baltimore University , who remarked `` I realise now I had mistaken the dullness of Henchard 's character for the dullness of the whole novel . '' . Ultimately , Prof. Scott is quite accurate in his assessment of the text . The characters bumble around , waiting for circumstance to attach itself to their groins , and do very little of plausible importance at all . Henchard himself is , without doubt , one of the most irritating characters to be placed in ` classic ' fiction , and one ca n't help but wish that the death of our tragic hero had happened an awful lot sooner , such as before the novel started . The character of Elizabeth-Jane , wonderfully parodied by Helli Kitchin , of the Moscow State University , is so blase towards her constantly changing parenthood that it completely ruins any sense of empathy that the audience may have for her . The least convincing Scotsman ever can also be found in this text , in the form of Donald Farfrae , and I am inclined to agree with Dr Daniel Greenfeld , whose thesis , `` Hardy makes the heart grow colder '' , points out that the author would not know a Scotsman if one jumped up and bit him , a way that most of us admittedly meet them . To sum up - I discourage my students from reading this shambolic text . Avoid this novel like the plague - it is so soggy , you could n't even burn it to stay warm . Attempt , perhaps , to read something a little more plausible with something other that a praetorian wanderer and an intransigent hay-trusser to tantalise the imagination , something that the author was obviously lacking - Wessex indeed .
 This book is similar to a Dickens novel in that it seeks not to reach perfection , but to please its audience at the time . Like Dickens , it is very dry and filled with hard to believe coincidences that make the story hard to swallow . Still , Hardy paints a very lively , realistic and flowing impression of the English countryside in the early days , before the industrial revolution . I would recommend this only if you are obsessed with Hardy , if you have run out of books to read -LRB- try Fifth Business by Robertson Davies -RRB- or if you are forced to read this as a part of some course .
 The book is essentially a daytime soap opera . Except , none of the characters are likeable.My suggestion
 I began reading this novel since it has such a great reputation as being a `` classic . '' However , after reading well over a hundred pages , the book failed to keep my attention in the least bit . The plot is weak and pathetic , and the characters are too one-dimensional . Although it may pick up later , it certainly is not worth it .
 I read this book for a class , and I am sorry to say that it was a disappointment . It is a silly tale , and totally unrealistic . I can not believe that something like this could be considered a `` classic '' . Mike sure made some dumb choices , and it is unrealistic ! No one could make that many blunders . It was bogged down by unnecessary details , etc. . All-in-all , a 100 % waste . Do n't buy this book . You 've been warned .
 Ms. Henley is one of my top 10 authors , but that was n't enough to make me like this book . I do n't think the publisher did her any favors by reprinting this story from the early eighties.Enticed is well written , I 'll give Henley that much . But then again , she has n't written a book yet that fails to intrigue me . The problem I had with this novel had nothing to do with it lacking in interest , it 's just that I found myself disliking both the hero and the heroine immensely . What good is a romance if you ca n't stand the people its written about?The hero Patrick has many chances to make Kitty his wife , but does n't realize his feelings until she 's married to someone else . After that husband dies , he could marry her again , but sets sail for America instead . The heroine , idiot that she was through this entire ulcer-inducing epic , trots off to America to find him , only to be thought a mulatto and sold into slavery < sigh > . Kitty is rescued by Charles , the man who is to become her next husband . The sad part for the reader is that you actually WANT the heroine to stay with Charles and to forget about Patrick . Charles is good looking , treats Kitty like a queen , etc. . But no , Henley is intent upon returning Kitty to Patrick , the sorriest excuse for a hero Ms. Virginia 's ever written.To make a short story perhaps too long , this is the only book I 've read by Henley that I 've truly disliked . If you like romances with infidelities and selfish heroes and heroines , you 'll like this one too . If not , skip it . Try A Year and a Day or Enslaved instead .
 I have loved every Virginia Henley book I have ever read , except this one . I went from appauled to angered to very flustrated . First of all I think it is dangerouse and unrealistic to have , what can only be called RAPE , turn into love between the two main charaters . Especially sence the rape took place when Kitty was just a child and Patrick was a grown man . It really turned my stomach . I have to agree completely with one of the other reviewers who said , it is really hard to like either one of these charaters . If you are thinking of starting to read some of Virginia Henley 's work please do not start with this one . All of her other books that I have read have been wonderful .
 I usually love Virginia Henley 's books -LRB- esp . `` Enslaved '' -RRB- , but this book left me VERY disappointed . And though I never condemn lack of plot or so-forth for romance novels - after all this IS escapism - this story was terrible . There is not really anything to like about the hero , except that he 's supposed to be handsome . There is never any REAL interaction between the heroine and the hero - nothing to give you a clue as to why she would fall for him in the first place -LRB- except that he 's handsome -RRB- . And for me his looks just were n't enough to build a relationship on . The poor girl goes through ordeal after ordeal throughout the entire book . The only person that truly saved her was Charles , and you really kind of start to root for poor dear old Charles . The ending was contrived . Ms. Henley needed to get Charles out of the way for Patrick and has him -LRB- Charles -RRB- kill himself . You know that Kitty has developed feelings for Charles , and yet she jumps at the chance to run back to Patrick . Kitty spends most of the book alone or with someone else . How are we to even half-way believe there is any real love between the two main characters ? Save your money and read `` Enslaved '' instead , you 'll end the book MUCH more satisfied .
 Enticed is a disappointing read , less a story of romance than a catalogue of sexual perversions . Kitty jumps from one to the next , beginning with her rape at the hands of the man Henley would have us believe is the hero of the piece , through two marriages to other men that make Patrick a sideline character for a significant portion of the book . By the time she finally finds her way back to Patrick again , the book has gone on too long , and neither of the romantic leads have built up enough charisma to make the ending believable or compelling . Skip it .
 `` I 'll agree with another review by saying I ca n't believe this author was actually published again after this one . I 'm stupified of the amount of rape and attempted molesting of a fifteen year old that goes on in this book . I do realize however that teenagers were not considered children in the time period this novel took place , but the characters are cruel , indescent and flat out mean . And I really ca n't stand the fact that Kitty ended up with the one man who started it all . Love is never an excuse for the kind of things that went on in this novel ... I finally quit reading it about halfway through and skimmed my way to the end.I 'll not count this author out as of yet though , she 's obviously writing something better than this because she 's got pretty high ratings on goodreads and she 's got a list of books a mile long , so we 'll see .
 This one was my first book by VH and it has left such a bitter taste in my mouth that I 'll think twice before I buy other books written by her . I read the book till when Kitty marries Charles and finally , sleeps with him while she still had Patrick in her heart.I could n't read another page after that . Throughout the book she 's been saving herself for Patrick and at the end of it she gives into someone she 's not even in love with . Kitty 's character is a very sorry example for a heroine , especially when she 's tempted to give into most men she meets at every turn , including the captain of the ship that transports her from United Kingdom to United States ... Skip this book , you 're not missing anything .
 This is the second book of Virginia Henley 's that Ive read , and I was disappointed in it after reading `` A Year and a Day '' . It was no where near the quality of story as a Year . Do n't get me wrong I did not hate the book , but I found the characters totally stupid at times , and unintelligable . Im taking my book to the used book store tomorrow to trade for something else . I guess I will have to try another one of Virginia Henley 's books to see how they fare .
 I 'm one of those readers who likes romance novels with extensive character development that explain the motivation behind the hero 's and heroine 's actions . Virginia Henley is one of my favorite writers and she usually delivers in spades , but the characters in this novel lack heart . Of all her books , I 've felt unconnected and dissatisfied with only two , Enticed and Desired . The publisher should have released this book as a novel and left it out of the romance genre , where it lacks romantic composition . Henley is a very detailed writer who weaves a historically accurate tale for a heroine whom I could not , as hard as I tried , sympathize with or care enough about . Kitty became aggravating as one life changing crisis after another befall her , only to sigh as she makes one bad decision after another . It 's like watching a horror film where the character is about to open the door to a room with the monster inside , and you 're yelling , `` Do n't open that door ! '' Kitty is that type of character , only she keeps opening the same door over and over and over ... till you just have to close the book and put it aside for a few months to rid yourself of the headache . Patrick was no hero . Except for the fact that he was her first sexual experience , he should have been forgotten about and left in her past , as he was for the majority of this novel . I could not understand why Kitty cared for him or why she accepted him entering her life at various times gifting him with her love only to be disappointed . Kitty 's love for Patrick stunted the growth of her character , which explains my dislike of this story since she practically falls for him from the start . It 's the first time I 've ever read a romance novel and NOT wanted the hero and heroine to get together . Go figure !?!
 The book started with promised , and I thought that the lead female character Kitty would overcome her poor circumstances ... she did but not in a way that endeared you to her.Patrick , the male lead character , lost favour in my eyes as the book progressed ... but so did Kitty , you did not `` feel '' the love between them.Why you may ask . I can understand problems arising between the two lead characters but there was no romance.Kitty marries twice before she gets her man . This then made Patrick a secondary character for the large portion of the story . And by then by the time they did get together you did not really care id they did or did n't . The other rewiews mention Virgina 's previous book Enslaved . If you have read that book before Enticed you will understand our disappointment with Enticed.I wanted the book to get better but it was not to be.Ms Henley is a gifted writer but her books become outstanding if you can feel the passion between her lead charaters and that 's why this book is not one of her best.Sorry Virgina ... I 'll still be buying your books but please keep the love and passion as you did in Enslaved .
 This was my second V.H. novel and I was terribly disappointed . After reading The Pirate and The Pagan , I had high expectations . This booked lacked substance and I still ca n't figure out why Patrick and Kitty ended up together . It also bothered me that Kitty 's character was so young in the beginning of this book . Maybe that 's a typical theme in this genre of books ? . . but I hope not . I will definatley check other reviews of V.H. books before I commit to reading the next novel .
 Of the Henley books I 've read thus far , this one was by far the worst ! I skipped through most of the book , only reading the steamy scences , which were n't as good as they normally are ! Save your money !
 I love Virginia Henley but these characters are so disconnected and unromantic . There is simply nothing endearing about any of the players in this book , in fact most of all the characters are so flawed and dark I hate to consider it a romance . Definately put this on your `` if there is nothing else to read '' list .
 this book and others like it so insult the intelligence of anyone with half a brain . Read something substantial for a change !
 I really wanted to like this book . I read 50 pages and found myself completely unmoved by the story and the pursuit of the killer . The writing is good
 Is it hate speech to call someone who teaches falsehood a liar ? Should nothing be said about the false claims of Jack T Chick ? He supposedly has n't granted a public interview in approximately 30 years . Is he alive ? Is he real ? The level of anti-Catholicism is virtually unparalleled . And as a Catholic -LRB- by the way , Catholic is Christian , and to be less is to be less than the Body of Christ -RRB- , I am offended that he makes false statements and hides behind comics . Despite this , I will pray for those behind these falsehoods . God bless .
 jack t. chick is a psychopath and writes these things that promote intolerance in the most extreme way.he says lots of people are going to hell , but it will be him who ends up there for not treating his fellow man with respect and kindness .
 I realized from the title this was not a how to poker book but figured it would be something along the lines of anthony holdens book big deal but i was very disappointed with this book.It cover the authors poker games with his buddies in some off the wall home games -LRB- granted i am slanted more towards holdem -RRB- Other chapters dealing with a poker cruise and his dealings with a woman poker player hitting him up for advice , a chapter about internet poker dealing with a lot of rules and regs dealing with them in the USA.Also has a chapter about books dealing with gambling mostly by Dostoyevsky.On the back of the book it talks about the author being in the world series of poker and i was hoping it would have a little more to do with that but it had maybe three or four pages dealing with this.This was one of those books i keep reading hoping it would get better i felt it never did if you have not red anthony holden 's book big deal try that one i could not recommend this book
 The book is very well written but , if you need to see what the moves look like , you 'll need to get a video or another book . I can not make out a single move from the diagrams provided and the few photos are so lacking in what comes between point A and point B that they are useless too . I was glad I did n't pay much for the book .
 I read this hoping for an insight , I got very little from it.There are better books with more information at a basic level in less pages .
 When purchasing this book/dvd combination , I was hoping to get an introduction to Tai Chi that I could practically evaluate and practice . Instead , what I received was a poorly veiled advertisement for the author 's 4 DVD set of instructional videos.While the book does contain certain valuable facts about Tai Chi -LRB- history , etc -RRB- , this is not something that you can pick up and begin doing Tai Chi exercises within an hour . The DVD on the other hand is almost completely useless and while advertising the full length 4 DVD set - looks as if it were filmed in the author 's living room with long curtains hiding his sofa.I would not recommend this product . Two stars b/c the book is n't all that bad - but is not a practical application of Tai Chi - and that may have been my mistake .
 The author tries to present the theory and the practice of tai chi and ends up doing neither effectively . In the first 13 chapters , he goes through endless psychobabble , new age stuff.Finally , he begins presenting the form in Chapter 15 -LRB- after a chapter of the history of the form which is largely redundant of what came before -RRB- . In chapter 15 he presents 12 movements . Each movement concists of 4 to 6 instructions , but only one photograph . In Chapter 16 , he writes , `` This chpater will give you an overview of movements 13 through 25 of the Kuang Ping form . Rather than detailing the movements , this chapter will focus on some of the benefits of each moment . '' What follows is one photo for each movement and a paragraph telling the reading the benefits of this previous movement . This is tedious and redundant and not at all helpful for someone who wishes to learn the form.If the reader wants to know the theory of tai chi , an excellent book is `` The Complete Illustrated Guide to Tai Chi '' by Angus Clark . He presents Chinese philosophy within a Chinese setting not in New AGe babble.If the reader wants to learn the form of tai chi , an excellent book is `` Tai Chi , For Inner Harmony and Balance '' by Paul Tucker . In this book , he presents a short form with amble photographs and illustrations and breaks the book into 31 very management lessons . The Tucker book is an excellent book.Do not waste your time and money on the Douglas book .
 If you want to learn the form of this style , look else ware . Instructions on the form are very poor . One photo for a posture is not enough to understand how to communicate the movements of the form . The rest of the information given in the book is rather superficial.This book serves no purpose at any level ...
 When you see a whole bunch of rave reviews for a book , it 's easy to dismiss the few negative ones . Sadly , that 's what I did in choosing this book . The positive reviews were so positive , that I thought for sure it would be valuable . But that has not been my experience . So far I 've read 75 pages , and all I 've seen are chapter after chapter extolling the virtues of Tai Chi , Chi Gong , Traditional Chinese Medicine , and Acupuncture . The only actual exercise or movement or anything actionable so far has been the instruction to breathe deeply and relax as I exhale . That 's it . If you want to pay good money for a really long-winded info-mercial for this man 's not-so-reasonably priced DVD -LRB- almost $ 70 for one single DVD ! -RRB- , then by all means , buy this book . If you want to learn anything useful about Tai Chi , I would advise you to look elsewhere.How do I explain all those rave reviews ? I figure this man must either have a really big family or one heckuva publicity agency . Either way , be forewarned
 I got this book a few years back , and as a professional idiot , found it to be quite disappointing . I had higher expectations from a Complete Idiot 's Guide.One of the more laughable claims in the book , is that the information presented within will make you a Qi Gong master . In truth , the Qi Gong info presented is cursory and superficial at best , and only covers the bare basics.The Taiji Quan section is also very disappointing . It is the -LRB- shortened , I believe -RRB- QuangPing Yang style form presented in photo stills with no visual indication of transition between postures , no directional arrows which are normally a big help . The movements for the hand form , the 12 movement sword form , and the fan form are difficult to follow.There is absolutely no discussion of the 13 postures or the Taiji classics , which makes this book worthless to anyone looking for solid , well rounded information on Taiji Quan , something a book claiming to be an Idiot 's Guide should most definitely include . If you have access to the internet , you already have access to all of the information presented in this book . If you are already somewhat familiar with Taiji Quan , you have no need of this book at all.As a better source of information for beginners , I would recommend : - Cheng M'an Ching 's `` Master Cheng 's New Method of Taichi Ch ` uan Self-Cultivation '' - Yang Jwing Ming 's `` Tai Chi Theory and Martial Power '' - Lawrence Galante 's `` Tai Chi , the Supreme Ultimate . `` For Qi Gong : - Dr. Yang Jwing Ming 's `` Roots of Chinese Qi Gong '' - Dr. Yang Jwing Ming 's `` Qigong , The Secret of Youth '' - Mantak Chia 's `` Awaken Healing Energy Through Tao `` These books have simple , easy to follow diagrams , weight distribution charts , foot placement charts , and breathing instructions , as well as some info on the classics , which will give you far more use and information than this book .
 If you are just beginning Tai Chi this book is a start but by all means not the authority on the art . There are many books and DVD that will teach you a step-by-step way of doing tai chi . One of the best books on teaching tai chi is `` Teaching Tai Chi Effectively '' by Dr. Paul Lam . Even if you are a new student to tai chi Dr. Lam 's book will help you more than this one .
 I do n't find this DVD to be idiot friendly and I feel I must have bought the wrong DVD/Book . I thought it would be easy to follow and it is n't . The title is very misleading and I do n't know if others have had the same problem with this book/DVD .
 sirs
 This book concentrates on an obscure and obsolete style . Further it completely ignores the main style in modern use , the 24 form yang short style.If you go with this book , your style will not fit into groups or the classes at the Y or the senior center or pretty much anywhere else . He may be a great teacher , and this may be a great book , but that is irrelevant . It is the wrong style . Get a book or DVD on the 24 form style .
 The author continues to cover the same ground on how good Tai Chi is for one medically . After about the 10th time it becomes over kill . I have n't finished the book as I 'm turned off by the lack of information that is true information on how to practice Tai Chi , look for a teacher , etc. . As I have now found a true Tai Chi teacher , I realize how poor this book really is . This is the authors own style and does not necessarily reflect the main Tai Chi styles taught . If you 're looking for a book on `` real '' Tai Chi , this is n't it .
 Misleading ----- thought that we were getting a dvd for instruction as well as the book . The book is to difficult to follow but the author will be more than glad to sell you another dvd for instruction . I wish that I had not wasted the money !
 Wow , this book makes you realise how unbelievably wrong a single author can be , and pass it off as fact . She presents the argument that heavy metal and roleplaying games will cause teenagers to kill themselves , kill others , and worship the devil.It 's sad that a person can believe this , and devote so much time to this . I 'm sure when Gary Gygax sat down in 1970 to write Dungeons and Dragons he said ` right , my ultimate goal here is to make teenagers worship satan Hahahahaha -LRB- maniacle laughter no doubt followed -RRB- . Or Judas Priest said ` yes , if we make our fans kill themselves then we 'll have none left ! ha ! Brilliant ! ` An interesting book , but only when viewed from afar , as a study in how deluded some people can really be .
 I possess graduate degrees in Psychology and Teaching and I can attest that this books only value is as an example of incompetent statistics and poor logic . Sure , everybody can have an opinion , but Pat Pulling was a bold-faced liar . When she could n't get evidence to support her hypothesis , she simply generated it . It is almost humerous if it was n't such a good example of a person on a Quixotic crusade to explain a tragic incident in their own life and getting nowhere . The really sad part is that if somebody was intelligent and wanted to generate a case for what she argues , it could be done , even if it was as erroneous as her book . She does n't even tell a convincing lie . It was sad that she never received the correct grief counseling by competent individuals before she passed on a few years ago . I hope her tortured psyche can rest in peace .
 Yes Mrs Pulling has done her best to caution others about `` breaking with reality '' , and her book serves as an adequate example of what can happen when someone does become reality impared ; it contains no real facts to support her claims that Dungeons and Drangons had any thing to do with any deaths what so ever , and what `` facts '' she does offer are either falsely described or out right lies . I agree that if you are a bad parent you should probably error on the side of caution and limit the activities of your little monster , but I think `` not keeping guns in the house '' and `` not letting your child butcher pets '' -LRB- both things Mrs Pulling admits she or her son did -RRB- should come well before stopping them from playing D&D . Besides if you get rid of D&D who will you blame when they finally do kill someone ?
 As a person who has played roleplaying games for several years , I can assure everyone that there is nobody less suicidal than me . Pat Pulling , though understandably grief-ridden at the suicide of her son , has taken her grief to far , and is using D&D as a scapegoat . If her son had played tennis before he killed himself she may well have ended up making some daft theory about tennis . Sadly , since D&D is something of a fringe hobby -LRB- although the roleplaying hobby is growing all the time -RRB- many people were fooled by her and her Fundamentalist cohorts .
 `` Do n't Look Now '' is just one of many pointless , non-thriller , lackluster , poorly written short stories by Daphne du Maurier . I could not find a point in any of the five stories , and they all left me feeling empty . `` Do n't Look Now '' was completely dim-witted and anti-climatic -LRB- as were all the stories -RRB- . `` The Breakthrough '' did make me question science and at how much we want to live , but the characters were flat and lifeless . `` Not After Midnight '' felt like it was going on a downward spiral to nowhere land , without a point to be found . `` A Border-Line Case '' left me feeling repulsed and wondering what du Maurier was trying to say . `` The Way of the Cross '' made me wonder if du Maurier 's way of thinking is that God gives people their comeuppance ; I found the shifting narrator to be irksome and it showed how little the author gave her characters varying personalities . I closed this book realizing , that after these stories , along with `` Rebecca , '' that du Maurier has a very monotone and bland style of writing ; she often goes of on pointless tangents . `` Pointless '' is the ever returning word when speaking of du Maurier 's writing . I do not recommend .
 The TOR Edition is full of typos . Do not buy this edition . These must be from the conversion from text to Kindle edition .
 This review is for this version , not the book itself , which is amazing . If you are unfamiliar with the REAL version of Monte Cristo and did n't know that the actual novel is 1300 + pages , do n't bother with this version unless it is required for a class . Nowhere on or in the book does it say that it is abridged , so unwitting readers could be duped into thinking this was the full version . False advertising . Do n't waste your time with this one , read the full version , you wo n't be disappointed .
 I purchased the Scholastic version of the book so I could finish reading the novel -LRB- I had it on my PDA and lost my PDA -RRB- . After finishing reading the Scholastic printing of the book , I found the book seemed to leave many unanswered questions , so I thought I would re-read it . It was then that I discovered that the scholastic publication is missing some of the chapters -LRB- though the included chapters are sequentially numbered -RRB- . In fact , a person reading the Scholastic printing would never understand the most important act which caused Edmond Dantes so much grief , as that most important chapter , `` the Conspiracy '' is one of the omitted chapters . Thus , this printing is , in my humble opinion , worthless.The book , as a whole , is great , and I recommend the book -LRB- in its complete form -RRB- to anyone .
 If you 're reading Dumas for the prose and the style of writing , the words `` abridgement '' tell you everything you need to know
 This review applies only to the 2002 Modern Library Classics edition of the book . I read the book partly online but mostly as this paperback . At the very end there is , in this paperback edition , a very important section missing . It 's in chapter 113 . Right after Dantes takes his leave of Mercedes , and before he meets Morrel in the cemetery , the online version includes what must be several pages where Dantes returns to the Chateau d'If . Inexplicably , the whole episode is missing in this paperback edition .
 you find it almost impossible to determine the translator of this book , either from the amazon description or even from an examination of the physical book itself . only by an in-depth reading of almost the entire introduction is it made clear that the translation is quite old , and considered one of the worst . surprised eco put his name to this .
 Unfortunately , there is also much that is bad to be said about it ; on balance , I think the bad slightly exceeds the good.On the plus side , there is a fascinating basic plotline , and some excellent characters . The writing is effective , and draws the reader into the plot ; by the end of the book , I actually found myself caring about the characters and what happened to them , in spite of not really liking the book . And if you like complex , involved , convoluted plots , this book is certainly one that you will not want to miss.On the down side , while there is certainly 400 + pages of excellent plot in this novel , it takes the author 875 pages to tell it . -LRB- This refers to the unabridged Wordsworth Classics edition , in paperback . -RRB- The writing reminds me of a quote I once heard describing Dickens -LRB- and which could easily be applied to many 19th century authors -RRB-
 The single star refers to this version , not the book itself . Do not read this version if you want the complete version of the Count of Monte Cristo . Other reviewers have noted that this is an abridged version , but it is much worse than that , this is a 19th century English Bowdlerized version . Still worse is the fact that the publisher does not disclose this fact , which I consider to be quite deceptive . Significant subplots have been eliminated so as not to have to contend with what the Bowdlerizer considered unpleasant story elements such as
 Unfortunately when I ordered this edition , it was not shown that this is only the abridged version . I was looking forward to getting into a good story , when on the first page I see that is is abridged . I specifically looked when I ordered to see if it was the short version and there were no indications to that effect . So be careful ! If you want the full version you have to make sure that you do n't order this exact item .
 i thought this was a great book because i 've never read the origanal but it was about 700 pages shorter DO NOT BUY THIS BOOK !
 I had purchased a copy of this book because I love the story of the Count of Monte Cristo and wanted a version in hard back . It was only after I was reading through it when I noticed stuff different from my penguin soft back version did I flip to the front to discover the book was abridged.Who ever edited this book had to have been stupid because they did a horrible job of editing . I could understand cutting material which is n't critical to the story . Examples from the unabridged version included ` How to rescue a gardener from dormice who are eating his peaches ' and ` the road for Belgium . ' However to deliberately omit major portions which are critical to the whole of the story is wrong and causes the whole story to be misrepresented.Major portions which were omitted included the the final judgment of Danglars at the hands of Vampa , and also the story of Andrea Cavalcanti and how he ties to both Villefort and Danglars . Even the comic book version of the story I read as a kid managed to included all of these.This abridged version of this book isnt worth the paper it is written on . I am extremely disappointed at Barnes and Noble for putting their name on crap like this . Do n't waste your money , go get yourself a penguin classics version instead and read the whole story.The Count of Monte Cristo -LRB- Penguin Classics -RRB- Hard Cover .
 Although billed by Amazon as unabridged , this is a butchering of the story that would make Dumas roll in his grave . The back of the box says `` abridged , '' yet somehow the store insists it is unabridged , simply because it is longer than other audio additions . Make no mistake , many rich and wonderful -LRB- not to mention important -RRB- are left off with no attempt to apologize , repent , or make amends . A proper COUNT audio book should be in the neighborhood of 30 CDs ... this one is only 14 , although this information is concealed in the product description . The picture shown is not accurate . BEWARE !
 '' '' This is the best version of this book in kindle store ! It contents a unique images plus a dinamic table of content . The book made up in original way . '' `` I do n't think a book description this illiterate -LRB- referring to both language and technology -RRB- can be taken seriously . No spell check ? No grammar check ? Give me a break!Moving along to the next version ...
 I could n't get past the first 5 chapters in this book due to the number of typos and poor translation . As soon as I 'd begin to be immersed in the story a string of typos would trip me up and frustrate me . Often times I 'd find myself re-reading a paragraph more than once to try and figure out what was being said because of the bad translation . This is certainly not a Wordsworth e-book conversion ! You 're better off just buying the book instead of this .
 Let me be clear that I am a big fan of The Count of Monte Cristo , but do n't spend your money on this copy . Visually , it 's unappealing to the eyes -LRB- looks like a phone book -RRB- . What is far worse , though , is that the editing in this book is horrendous . I will be half way through a sentence and the other half of it is starting a completely knew paragraph . There are spelling errors throughout the text . And what is really annoying is that the table of contents ' page numbers do n't match up with the text 's page numbers . There 's about a 50 page difference between the two . How that happened , I do n't know . But , let me tell you that there are better unabridged copies of this excellent book out there .
 The book is excelent reading but please get a different version.This version only has 580 or so pages where as other versions have over 1,300 pages . That means that this version is only half the story.So much gets lost in translation already do n't cheat yourself even more .
 print is too smallbook is too smallexpected book to be biggernot happy at all wish i could return
 I thought this was a book about the sandwich . I was so disappointed . They should add an epilogue describing the origins of the sandwich . Then it might be worth reading . : P
 This book was VERY well worn and the pages are falling out . Not happy at all.Will be more careful about buying used books in the future .
 There are TONS of words that are joined with no space between them . There are too many as to be conscionable . Does no one proof read these things ?
 Please note that the product details dont mention it but this is an ABRIDGED edition and as such , leaves exactly those details out that make the book a classic . Dont get suckered into buying this edition coz it 's cheap .
 I only give this book 2 stars because I love the story . But I ca n't rate this edition higher because ... well , to say that there are chapters missing in this edition would be to say nothing . I have read the original
 i had a similar experience as previously indicated . in fact i ordered both the unabridged and abridged versions of this product and received the exact same product -LRB- despite the fact that the allegedly unabridged version was 2X the cost . -RRB- if you 'll notice , the picture are confusing and therefore you do n't know what you will be receiving . now i am looking elsewhere for an unabridged version as the information on amazon is inconclusive and ultimately unhelpful .
 The unabridged version of this is huge , huge . Like 1200 pages.I actually did read all of it . First time , though , that I would have to count myself sorry that I read the unabridged version of anything.There were exciting elements to the plot , to be sure , but after Dantes makes sure that M. Morrel is taken care of -LRB- p. 300 in the Penguin Classics edition
 Several years ago I bought THE COUNT OF MONTE CRISTO at a Borders -LRB- yeah , Borders -RRB- store . Not possessing the knowledge that the unabridged novel is over a thousand pages long , I assumed I had the entire book in my collection . Having finally cleared my schedule so that I could fully concentrate on Alexandre Dumas 's classic about vengeance gone wild , I was horrified by what I was reading . Halfway into the book I took the trouble to look at the title page , and then the inherent weaknesses of the book were quickly explained ; I was reading the Borders Classics Abridged Edition . Suddenly all the plot inconsistencies , timeline malfunctions , gaping holes in the story -- along with all the mundane , trite , and nauseating melodramatic dialogue -- made perfect sense . The Borders Abridged is awful , and , although I doubt I will ever try to tackle the unabridged edition , in my opinion does Dumas 's classic not one iota of justice.I do hope the original tale is not as myopically presented -- with each major character engaging in a monotonous pity party -- as the abridged edition I suffered through . Protagonist Edmond Dantes comes across as cruel and reprehensible ; the characters that conspired to send an innocent man to prison are demonstrably shallow and superficial . Hosts of other characters such as Haydee , Madame Danglars , Madame de Villefort , Debray , ad nauseum , are never fully vetted or explained . The only benefit from enduring this particular abridged edition is my determination , upon the purchase of another classic , to make darned sure I 'm buying the unabridged version . Books , especially good books , are meant to be enjoyed as they originally were written -- not hacked to nonsensical pieces for the sake of brevity . THE COUNT OF MONTE CRISTO deserves better . -- D. Mikels , Esq. .
 are reviews for the great and wonderful novel by Dumas doing here under ths comic book ? Shame on you Amazon for this ridiculous connection and false advertising . To quote John , Give Me a Break !
 My copy of this book says absolutely nowhere that it is abridged - not the back cover , front cover , title page , copyright page ... no where . Yet , it is abridged . And it leaves out really relevant , important , and incredibly beautiful passages . If you do n't mind an abridged version , get it , but be aware that you 're missing a lot of the beauty of the full version as well as full chapters full of character motivation and background .
 Not a bad translation , but AVOID AT ALL COSTSThis is an abridged version , and as such a waste and a slap in the face to the author 's original vision.I 'm doubly upset because I didnt notice this was abridged till I already bought it , and was already 200 pages into it .
 The pages come off . Do not purchase this book . I spent the first week of school trying to prevent the pages from coming off .
 This a really crummy translation . No one is credited anywhere , though there 's some worthy who contributed an introduction .
 I agree with everyone else when I say that the story of ` The Count ' is gripping , exciting , etc. . The translations , on the other hand , especially this one , leave much to be desired . The English is stilted and uninspiring , and many times it seems like the text was translated word-for-word without necessary changes in sentence structure.Alexandre Dumas is much better in the original French .
 When I paid for this book , I ordered the ADULT version of The Count of Monte Cristo . I was sent a copy of an illustrated children 's version which is what I DID NOT order . What I tried to purchase was the exact book that fit the description I read before I added it to my cart . I still love Amazon , just a bad experience with this purchase . Oh well .
 It is not quite true that the publishers hide the fact that this is an abridged edition - it is printed under the title but is difficult to notice . After the 30 introductory pages you 'll find a `` Translator 's Note ' that tells you that `` a distinct prejudice against length now exists '' . Well , in my view it is a poor taste to shorten a classic book . The book is excellent but get the full version .
 While it does n't indicate it , this is a heavily abridged version of the story , and pretty much just deals with the elements contained in the 2002 film . It 's still a good story , but gets 2 stars for not indicating that it 's abridged , and because even at 1400 pages , the full unedited story by Dumas is MUCH richer and makes for a much more satisfying story . Do not cheat yourself of that satisfaction by settling for 1/3 of the story .
 Despite what I gave this book it is a classic.The reason why I gave this book was because it was really confusing , although I did get the main plot , for this is one of those books that has ten plots with a hundred different characters.Then on top of that it is really long it took me about a year to finish this book because its so long.Its one of those books that you know the author could 've made a 1/4 the size that it actually is , so your just like `` OHH My GOD!get it over with.But since it is a classic it has many good points.Such as Dumas has ingeniously invented a highly original plot that I have never heard of in another book.Then the main idea , and almost the only one on Dantes mind , Revenge make you all the more aching thoughtout the book to just figure out what twisted turn is next to come.Then out of no where the only thing that could stop Dantes 's revenge , the only thing that he took no precaution against , does.All the surprises make this book one of the best I 've ever read.Despite its lake of parismony and brevity I would recomend it to anyone who likes the plot of revenge , hatred , and love.It in all probabilty rates my top 1 or 2 book ever and I doubt I shall find anyone I like or enjoyed more.So read it , I promised you wo n't be disappointed and it will be in your top books .
 I like Sci-Fi books , and tried something new ... the classic , The Count of Monte Cristo . Needless to say , it 's not much more believable , the odds of colonizing Mars are better than these events .
 OK . Short and Sweet . Basically I needed a SPECIFIC book to read over summer for my english class . TRUSTING the seller , I ordered there book , which gives the specific kind of book because there are many many versions , and I needed this one . SO I order it , even get the fast shipping because I needed it in a week or so ... they sent me a COMPLETELY DIFFERENT version from what i ordered . ON TOP OF THAT THE SELLER DOES NOT RESPOND TO MY EMAIL SO I CANT RETURN . THEN I HAD TO GET ANOTHER BOOK . SO THANK YOU . MAKE SURE TO NOT BUY FROM THIS SELLER . NEVER . THEY WONT GIVE YOU YOUR MONEY 'S WORTH . -LRB- THE SELLER
 Someone at Amazon needs to fix the left-hand margin ... the left margin is wider than the right , and it drives me nuts ! It should n't be that hard.This seems to happen a lot with the free classics from Project Gutenberg .
 Story has good twists , but there are too many French places and people which makes the audio confusing .
 A wonderful classic story butchered by a senseless editor who removed major portions of the story without letting the reader know . The description on the back cover misleads the consumer into thinking that one is getting so much more than the full text -LRB- the edition includes a brief introduction of the author , critical analysis and explanatory notes -RRB- . I 'd rather do without the side commentary and get the full original manuscript . The problem is n't that the editor decided to abridge the book , but that they chose to conceal this fact from the reader.The removed portions are integral to the storyline and I was left baffled by how disjointed the novel seemed , so uncharacteristic of Alexandre Dumas . Then I found out it 's not the author 's fault.Book is highly recommended , but I would also recommend that readers invest in more trustworthy versions out there .
 I thought this story was very difficult to follow . I even restarted it after reading the first hundred or so pages . Now I know why ... there are several chapters intentionally omitted in this version , making it impossible to make sense of the text . I am angered that the publisher butchered the story without letting the consumer know that it had been done . Do not buy this book , or any other `` Enriched Classic '' .
 I am unclear why the Modern Library version is called `` unabridged '' . It is very obviously abridged . The Chateau d'If return is totally missing , and much of Dumas ' loquaciousness is cut out entirely from chapter after chapter .
 This is a repackaged version of Project Gutenberg 's Count of Monte Cristo text . You can download the book for free -LRB- even a kindle edition -RRB- if you visit Project Gutenberg . -LRB- Googling `` Gutenberg Monte Cristo '' , for example , should bring you to the proper page . -RRB-
 This is the abridged version of the Dumas classic.Having not read the original yet , I can only compare itto The Three Musketeers . Dumas ' writing style losesenergy in the abridging process . The reader ought tobe aware that the story has been simplified and summarized.If you want the true flavor of Dumas , order the unabridgedversion .
 In the `` actual Count of Monte Cristo '' Dumas perfectly explains all of Dante 's dilemmas and how he fixes them . In this book they just pick some chapters and piece them together . So what you get is bits and pieces of chapters -LRB- and you miss a bunch of veeeeeery important chapters . Read the actual story not this thrift store jigsaw puzzle abridged version . In this book they leave out important characters like Jacapo who helped dantes find the treasure -LRB- which is n't even mentioned in this version -RRB- , Danglars just magically disappears towards the end of this book but in the real one he still is quite critical to the end . I never have liked abridged classics because you never get the whole story and this is no exception .
 THIS BOOK IS BORING !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I watched the movie , and loved it , but was completely and totally bored by the book . on the other hand the movie was wonderful . lots of action and drama . it is about a young man who is framed and taken to the prison island of monte christo . he escapes and finds treasure in a hidden cove . He uses the riches to take revenge on his enemy who framed him . please take my advice and just watch the movie .
 After I downloaded this book , I went to change my font ; My Kindle froze up , I powered it off , and now it wo n't turn back on . I am about to call customer service . I would suggest not downloading this book if I were you , quite yet ...
 Having just got a new Kindle I was searching for some classics to read and was really excited to find this book.That is until I tried , in vain , to download it to my Kindle.Apparently it is NOT available to customers in Canada.Amazon - WHY IS THAT ?
 As I read this book in english class , I found this novel way too long and bombasic . But then I found out why it was so long . The author was paid for each chapter that he wrote . If anyone is stupid enough to actually buy and read this work of verbose crap on their spare time , I pity that person . Much of the stuff that happens in the middle of the book has nothing to do with the plot .
 The text is long , but is an easy read . The characters are all flat , with the exception being one of the villians . There is the occasional bright spot , but these are usually separated by two or three hundred pages . I would only recommend this novel to people whose age is counted using a single digit .
 I have to read this book for school , and it is boring , dull , puts you to sleep after 2 pages ... exc ... exc ... exc ... . Dantes need to fugure out who he is ... he must be 6 peple in his story ... but it did bite that he got arrested for that letter though ... . Those guys were jerks . .
 The copy , Pequin bound , Count of Monte Cristo fell apart in my hands , as I turned a page it fell out . This began to happen on page 10 and then an entire section , about 30 pages fell out . I had been taping the pages back in place but with the big chunk I sewed along the binding edge and secured the bundle back in the book with tape . The pages continued to fall out and by page 55 I gave up and bought another copy from a different source . This is my first book purchase from Amazon ... hmmmm ... it will be a long time before I make another .
 i never liked classics and i do n't like this one
 This is n't a review so much as a warning ; I never read the book once I found out that it is an abridged edition . It says so across the back of the book , but there 's nothing about it on Amazon 's page . I sent the book back and received a refund . If you want to read Alexandre Dumas 's complete masterpiece , find yourself another edition .
 Nowhere in the description of this item or in the book itself does it mention that this is an abridged book with a number of plot resolving sections omitted . Amazon - you must state in the listing for these `` Enriched Classics '' books that they are abridged and therefore are useless as school books , etc. . Very misleading by the publisher !
 I thought it was time I read this classic . Did n't know until I finished it 's 1312 pages ! Started out fine . but really bogged down . Dumas kept dragging in so many characters , it was hard to keep them all straight.Part of the problem was that , if I read wiki correctly , it was originally written as a serial - you know , like soap operas that never have a conclusion . There really was n't a conclusion , in my mind , to this book.Bought free from Amazon and downloaded to my BlackBerry and read a chapter a day for 3 months . Since I always have my phone with me , could read it while waiting for a plane or on a plane at home and abroad or in a line etc. .
 Although the story is well known to me , the editing of this audio book was so confusing . I absolutely could not follow it . Too much is cut out .
 This review is for this version , not the book itself , which is amazing . You find it almost impossible to determine the translator of this book , either from the amazon description or even from an examination book itself . Only by an in-depth reading of almost the book is it made clear that the translation is quite poor , and considered one of the worst .
 Do n't waste your time reading this edition . There are many grammatical errors in this edition . Terrible formatting will not let you get pleasure from reading this book .
 Count of MC is quite possibly one of the best books ever written . This 300-450 page novel does not do it justice . A lot of passages have been edited out and in some way translated extremely poorly . As a fan of Dumas or just a reader I would NOT recommend this book , instead go and get the 1000-1100 page version , idk if they make it in a softcover though , but that edition is EPIC.This is like watching a movie in fastforward , you miss a ton of the most important vital conversations/scenes b/c you 're only skipping through for the action , and then just as you 're about to get interested it 'll end.Great for highschool book reports terrible for people that actually enjoy reading .
 As part of my job , I read this book because I had heard so much about it . It was not only a disappointment , but also a waste of my time . I could not believe the drivel it contained . The writing is so poor that the text is actually difficult to follow , and , to top it all off , the concepts are so trite , hackneyed and saccharine that following the text yields nothing . No insight , no information , no enhanced awareness . Nothing . I am at a loss to explain the good word of mouth this paperback has received except to suggest that perhaps the people who order it for prisoners do n't actually read it before ordering . It 's a waste of paper , newsprint and glue .
 Although cleverly written and interesting to read , I would not recommend this book for a person who is not already well grounded in their knowledge of the faith . I found myself growing in disquiet with every chapter I read . While not directly espousing error , it came sufficiently close to be disturbing . I will give some examples to illustrate :1 -RRB- Chapter 3 on the Incarnation discusses how the Incarnation shows the essential dignity of man and even quotes Pope John Paul II on this point . Yet the way the point is made comes close to idolizing man - going as far as saying
 I was disappointed in this book . Grey 's life did n't really start until about 11 in the story and then was basically skimmed over till she went to the monastery and that was all about `` pleasing a few monks '' I did n't finish it . I stopped reading about the time she was going to leave the monastery . Quite graphic & crude sex terms .
 Total rubish . I evaluated surgical data statistically against the claims made in this book and there is no correlation at all . Just more fundie feel good jibberish that has no basis in fact what so ever .
 IRS Form 1023 is one of the most important pieces of starting a nonprofit organization . Yet this book , which is stamped with a 2005 copyright , contains information for the outdated , pre-2004 version of the 1023 . For example , the advice is given that one can attach a form SS-4 -LRB- request for EIN -RRB- with the form 1023 , and in the form 1023 state `` SS-4 attached '' when it asks for an SS-4 . Wrong . The IRS now requires an EIN be registered prior to submitting a 1023 . Likewise , the hints about `` Part this '' and `` Question that '' are completely out of sync with the actual application.Grudgingly , I give the author credit for the other parts of the book . But 1023 is so important , that it would be terrible to let anyone rely on the information in this book.A good source of detailed , up-to-date information on the 1023 is `` IRS Form 1023 Tax Preparation Guide '' by Jody Blazek . And I also recommend the companion book by the same author , `` IRS Form 990 Tax Preparation Guide for Nonprofits '' . Get those books . Do not get this book .
 I found this book useless . Very short , confusing explanations of product types and color guides . Everything is illustrated with pictures of her own products -- do you want to pay money for an advertisement?The Bobbi Brown or Kevyn Aucoin books would be more helpful than this if you want to learn how to apply makeup .
 I read 2 - 3 novels per week , and as an avid reader , I 'm not embarrassed to say that this was hard to follow and left me confused half of the time . Did this one somehow escape the editor 's desk ? There were so many fragmented , choppy sentences that I 'd have to re-read entire pages to understand what was going on . The author was overly descriptive in the thoughts and perceptions of the characters , but left out the necessary facts to pull the scenes together . I had to make assumptions all the way through the book so it would make enough sense to continue on . It was beyond `` leaving it up to your imagination '' . In the end , I am at a loss for words about how I truly felt while reading the book . I guess just did n't like the writing style and the story itself was n't anything spectacular . Was it supposed to be a suspense ? If so , I was never on the edge of my seat . Romance ? No . Crime drama meets fantasy world ? Perhaps ... ??? Read Karen Marie Moning 's Fever Series instead . Many similar aspects but from a much better storyteller .
 The description of this book is what made me buy it . I 'm always careful with what I want to read since I get emotionally involved . I tend to write off anything else the author puts out just because of the one book they made me mad with . This is one of those books.I think that this book was trying too hard to not be long . Or to not bore us . But it lost the magical touch when I sort of had to figure it out on my own . There are different creatures and types of humans , but I did n't get it . I thought that maybe I had missed the description of the history of the Barrani or the Leontines . But no , it was n't there ! I found it awful . I want to know about the peoples that I am reading . I do n't know what it means when a lion 's paw pad is dry , I do n't have cats . I do n't know what it means when the whiskers are this way or that , again I do n't have a cat . But the author made it seem like it was common knowledge and she had no time to explain it . With the Barrani , again the same thing . They had no emotions but there was always some kind of inner turmoil going on in there . They were perfect , but where did they come from ? What is their past about . There was n't even a clue about it . No inclination that I would get the answers in the future.Now , Kaylin . Ugh . If I had to hear just one more time what an awful student she made , I was gon na hurl . She was n't a strong heroine by any means . She was an awful student -LRB- yea , the book does it like that too -RRB- who was n't able to pick up on any of the lessons she was taught . But the bad words , oh yea , she got those . I ca n't be supportive of a character that has no redeeming qualities . I only get the feeling that she 's pretty decent with her daggers , that of course , she loses right before she truly needs them . She 's not a strong character . She 's lived in turmoil over something we learn about later , but it seems like she has n't done anything to be better than that . Sure she joined the Hawks , but it does n't seem like it was because she wanted too.Severn . I 'm leaving it alone . He 's so mopey and haunted . I ca n't stand him . He has no redeeming qualities.The only reason I finished this book was because I paid for it . It would have been such a waste if I did n't . The only reason it 's 1 star is because at the attempt of at creating a new world and because I have too .
 Looking for a `` new '' author to read their stuff , and ... well , if this is the start of the series , I hope it vastly improves . No back story whatsoever , no idea why the main character is in the situation she 's in , no idea of any real description of any of the races , whether this is a purely fantasy world , or based upon real life.I still have n't finished it yet , but only 1/3rd of the way through , and had to go to something else , for now . Will try it from scratch at a later time .
 While I do n't regret purchasing this book , I found the writing style very claustrophobic . It was sometimes unclear what was happening and how everything worked . The drawback to such a finely detailed world is that it 's difficult for the author to introduce all the content we need to know in an interesting way . I found the characters actions somewhat unrealistic , perhaps because I did n't know enough about the class and race dynamics involved . The author is a perfectly competent writer , but I just did n't like her style . I 'd recommend reading excerpts before buying to see if you have the same reaction .
 First off , I want to say that I tried very hard to like this book . Very hard , but in the end I just could n't do it . I applaud the author 's attempt to inject the novel with mystery and intrigue , I really do , but her effort , I 'm sorry to say , fell flat to the point of becoming pretentious . The writing style was jerky and hard to follow . It took me twice as long to read this novel as it usually does others of this genre because I kept going back and re-reading passages hoping to make sense of what was happening . My extra effort was wasted . And I just have to say , while I do enjoy novels that make me think , I do not enjoy novels that increasingly confuse me as I read without any evidence of an explanation that makes any sense . I ended up being more confused than the main character -LRB- which I 'll admit without giving too much away -RRB- is a HUGE feat . That was another thing , the heroine became downright annoying early on in the novel , without any indication of true growth of her character or redeeming quality ; what little growth was achieved only seemed to be transient and ineffectual . However , there are good elements to the story , particularly the author 's rich attention to the land and people of her world ; well , people other than her main characters.So would I recommend this novel ? I 'll let you decide for yourself whether to read it or not . Just do n't buy it , borrow it from a friend if you can .
 I 'm with the other reviewers . Confusing , needing to reread pages because of the choppy writing and the heroine is not very likeable . Keeping the reader in the dark about what 's going on made it hard to read , I almost gave up on it . I certainly didnt hurry to finish the book . At least I got more done around the house because it was n't hard to put down .
 Once an impoverished and homeless orphan , Kaylin has worked toward becoming a Hawk , the equivalent of a police force in this fantasy world . The recent deaths of local children hit entirely too close to home as she becomes involved with trying to discover who/what is causing them . Although I have n't exactly come to expect greatness from Luna books , this was disappointing . I spent most of the book confused -- not only about the immediate goings-on , but also about the entire plot in general . I did n't feel I had enough information or understanding about the world the protagonist lives in or even about Kaylin herself for the story to come together and make sense . Fans of other books published under Harlequin 's Luna imprint will be disappointed in the absence of any romantic element to the book whatsoever .
 I honestly do n't know how this book earned so many 4-5 star reviews . When I bought it I actually hoped for a `` Linda K Hamilton-esque '' type of book - I mean sort of a junk food for the brain type of fantasy ... But I ca n't even finish this book . I confess I am on page 113 and I can go no further.I just wonder - who edits this krap and decides to print it ? Just awful.For those of you -LRB- like I was -RRB- wondering if you 'd like to buy it - I reccomend checking it out from the library before you even waste 7.99 on it.To describe - it 's like if you mixed a bad Sci-Fi channel movie with a bad Lifetime channel movie and then fill with charecters from your junior high school .
 I 'll make it short and sweet since I barely made it through this book.Hated : Nearly everything.Hawk , hawk , hawk , hawk , hawk , hawk ... I stopped caring after Chapter 3Leontines are lion like , growl , growl , growl , snarlDragons are aloof , sulk sulk sulkEveryone hates poor heroine , whine , whine , whineI hate him , he did something horrible . -LRB- You do n't find out until middle end -RRB- She 's strong magically but they do n't explain how until near the end.Book was too long.Plot line was BADLY developed.The main character was not as described , changing back and forth.The world built was thin at best - attempting to do what Mercedes Lackey did in regard to religion - not having a specific one.Characters spoke other languages but she did n't even attempt to make up words other than `` wife '' or `` child '' . Liked : That it finally ended with some sort of conclusionThe use of tattoos in mainline fiction . A huge piece of culture finally employed-just not well.I hope that in later novels I wo n't incessantly hear of the Lords of Law , her hate of the bracer , how she feared but loved her Lord Grammarye . . Things like that.Get this from your library instead of buying it . I wont be reading the rest of it .
 The cover and description on the back of this book made me think thiswas an urban fantasy . It 's not . There is nothing urban about it.That 's not to say it 's a bad book , it 's not , but it is straight upfantasy.The author tried very hard to create her own unique fantasy world fullof magic and otherworldly creatures , but the result is a bitconfusing . Even after finishing the book I 'm still a little confused.This book is also way too long for the story . It could have been halfas long and had a much better pace . I found myself getting frustratedas Kaylin was called before her superior 's for the twelfth time andyelled at , threatened , and given no explanation for her repeatedquestions . It felt very , very , redundant.Also , this is nothing romantic in this book . Nothing at all . Iprefer some romantic elements in these kind of books I felt it ` sabsence here .
 Very intriguing plot line , but very badly delivered . If I had a dollar for every time the word `` Hawk '' was used , I 'd be able to pay off my new car ! Geez , I understand the character was a member of the Hawks , I do n't need to read `` I 'm a Hawk '' on every other page ! Whomever edited this book should be fired . This reads like a first draft dictated to a typing program . It 's really sad because the story idea is very good , but its buried under so much unnecessary stuff . Save your money and treat yourself to something better .
 I really wanted to like this , but it 's one of the worst-written fantasies I 've ever read . Apparently little money is expended on editing at Luna Books . The writing is so awkward , repetitive and dull that much of it simply wastes space and insults the reader 's intelligence . It 's about what I 'd expect a talented eighth-grader to write . There are multiple incomplete sentences on every page , the descriptions are lackluster and cliched and the dialogue is dull and staccato.It 's so disappointing that this book was n't edited adequately . If the author had been challenged to tighten the writing , it could have been turned into something readable , if not actually good . I 'm astonished at the positive promotional comments on the jacket and wonder if the reviewers actually read the book .
 This book would have been much better if it had been half the size and focused on a cohesive storyline . I am partial to urban fantasy but also enjoy the creativity required for a completely new and unique fantasy world . However , this book does not deliver on the promise of five intelligent species plus humans . -LRB- You can decide for yourself if humans are intelligent or not -RRB- . There 's a lion species that growls a lot , hawks that can fly , some weird psychic species with squid-like appendages , a group that resembles Tolkien 's elves , and dragons . For some reason it is a great secret that dragons can actually turn into ... -LRB- wait for it -RRB- ... dragons . If that was not enough , the author felt the need to include the possibility of vampires , angels , and space aliens . And while this may seem like a large fantasy world , all of the action takes place within easy walking distance . Even the lawless fiefs , where children die on the streets and monsters roam , are across the bridge from town.As other reviewers have suggested , you do n't learn enough about any of the characters to care what happens to them in the end . Since the entire story is told from the perspective of Kaylin , I do n't know why it is told in the third person . It can be very distracting as can the author 's tendency to emphasize phrases by separating them into sentence fragments . `` There was great sadness . In his eyes . `` My greatest complaint , and the reason I rated the book so low , was nothing was resolved . The book is over 500 pages and it is all set up for the next book . What I find inexcusable is that the reasons for all of these events are not explained and you are made to feel stupid that you do n't understand . There is a great deal made of the fact that Kaylin did n't pay attention in class so is missing much of the knowledge that would ties the pieces together . Is it going to take three or four more books before the framework is built or will the author just keep dabbling out secrets here and there ? I , for one , will not be finding out .
 I have to wholeheartedly agree with E. Llado . I picked up this book because it seemed like something I would enjoy . The premise was promising and the world Sagara created had so much potential . I started to worry when I realized I was two thirds of the way through the book and still waiting for a moment of clarity -- the moment in a book where everything you 've read so far comes together to give you a clear picture of the world the book is set in . My impression of the setting and the people is fuzzy , at best.I found the character development weak and I did n't empathize with the main character at all . The writing was choppy and I found it exceedingly difficult to focus on the story as random , tangential comments seem to pop up and throw me out of the story as soon as I got into it . I was left wishing the characters were developed more
 Wow , Kaylin , neither did I!I really wanted to enjoy this book , but I feel like I 've been left scratching my head . Several times in the book , the heroine says `` I do n't understand . '' or others ask her `` do n't you understand ? '' And she does n't understand anything going on , so how am I supposed to understand ? And the worst part is that after they ask her that , THEY DO N'T EXPLAIN!Kaylin is a `` hawk , '' which means she part of law enforcement . She was born in the slums and left at 13 after some traumatic event . Children were being slaughtered in the slums and it 's happening again . Now she 's been assigned the case and must revisit her past in order to stop the killings and come to peace with who she is , her magical gifts , and the people who surround her.Sounds good , does n't it ? I thought so.Good points of this book :1 . Entertaining -- Even though I was lost for a lot of the story , it was an entertaining read . I kept reading because I wanted to know the secrets , understand the tattoos , and mere curiosity .2 . Different plot line -- not too strong and a bit confusing , but it was different.Annoying points of this book :1 . Kaylin -- We never get a description of her other than her tattoos . She barely passed her exams to become a hawk , so she does n't seem to understand anything in the world around her that includes multiple species . She is n't a very interesting character . I really did n't care what happened to her , she was very flat , ignorant , childish , and untalented .2 . Elantra -- Too confusing . I do n't know if it was because the story was written from Kaylin 's POV who did n't seem to know anything , but this world she lived it did n't make any sense . There are multiple species , but they all seemed to fall in some sort of clich&eacute; . We were never given any clear description of what the species looked like so it was hard to imagine this world . Not only that , but she seemed to have different names for each species which made things all that more confusing .3 . Too secretive -- This was the MOST annoying . Kaylin states that the immortal species know how to keep a secret and lie more than they state the truth . OK , so how am I supposed to believe anything they DO say , which is n't much . Everyone around her is content to make a small comment in passing that makes no sense and then say , `` I wo n't tell you anymore . '' ooooooooooooooookaaaaaaaaaay ? Because of this , it 's not a mystery that she 's solving , it 's some random events that seem to happen because there are no clues to follow .4 . Too secretive Part 2 -- This book is 507 pages . We learn in the first chapter that she has some magical abilities ... that 's all , that she has `` some magical abilities . '' We do n't learn until page 132 what the gift is , and it 's just lamely stated `` I can heal . '' Then , we do n't learn until another 300 pages or so that she has another ability and what it is . Not only that , but even though she tries to kill Severn in Chapter 2 , we do n't learn until page 279 why she hates him . It 's fine to hold out on the readers -LRB- you know , to create tension & have twists , etc. -RRB- , but when you keep referencing it and do n't explain it ? VERY ANNOYING .5 . Grammar -- So , this is just a minor annoyance , which others have already pointed out . The grammar and sentence structures were pretty poor . It was easy to overlook.All in all , I do n't think I 'll ever pick this one up again . I might for curiosity 's sake read the next in the series to see if it gets any better , but I 'm not holding my breath . I 'm just glad that I picked this up at the library . Read before you buy .
 The book was enjoyable enought to read once , but not enough to re-read when the next book comes out in the series . When I became intrested in this series 6 books were out . I read all six . If I buy it I read it . I 'm 90 % sure I wo n't buy number 7 .
 this is one of the worst books I have read in a long time . And there is so much wrong with it that it is hard to know where to start . The plot is at least interesting but everything else about this book fails . From characterisation , which is embarassingly one dimensional , to world building , which is nonexistant . The main character is supposed to be tough and independant , yet she swoons , whimpers or shudders on nearly every page . Even though it is stated at least twice she was in danger of losing her life by simple murder at the hands of her superiors , these same people spend an incredible amount of time protecting , coddling and fighting over her . As for the world she inhabits , all I can tell is that it is non industrial and the slums are so deadly and so simply evil , that it is ludicrous to believe that anyone actually lives there , or that a small group of children could survive on their own for several years.I really love fantasy novels and I have read an inordinate amount in my 57 years , from Tolkien to modern urban fantasies . Almost all have flaws of one kind or another but each has strengths that overcame the weakness of plot , or of characterisation or of description , but not this fantasy .
 I bought this book a while back but just now got around to reading it . I 'm a fan of luna but I wonder what they thought when they were reading this . Its really confusing in the beginning throwing characters in there that dont have much of an explaination since they are n't human . It would have been better for me if there were more details about their society since its other worldly like , to be honest I dont feel anything towards the characters . If one of them died , I 'd be like oh well I guess . The main character is double sided , like she wants to still be friends with Severn , yet killing him at the same time ?? Its mainly lacking alot of explaination . But I will trudge on and finish it and probably read the others since I already bought them , which I know regret . I had high hopes from the 5 star rating i saw . Just proves to show I need to read the first one before purchasing the books that follow after . Hope this review helps .
 I agree with Daniel Crew of Nashville . This book has a few gem in it but it takes too much effort to dig them out . Dont get me wrong , I think highly of De Bono 's thinking tools but this book failed to deliver against the expectations he never stop building up through out the entire book . AND he came across as a really insecure person because he constantly need to give himself credit for ideas he has already established as ` his ' - which is irritating.He did a pretty good job of explaining why the current system of thinking is archaic but he failed to explain in a simple and clear manner the solution that he is proposing - that is because he only made references to them - you wont find them in the book , you need to go out and buy more of his books to learn about those methodologies.So , this book ended up sounding like a really long brochure on why you need to use his thinking tools and methodology . Save yourself the time and money . Just go out and buy Six Thinking Hats and the other books . He does a pretty good job in explaininig why the tools work and why you need them there again .
 Lateral thinking is right-brain processing . de Bono didnt invent anything new.I 'm a de Bono fan going back to 1968 and his book NEW THINK . But since 1972 , or so , all de Bono does is repackage NEW THINK and sell it to new converts and acolytes .
 This book is not worth the time to read or even browse . Stick with his `` Five Day Course in Thinking '' if you can find a copy or his `` Thinking Course . ''
 Perhaps I have read too many book dealing with similar topics but I found this book `` underwhelming '' . This book lacks substance ; focusing more on pseudo-academic referencing and plugs for the author 's other books , workshops , and CDs . Perhaps if he were truly blazing new ground this might be acceptable . Unfortunately much of the information is `` old hat '' if you have read the far superior `` How real is real ? '' by Paul Warzlawick , `` Quantum Consciousness '' by Stephen Wholinsky , or even the works of Robert Anton Wilson -LRB- Fiction or Non-Fiction -RRB- . That said , the best part of the book , in my opinion , was his explorations and anecdotes about humor . In the end , unless you are a nut for this subject or looking for a second tier reference I would try other books . I freely admit that I have not read Edward De Bono 's other works and would still consider reading them after a good browsing to make sure they do not resemble this book . Sorry Edward ; nice concept but poor execution .
 For the most part , this book seemed contrived and impractical . There are a few good ideas in here , but they are buried . It takes a lot of effort to sort through and pull them out . I have three main beefs with the book :1 -RRB- The author refers to himself and his works WAY too often . There is definitely more than Narcism there , I think maybe he is his own hero . But I do n't find lateral thinking to be that fascinating . He satkes his reputation on this concept . `` Lateral Thinking '' is the same thing as `` mechanized creativity . `` 2 -RRB- There is a fundamental flaw in the book that shoots itself down . The entire book is about how we should avoid absolutes and deal with perceptions instead of concrete facts . Then it proceeds to claim that the author was `` right '' about this and that in previous works and it makes assumptions like that more food production is a goal to aspire to . Ultimately , this is a good `` exploration '' of a subject the author has not applied to himself . As such , I do n't feel he should be regarded as speaking with authority .3 -RRB- It is about 200 pages too long . There are 3 redundant forwards , followed by a lengthy introduction -LRB- 32 pages -RRB- , followed by a redundant introductory section . On page 110 , the author is still referring to things he intends to do with the book . Do n't talk it up , just do it.There are more than 70 pages building up what the book will do , and the rest of the book just fails to live up . ONE of the THREE Forwards says that the book is in simple terms because De Bono is a master and can dumb it down . Not so . It is in simple terms because it is not a complete concept and the whole book is filled with testaments to the author 's lack of understanding of his own concepts.All that said , I actually do enjoy the `` lateral thinking '' exercises of De Bono . I suggest spending your reading time there instead of here .
 As a criminal prosecutor who prosecutes individuals who murder and attempt to murder police officers , I have a vested interest in understanding society 's relationship , expectations , and criticism of police officers . I had high expectations for this book , to get a better feeling of why society does not , in my opinion , properly support officers involved in deadly force encounters.Unfortuantely , all I learned from the book was what I already knew . Society as a whole does not support officers in deadly force encounters , nor do their law enforcement managers in many instances . What I still have failed to learn as much as I would like is why . This book fell very short is exploring non-law enforcement views toward the police or analyzing why there is a lack of support . Is it a liberal media bias ? Is it more concern for risk management and lawsuits ? Is it a perception that law enforcement got away with too much in the past , and now they are not believed or supported ? Is it a concern that by speaking up in favor of the police you could be subject to social criticism?I just do n't know , and this book failed to help . I much preferred reading `` On Combat '' by Col. Dave Grossman . At least in that book he attempts to explain the relationship between law enforcement -LRB- sheep dogs -RRB- and society -LRB- sheep -RRB- relative to criminals -LRB- wolves -RRB- .
 This is a reprint of a story from a former era when it was not only apparently acceptible , but actually romantic for a man to become obsessed with a woman he does n't know , repeatedly watch her from a distance without her knowledge , and then lie to her about knowing who she is when circumstance causes them to meet -LRB- he 's watching her again when she is finally made aware of his presence -RRB- . I found this to be far more creepy than romantic . It 's interesting that this title was determined worthy of reprint at this time . It 's worth reading only by someone interested in the idea that this could have been considered the beginning of a healthy relationship a generation ago .
 Kyla 's behavior through out this whole book came across as irrational . When she wasnt talking to herself about how much she still loved her dead hubby , she was actting selfish and just plain self absorbed . When she finds out about Trav 's lies , she then turns into giantic , rightous bitch.This book would 've been half way decent if the heroine could 've been more lovable or more reasonable . . her love for her dead hubby came across as unbeliveable . . if she did love him al ALL at any point in her life.Get ready to spend your afternoon annoyed to all hell , if you do decide to try this book . Not one of her better books , at all ...
 Sandra Brown is a wonderful story teller who is usually so adept at developing characters and designing surprising and intricate plots . However , with this novel I had to force myself to continue reading the novel after discovering the quintessential letters were sappy and sadly lacking . If like me , you are a Sandra Brown fan , just skip this one and go on to another of her novels .
 this book is not one of her bests . i found it boring and that i was struggling through it . when i read the intro it sounded good but then when i started reading i just did n't like it at all . i mean it was basically an on going battle between Trevor trying to make her love him and her protesting because she loved Richard . it was just sooo boring !
 I found this book by Sandra Brown to be incredibly boring . It was very annoying how Kyla was trying to be faithful to her deceased husband throughout the book . This book just did nothing for me .
 I am no prude but this book was a little too revealing for my taste . It was n't a classy love story . It was basically pornographic in some parts . And the whining by Kayla . It went on and on .
 Do n't be fooled by the inscription on the cover . This book is classic only in the Harlequin Romance sense . The premise could have been interesting if the story itself was n't so annoying . The main characters are a man driven by an obsession and a compulsively grieving widow . I felt like handing out referrals to a good psychologist . The language is stilted and slightly off-putting . There are a few moments in the book which could be touching , but were handled ineptly by the writer .
 I picked this book up at the airport to kill time . The book was so bad that I threw it in the trashcan to make sure no one else had a chance to waste their time . Kyla 's irrational attachment to her dead husband was increadibly annoying . She needed counseling and it does n't look like she had any . Someone else mentioned to skip this book and go to another . I will read another Sandra Brown book , but if the next one is as silly as this one , then I 'll be through with her .
 Received the book in a timely fashion but the CD-ROM and the Timeline were NOT included . This should have been clearly stated in the listing ! The Timeline was to be a 60th birthday present for my twin sister .
 I was suppose to receive my book no later than september 7th and I just received it on sept 17th . also the bag was torn the c.d. with the book is gone and there is no packageing slip . I had never had this type of experience I am very disappointed
 Regardless of their orientation in politics , I think most people would agree that a dictionary should give objective definitions of ideas , not opinions of the author . This `` dictionary '' does not have an ounce of objectivity in it . The author frequently substitutes his opinion of an idea for the definition of it.Also , given the price , I expected a bigger book . It 's not very large , though admittedly it has had most of the terms I wanted to look up in it.If I knew of a better dictionary for politics I would recommend it ; since I do n't , I simply recommend not wasting your money on this one .
 Breaking up is the catalyst that will transform the lives for four people . Lucy Miller-Materson finds that her husband , who has recently flipped out in front of their family , has made one New Year 's resolution , to leave her . Her sister 's life of serial monogamy 's most recent break up has left Miranda with many regrets , and what if 's . Miranda 's new room-mate and the girl Lucy has recently hired as an assitant , Roxy , walked out of her own wedding , and Christopher , the single father competing with Lucy for a promotion , faces the challenges of being a noncustodial dad on a daily basis.Told from each of their points of view , this story often seems very disjointed . However , the fact that each does manage to make a comeback from disaster is noteworthy . Yet , a cleaner ending without more resolution would have been appreciated.Amanda Killgore
 I never write Amazon reviews but this book was so disappointing . Many of the characters outside of the 5 main characters were disgusting , rude and downright evil yet NOBODY cussed them out . I did n't understand why they were swallowing such hateful behaviour . Lucy 's husband Larry was childish and immature and the second time he asked her to take care of Amelia 's emotional needs while he ducked responsibility , Lucy should have told him off . Yet she did n't . Miranda took abuse from her ex-boyfriend 's GIRLFRIEND and then some so called friend whose wedding she was ousted from for no real reason . Yet again , Miranda shows up at the wedding and the bride is disgusting to her even then . Why were they friends in the first place?Christopher should have called a lawyer the first time Jodie freaked out at him but he still let her boss him around in the meanest possible way . I understand that his motivation was to stay connected to his daughter but he is the father , he could tell the wife to stop bossing him around . And then the turn around after her new boyfriend asks to adopt his daughter was ridiculous . It just did n't hold up.The only storyline that seemed to make a little bit of sense was Roxy 's . I wish the book was about her . I liked the other characters but I did n't like how they behaved or let others talk to them . The book felt disjointed . I did n't believe that they needed a Breakup club . That seemed like a last minute way to connect all the stories . Then the ending was too pact and I did n't feel like much was resolved . None of the characters -LRB- except Roxy -RRB- grew or changed or learned anything from their experiences . They just went on with their lives.The characters deserved better.I really wanted to like this book but I just flat out did n't .
 This book is a bit of a disappointment . Although it contains some beautiful , artistic pictures , I was looking for a book that would highlight all the specific cities and villages with actual photos -- not artsy shots . I wanted a book that would remind me of my trip to Nice , Monaco etc. and this one does not .
 If you want to know what items like clothes , personal effects of MM , and fan magazines are worth at recent auctions this book is for you . If you want to know anything else , FORGET IT !
 A year ago I 've red Brett Steenbarger his first bookThe Psychology of Trading
 I could n't sleep tonight so I decided to read this book . Steenbarger is an excellent writer and can definitely tell a good story , but the problem is , and it 's a large one , it 's very jumbled and interrupted with another recommendation for another book that he thinks is great but tells you little about . And so it goes . Halfway through I began to wonder if any of this would change . I continued on , and the answer is no . Lots and lots recommendations , some stories about his ABC plan . Not much value overall . I 'd give it a pass . / TKL
 To correct the previous reviewer - Wilson did not think separation of power did n't exist , but that in reality they should n't exist . If you favor a historicist government unlimited in size and scope , and reject the universal truths espoused in the Declaration of Independence , then this is your book and Wilson is your man .
 Hemingway was a genius , who 's produced timeless works of art , but that does n't make him a nice person.He liked travelling to Africa with big guns in his suitcase to shoot at animals who never hurt him , he presented women as cold-blooded beaches , and loved watching Spanish gypsies playing around with ` harmless ' bulls for a few minutes before killing them . Notice the word ` harmless '
 It was hard to believe I was reading Hemingway - but then again , not really . His style of rambling sentences and thoughts was there . But he jumped around a lot . And the subject matter -LRB- an insider view of bullfighting -RRB- was despicable . Most of the book was spent trying to demonstrate that one was close-minded if one did not appreciate the art of the bullfight instead of getting hung up on the petty issue of the goring of the horses and the killing of the bulls . It was the first book in as long as I can remember that I did not finish . I kept saying it had to get better , since this was Hemingway . Instead , it kept getting worse .
 I read this book for the literary circle at my high school , and we unanimously declared it the worst thing we had ever read . It had no structure , so it appeared to be a mixed-up jumble of thoughts . Since there was no structure , the author strays off the `` topic '' -LRB- supposedly bullfights -RRB- quite frequently into little discussions about `` venereal diseases '' , which he claims are relevant as they are a cause of death to many bullfighters.Perhaps if you have a Spanish background or love bullfighting , or possibly Ernest Hemmingway , it is possible you could relate to this book and enjoy it.Please note that our lit . circle read other books by Ernest Hemmingway . Those books , including `` A Farewell to Arms '' , `` The Old Man and the Sea '' , and `` The Sun Also Rises '' , are definitely worth the read . Just because you liked other books by the same author , please do not assume you will like this one . I LOVED `` The Old Man and the Sea '' and `` The Sun Also Rises '' , but I could n't stand this book .
 First time reader of Hemingway , thought it what have some merit ; disappointed .
 Hemmingway may be a classic - but that does n't mean this book has any place in literary history.How can an intelligent person defend a blood sport between man and animal that is unfair from the get-go ? In bullfighting , the bull , whether he wins the fight or not , will always be sent to a gruesome death . It is a hideous , cruel sport that every Spaniard and supporter , should be ashamed of . Why it has not been outlawed , is a disgrace.Burn this book !
 I usually enjoy reading this author however that was not the case in this particular title . The plot was too drawn out .
 This book started out with a good premise and a good start to the story . Drama in the ER and he is there to help her after it is over - they get to know each other - they are both cautious about entering into a relationship but they fall in love . However , the book did not live up to its promise and it was very disappointing adn frustrating.Dr . Malllory Russell is an ER doctor dedicated to her work with little time for friends . The book does little to explore her solitary life and other than mentioning that she has a sister , the book does not go into their relationship.Dr . Brad Clayton is a pediatric surgeon who seems to be more of a regular pediatrician than a surgeon . The back cover describes him as wounded and lonely but there is little done to explore this . He did have tragedy in his childhood but the book does not explore how this shaped his inability to maintain a meaningful relationship with a woman.It was very frustrating to read this book not only because it did not fit with the descriptions but also , it was too disjointed . Often the author would throw in facts that the characters were aware of but there would be no led up to them . For examples , the characters would reference conversations or events that supposedly occurred during the character 's involvement , but these did not occur in the book . Also , when Mallory was talking to Brad about his family in their second conversation , she knew all of his family details which he had never told her before . It was as if the author was rushing and there was too much editing so alot of details were cut or left out . I found myself having to reread the book several times to find out when something occurred or if I missed something.The book also took alot of liberties with time lines and hospital administration matters . Brad is supposed to be a pediatric surgeon who is the head of his own unit . However , he is only 30 if you believe the time line that the author puts in the book . Mallory states that she is 32 . Yet she is only a first year resident . Even allowing for the time that she was out of school - 2 years , this time line is not consistent with reality . There were also alot of other inconsistencies which made reading this book very frustrating for me.Also , the appeareance of some of the family members seemed forced and unnecessary to the story . The appearance of the sister Rosa seemed to be in the book solely to set Rosa up as the heroine of the next book . I found two of the scenes with her to be annoying and totally a waste of page space . Should have cut these scenes and used the space to flesh the story out better.Normally I love medical romances . I love the drama and romance in a hospital setting . And like I said , this book started out with a lot of promise . However , it did not live up to it . I kept hoping it would get better but it did not . While reading this book , I kept feeling like it should be dark outside instead of daytime and reading it actually pulled me down . I knew it would have a happy ending because it is a Harlequin after all but frankly , I stopped caring whether they lived happily ever affter and I only finished it out of respect for the $ 4.99 I spent.I hope this author 's other books are better but I will only find out at the library .
 This is a very good cookbook , but only in traditional format . Unfortunately it does not have an indexed table of contents rendering the Kindle version nearly useless as a reference book which is ultimately what a cookbook is . Cookbook authors who publish ebooks please do your homework and think of what you are doing .
 Having only read the two Dune novels and having loved the first one so much , I could n't believe how dull this one was . What a huge let down . Do I even dare reading the third , fourth and fifth . No ; I sleep well enough as it is .
 I finished this book but chose not to continue with the series . While I do n't need a Disney finish to books I 'm sensitive to the overall mood of a story . For me this book , all through it , had a depressing heavy feeling to it like all hope or hapiness was sucked right out of me . There has to be some sad or not so good parts in a book scattered throughout , but what I found in this book is that there is a depressing feeling that permeates from start to finish . I was disapointed because I know from the reviews and people I know who have read it that this is a great SF series ... but like all styles it is not for everyone .
 This is one of those rare occasions where the movie is actually better than the book ! The author spent to much time describing the sand and other such nonsense . Bot the politics of the book and the Fremen people were pretty cool .
 This book moves away from what makes the first book so appealing . Instead it focuses on the stupid back stabbing and wrangling for position of the king of Dune . This creates a slow book that does n't develop characters . Where I hated to put Dune down I now wish the planet did n't exist .
 Come on ! This book is over rated . It is an amusing story but unengaging . The characters are cold and it is difficult to empathise with them . I did read the next two books to see how the story was resolved ... but it was n't , it turned into the X-files ! i.e. continuous suspense , convolutions , but no resolution . A story must have a beginning , middle , and , and , um , an end ? The recent appearance of the Dune ` brand extension ' books `` House Atreides '' and '' ` Harkonen '' confirm that the story continues , be it chronologically before or after the original Dune . Should have been a trilogy at most .
 Let me preface this review by saying that I believe Dune is one of the greatest books ever written . And to judge any subsequent work to such a masterpiece is unfair . However , DM is everything that the original is not . And a brief look reveals its many flaws . This book is and I believe was intended to be a bridge novel between the heights set in Dune and the continuation of the story in Children of Dune -LRB- which was as far as Herbert originally intended to go . And the book reads just like a bridge , short , boring , and predictable . It 's almost as if Herbert wrote this book over the Summer just to make a quick buck . Duller than dishwater , this book lacks creativity , lacks imagination . There 's absolutely no excitement , no suspense . But if you short , morbid , depressing books , then this is the perfect read.Set 12 years after Dune , the jihad unleashed by Muad ` Dib has spread off planet and cost billions of lives . Not suprisingly , Muad ` Dib now has many enemies . Chief among them are the spacing guild , Princess Irulan , and the Tlexau . And you 'd think they would be the first 3 targets of the jihad . It 's funny how the jihad has managed to destroy everyone who could possible oppose them but their actual ememies!Princess Irulan is another matter . She has no right to be in this book . At the end of Dune Paul marries her to justify his ascension to the throne , but he already controls the spice , has defeated the emperor , so why bother with the marriage ? He 's about to launch his jihad to kill off anyone who would oppose him anyway . And if we buy Herbert 's reason for the nuptials , then Irulan would be the empress , holding the cards to make Paul the emperor.But in Dune Messiah , Paul is the emperor and Irulun is the empress wannabe , so the impetus for Irulan 's anger should n't exist . In Messiah Paul complains he is unable to control his jihad . He 's in power , so it 's simple , do n't tell the fremen these other planets exist . Or have the spacing guild send them to uninhabited worlds . They wo n't know the difference anyway.So I disagree that this book was the inevitable outcome of what transpired in Dune . And if anything it is what least likely would have happened . In my view , internal problems would have caused Muad ` Dibs downfall long before his enemies got to him . -LRB- similar to how the Mongol empire created by Genghis Khan quickly feel apart under its own weight -RRB- . But then again a book about a sagging economony and internal corruption would have been as boring as this book .
 I really wanted to like Dune . I really did . But I just could n't . There 's enough here that I did n't like that I just ca n't put aside ; and I stress that these are just my opinions and interpretations of the book , and therefore possibly be irrelevant to people who have different preferences . Skip to the end for a short version of my perceptions of this book.To start with the good - the world of Dune here is excellent . The world is generally consistent , with a good deal of thought put into the various aspects of culture and their interactions with the physical world they 're placed in . For the better part , Herbert lets this come out naturally ; it 's mostly incidental instead of gigantic slabs of information.But , for me at least , this was n't enough . The characters did n't interest me . Oh , there were a few secondary characters who piqued my interest , but other than that there 's nobody I really wanted to read more about . Maybe this has something to do with how all the characters subscribe to the same basic Machiavellian political theory , which more or less deflates their conflicts . Maybe it 's the way that Herbert both shows and tells far more than he should , getting inside multiple characters perspectives during a single scene , which removes any suspense or speculation ; that typically only works when the characters are on the same side . I do n't know . I just did n't care for them.Another problem here are my perceived inconsistencies . For example , the main commodity in this story is shopped around the various Houses , basically like a contract . I ca n't figure out why the other main players , eg emperor and Bene Gesserit , are n't making more serious attempts to control this commodity ; it 's outright stated that it 's a staple good that is hugely valuable . Especially given the capacity that these main players have to act in their interests so freely.The technology also confused me ; I got the stuff about artificial intelligence being bad , but come on , there 's a possibility for such a wide expanse of technology without it being AI . Maybe it 's because the story was written in the 1960 's , so maybe this criticism is a bit unfair . But then they 're trained in hand-to-hand combat , even though they have shields that can protect them from those weapons completely . There 's a disconnect there between that and the politics that the characters get themselves involved in , I just ca n't resolve it in my head.A central character , who 's supposed to have undergone some of the most thorough psychological training to prepare him for his job and to resist being broken . How is he broken ? His wife is kidnapped . While it 's a touching moment in a book that does n't have many , it does n't make sense . That would , logically , be one of the first things you 'd be prepared against . Other characters are supposed to be incredibly intelligent and excellent at critical thought , but then fail to display that . So on and so forth . It killed my suspension of disbelief.Herbert 's writing style also grates with me . It 's not all bad , but it just seems as though he did n't quite know how to get things from his head onto the page ; the result is , in my opinion , an awkward , cluttered prose . The pacing is poor . Too much telling , especially in establishing character relationships . Then there are sections where a bit of exposition IS required and instead there 's only showing -LRB- a good example is when the ecologist is talking about `` tipping '' the ecosystem - i 'm no stranger to climate science , but I had to read this half a dozen times before it started making sense -RRB- . There are other things i 've probably forgotten , but these are my main gripes . Again , I wanted to like this book , I just could n't . I have to have a reason to immerse myself in the world so deeply as to gain the same knowledge as hardcore fans ; I could n't find that reason in this book.So long story short
 Look , I love Herbert , and I love Dune , and I just got a Kindle for Christmas , so I figured I would get at least the first three books , but , guys ? You might want to take a look at your pricing , there . I am NOT going to pay MORE for the Kindle edition than for the paperback . Particularly not for a book I already own , just for the convenience of reading it Kindle-ized . I hope that is some kind of silly , easily fixed error . Oh , and guys ? Also not paying more than four bucks for an e-version a book as short as Dune Messiah . If the publishers are making you do this , feel free to forward this review to them .
 `` Dune '' is a wonderful book . I read it years ago and loved Herbert 's talent for world-building . `` Fear is the mindkiller ... '' is a mantra that I 've used over and over.So why am I giving it a 1 star rating ? Like other Kindle readers , I 'm appalled at the price , which is actually higher than the price for the hardback . As other reviewers have pointed out , the Kindle edition is also highly flawed -- formatting and spelling errors abound . Is it so much to ask the publisher to get it right ? Also , this is a 40 year old book . Penguin has no business charging this much for a non-print edition of a book that is readily available in multiple editions used and is ten bucks new in paper .
 Dune is one of my favorite books -LRB- series ! -RRB- ever . But after reading the reviews here -LRB- and on iBooks -RRB- and after reading a few pages on a friends ' Kindle all I can say is shame on you Amazon -LRB- and Apple -RRB- . C'mon folks . At least run a frickin ' spell checker before you try to screw me out of 15 bucks ! The translation from the original is abysmal .
 When I first read Dune , I became obsessed . what a great storyline ! It had just about everything I 've been looking for in Science-Fiction , such as a really complex plot and an almost complete lack of cliches , among other things.Then I picked up all the other Dune books -LRB- Including Dune
 Why is the kindle version more expensive than a hard copy ? I thought it was suppose to go the other way ! Do n't get it . Could someone explain this phenomenon .
 I had this book . I 've read it twice . When I moved I left it so that the next person would be able to read it and enjoy it , knowing that I would probably get a digital version the next time I wanted to read it . $ 14.99 for a 40 year old book that can be picked up in innumerable used book stores ? That much for a book that is 40 years old ? There 's no reason for it to be more expensive than a print version . Now , instead of buying it , I 'm going to pass . I 'm also going to pass on all the sequels I might have bought after it , and all because Penguin does n't understand the digital world yet . Readers should n't have to pay for a publisher 's mistake . Set a reasonable price for this book , and I 'd happily purchase it !
 The product detail states Conner O'brien is the narrator -LRB- whom my daughter wanted -RRB- but it was n't him after all ... it 's Scott Brick ... I ordered this under the assumption it was Conner and would n't have had I known ... This may not be a big deal breaker for some people but if your going to put the name of the narrator in the product details at least get it right ... Scott Bricks voice is irratating to my daughter ... different things bother different people and we need the right information to make an informed decision before buying a product ... . The book how ever is fantastic if you do n't mind a slow start ... get past the first chapter and you 'll love it as millions have ... thanks for listening ...
 Underlying the structure and presentation of Dune are a number of disturbing presumptions . Together they conspire to make Dune intellectually depressing . I think very few readers would finish the book feeling `` good '' . I agree that the effort in imagining the various groups portrayed , their customs , the ecology of Dune and the worms , all this is a magnificent achievement by the author . However , for me , the psychological world inhabited by his characters was much less varied and much less involving
 Give me a break . 14 bucks for an e-book . I 'll make sure to check for Penguin on other e-books and avoid them also .
 The re-listed Kindle edition of this book still contains a ridiculous number of typographical errors .
 This may be the most overrated book of all time . I had expected to like it a lot , but the reality was otherwise.First , let 's start with the good
 Many readers often incorrectly guess the title as being inspired by the desert regions of Saudi Arabia . While the massive machines of the oil refineries of Arabia and the Northwest are in part , the author was more inclined towards the fragile ecology of the duneform stuctures near Reedsport , Oregon ... Often difficult to suppose the author 's real meaning.Interesting book .
 Lot 's of hype , good substance/plot/characters , but no suspense . There is a lot to slog through and this book is slow reading . I did have to put it down after ^ 150 pages because after a while , I just was n't interested . Who are these Dune cultists ? Living in a big city , I ca n't say I 've met one .
 I must admit I heard a lot about the book prior to reading it
 A famous quote in the book is , `` Fear is the mind-killer '' . I agree if you fear reading boring books as alternative to treating insominia.There were some good parts of the book that sparked interest , but they were few and far in between.I read the marketing ploys trying to convince the LOR fans that Dune was their science fiction savior . It 's pure nonsense.What I ca n't understand is how overrated this book was . Even English majors I know gave me positive accounts of this book .
 ... but I honestly do n't see what 's so great about this book . Daniel Keyes ' `` Flowers for Algernon '' and Arthur C. Clarke 's `` Childhood 's End '' are both better science fiction stories than Dune . They make powerful , emotional statements about the human condition without rambling on incessingly or clogging the pages with useless action scenes . If you want epic literature , read Lord ot the Rings . That story about an innocent hobbit thrown into a destructive war is a million times more epic and personable than this rambling nonsence about a superhuman destined for greatness since birth . Everything is predictable about the plot , not to mention the fact that Paul is next to impossible to relate to.On the other hand , Frank Herbert DID exert a lot of artistic effort into this , which is to be commeneded . Perhaps he should have exerted this effort into a better idea .
 A friend told me that DUNE was different from the run of the mill sci-fi endless spillage of adverbs and adjectives . After three chapters of the most tedious and unnecessary descriptions of the tiniest details I decided he did n't know what he was talking about . Boring junk with a capital J !
 I loved the book Dune , but the `` Dune Audio Collection '' was a big disappointment . It included some selections from the book and jumped around . Scene one
 After 10 pages everybody could guess the end.I just hate predictable book the first part of this book is worth reading but if your not an hard core sci-fi fan drop it after .
 You have to give Frank Herbert credit for having a great imagination and stamina . That 's about all you have to give him credit for.The plot is cumbersome . The characters have no charisma . The whole idea of this high culture developing on this barren rock seems pretty far-fetched . Herbert 's invented ceremonies and cultural mores are wonderful , but they ca n't support the bloated story and anemic characters . Masochism not being my strong suit , I gave up on this one after about a hundred pages .
 It really puzzles me how this book could have so many five stars . How a slow book like this could achieve a rating close to Ender 's Game is indeed quite incomprehensible . Are there many fans from the 1960s editions rating it ?
 How can anyone find Dune to be entertaining . Frank Herbert rambles on incessantly about politics , religion , and society . There is little action and Herbert never goes into detail about the technologies of his universe . However , he never seems to shut up about his philosophy either . This is a VERY tedious book . The concept is quite fascinating , but the book itself lacks the entertainment factor .
 I find it hard to believe this is also a Frank Herbert book , after reading the great `` Dune '' . I understand the book is a collection of serial installments published in a scifi magazine , and that is exactly how it reads . There is none of the character development we find in the original except for the revived Duncan Idaho who struggles between two masters . You never find out why he decides to stay on the side of Paul at the end , one point of the novel that I thought might be interesting.There was n't much talk about water this time either , one of the good parts of the first book . It seemed like Arrakis was becoming more moist , people were n't hoarding water as much as they did in the first novel , but why ? Had some scientific plan for the distribution of the stored water in the cave gone into effect ? If this was discussed I missed it . At the end I was basically forcing myself to finish it . I will read the rest of the series but I sure hope they 're closer to the original than this book was .
 I admit , I am not an avid Sci-Fi reader ; but I thought I 'd give the genre another shot with reading this novel . Dune , does manage to avoid a few of the literary pitfalls I 've observed in other Sci-Fi books . First , Dune does not use technology or gadgetry as a crutch for a poor plot or characters development . The setting and mythology of Dune is interesting and unique ; although it seems very contrived . As one example , the political/ecomonmic balance between the high houses , the imperium , choam , and the spacing guild , I find to be unbelievable ; the political system that Herbert portrays simply is n't stable . Of course , it is a work of fiction and such contrivances go along with being in the genre.Really , I think the biggest dissapointment of Dune is the character depth . Herbert has gone out of his way to construct a set of amazingly powerful -LRB- albeit grotesque -RRB- characters . There are Mentats -LRB- the ulimate logical stratigests -RRB- , Bene Gesserit -LRB- basically female jedi , without the light sabers -RRB- , suks -LRB- highly trained doctors -RRB- , sadukar -LRB- warriors that are known to be the best in the universe -RRB- , and freeman -LRB- survivors and better fighters than sadukar > . > -RRB- . In Dune you have a cast of characters , almost all with some uncanny ability , all trying to interact . On a literary level this is ambitious to say the least ; and , in the end , characters do not balance well at all . The irony of reading dune is that one is seemingly immeresed in conversations of subtlties , multiple meanings , deceptions etc etc ; but the nature of the characters make the conversations dull and predictable -LRB- not to mention how the narration points out every single nuance of what is said -RRB- . There is no true subtlties in dune ; the predictability of the characters and the narration kill it all . In the end , the characters are little more than what they are trained to be . Almost EVERYTHING Jessica does in Dune is via her training ; she truly thinks for herself a handful of times in the book . Paul is the most dissapointing , someone who is painted as this truly infallible entity does n't develop at all over the course of the novel ; and despite being a messiah , does not raise the level of his thinking at all beyond that of a political creature -LRB- he has premonitions of jihad etc , but he really does little beyond worry about his visions -RRB- . After reading the book , I really felt no attachement to the main characters of this book ; they were just too flat and uninteresting.Dune is an interesting book for it 's unique setting and fairly engrossing plot . As for religious , philisophical , sociological , and deeper literary points of interest ; there are much better books to read out there .
 I am a life-long SF fan and finally got around to reading Dune for the first time in my 31st year . I was very disappointed . I can not come anywhere close to agreeing with its ` title ' of SF 's grand masterpiece . I found the writing unsatisfying and quite dated . Too much drug use stuff -LRB- boy , you can tell it was written in the sixties ! -RRB- , too much exposition , and too little character development -LRB- of everyone but Paul at least , who I really got too much of -RRB- . Potentially interesting minor characters are introduced , only to be killed off in very vague ways before they can really be developed . The spacing Guild and how they use the spice is never really explained , nor is CHOAM and the endless , sketchy references to it . The Emperor -LRB- and the Guild for that matter -RRB- , very important characters , are never even seen until the very end , and ALL the action takes place in the last 50 pages or so . However , the worst part is the ending ; the one-on-one fight with Feyd is very predictable , and I was seriously expecting to turn the page to another chapter when it ended ; terrible ending , quite a let down.The bad stuff being said , the book does get progressively better as it goes along ; or at least less boring . And it does paint an intriguing picture of Arrakis , I do now find myself interested in Dune itself , and that is a very original and interesting part of the story . I have been anxious to finish the book and watch the movies . I do find myself thinking about stuff from the book , so it does kindof ` get under your skin ' I think , even if like me you do n't think its very good.I guess I was expecting it to be the Lord of the Rings of Sci-Fi , but it does not even come close . If you want a grand epic that is the pinnacle of its genre -LRB- fantasy , in that case -RRB- I recommend you stick with it . Dune is quite a let down by comparison .
 Having heard about this book as one of THE science-fiction classics for years - and had a friend who talked enthusiastically about the Bene Gesserit - I finally decided to give it a try . I can only say I 'm glad it was a $ 5 second-hand copy , because it 's a total waste of money . I 'm not too far in , but the boredom factor is taking over fast , and skimming ahead is n't encouraging me to pursue it . Doom and gloom without a glimmering of the ordinary , let alone humour , isnt ' my cup of tea . For all the time spent on the characters ' thoughts , they do n't seem to come alive . A story needs to grab the reader and get moving faster than this one is doing . The political set-up is not exactly original - feudalism and women as concubines , wives or quasi-nuns - even for 1965 . SF had been doing that for decades , and Herbert does n't seem to have added much to it . But apart from that , it 's the flat , verbose , pretentious writing that really irks me . Herbert reads like he 's some undergraduate who 's overdosed on the more miserable philosophers.Back to the shop for this one ...
 The main reason i picked up this book was because i 'd heard it praised as Science-Fiction 's - Crowning-Achievement . more than a few sci-fi fanatic buddies of mine found this book the dune series frighteningly addictive . they would say things like `` i just got the 6th dune book ! '' while jumping up and down excitedly . one of the best sci-fi authors around , Arthur c. Clarke , even compared Dune to The Lord of the Rings.sadly , at least for me , dune was n't all it was cut out to be.if not downright awful , Dune is _ certainly _ no LOtR . LOtR has characters , history , rich cultures , awesome landscapes , and above all the vivid imagination of a smart , meticulous man behind it.okay , so frank herbert was probably meticulous , considering he had to create the simply massive amount of politics found in Dune . is all the political junk why i gave the book 2 stars ? not quite . politics do n't thrill me , but they do n't bore me to tears either . unfortunately , for some reason Herbert 's endless , tiring banter did.after some deliberation -LRB- after all , i hesitate to call an alleged Masterwork a piece of -LSB- junk -RSB- until i 've thought about the reprecussions of such a statement . -RRB- ... i 've come up with a theory to explain why Dune was so frustrating to read.as the novel progresses , i found myself assaulted by a seemingly endless barrage of events , one taking place right after the other with no warning.although this style is similar to LOtR , and many fantasy/sci-fi works , what is so disheartening about Dune is that the events are not explained thoroughly . sure , Herbert offers a paltry excuse for why the Atriedes and the Harkonnens hate each other , and he tries to summarize why the Emperor wants to kill the Fremen , but his answers lack depth . they do n't make sense.I 'm not sure about others , but when something does n't make sense to me , i do n't believe it . plausibility makes good fiction.inevitably , someone will call me an idiot for not understanding the socio-economic reprecussions of spice production , but this is n't entirely true . i understand it superficially , but herbert does n't give me enough facts or history or first-hand accounts for me to gain a real understanding of his world . it 's almost as though he assumed the reader could see inside of his head , something which we certainly can not.even more disappointing is that Arrakis had SUCH potential -- a desert culture more extreme than any on Earth , a desperate people , a royal feud ... sadly Herbert is so fixated on propagating stereotypes -LRB- Baron Harkonnen , the fat evil homosexual pedophile ... Paul Atriedes , the young handsome messiah who can see into the future ... shall i vomit now ? ... -RRB- and stuffing in as much action and politics as possible that he takes no time to develop the culture , the languages , the history , the characters ... all of the things that would make sludging through 550 pages of political maneuvering worthwhile.the result
 I ca n't help but feel the need to write a less-than-memorable review on these books of Frank Herbert . I 'm on the verge of giving it away , but if you read them , over % 90 of them are people sitting on rock ledges or balconies thinking of plans and plans and plans . The action scenes seemed to be written as if they were afterthoughts , almost a `` by the way '' feeling . The characters were elaborate , but making them ACT was impossible , and that 's why I gave the whole Dune series 2-stars instead of one . If you 're thinking about reading them , ask someone who has already read them and then get a summary ; it 'll be quicker .
 Having been recommended by friends as a must read in the sci-fi genre , I finished reading the original Dune trilogy , expecting something spectacular . Unfortunately , I found myself disappointed and want my time back :-RRB- . Herbert has created a colorful and exotic world . The writing is very detailed . However , I found the series to have too much pretentious babble with little real substance behind it . The first book , Dune , is the best book of series . The second is barely readable . The third one bored me to tears at times . For a classic sci-fi series with real plot twisters -LRB- or `` a feint within a feint within a feint '' in Herbert 's words -RRB- and intelligent discussions , read Isaac Asimov 's Robot series and Foundation series . For a fantasy series with enticing plots and moving character , read Salvatore 's Dark Elf Trilogy .
 I read the many superlative reviews of this book and purchased it last month . I thought the people who wrote in that they could n't finish the book were just being obnoxious . To my dismay , I would have to agree with them . Yes , the plot is fine , and the book is imaginative . The rival families/spice/Gesserit are somewhat interesting . But I had to put the book down 2/3 of the way through . It 's just so boring , and convoluted , I could n't take it . I found no pleasure in having to work through it . Anti-semitic ? I doubt it . Bad grammar in spots ? Yeah sure , but not a big deal.In short , a good book , but clearly not in the same league as J.R.R. Tolkien 's `` The Lord of the Rings . `` P.S. No one talks about this book ... at all . Just wait until Tolkien 's movies come out . See the difference for yourself .
 I 've listened to this book -LRB- from audible.com -RRB- for the last 10 days or so . I selected it because it is supposed to be one of the best sci-fi novels and had great reviews . I have been disappointed.I kept expecting it to get more exciting , more poignant or more enthralling but it never did . Frankly , it was boring.Some of my criticisms
 too long and sluggish . for pot heads and geek
 Like many others , I picked up DUNE based on its broadly accepted status as a SF classic . I do n't read much SF , so I try to get to the Big Books -LRB- War of the Worlds , Ender 's Game , Fahrenheit 451 , `` The Year 's Best '' anthologies , etc -RRB- . This was not a good book . The dialogue is stilted , the characters are caricatures , and everyone 's always `` hissing '' , `` glaring '' , or `` swallowing with a dry throat '' . The plot is interesting enough , but not nearly as complex or Byzantine as I had expected
 It is a shame that the majority of science-fiction is usually grouped into two very deplorable crowds . There is the ` SF ' that leaps and bounds with clich&eacute; settings and strategic contrivances , cheap melodrama , and stifling comic-book characters . The other kind is a mish-mash of pseudo-philosophy , self-righteousness and mindless cosmic diatribes . Dune takes all the worst aspects of both groups and wraps them in a velveteen package.What 's worse is Frank Herbert ca n't write . At all times he is either 1 . Spilling over in verbose , describing repeatedly things we already know and that serve absolutely no aesthetic or meaningful existence -LRB- most likely to fatten his ` epic ' -RRB- or 2 . Infering so poorly to the plot as to cause the uninitiated reader to literally fling the book into the wastebasket and reel in frustration . By itself his writing is so abominable that it may as well have been written by Ayn Rand minus the political gauze . And if you want THAT you might as well go buy Atlas Shrugged instead.When I finally did get to the good parts somewhere down the line -LRB- last 50 pages , give or take -RRB- I learned to accept , by a modicum , Paul 's lack of depth and meandering sensibilities -LRB- throughout the book , mind you -RRB- , the empire 's recalcitrance in the last battle , the Bene Gesserit 's ` secret agenda ' , the all-powerful spacing guild , and melange , the sole miracle drug everyone wants but is too lazy to take the initiative . You honestly ca n't make up some of these concepts . They hang by a tenebrous thread in the cadaverous closet of Mr. Herberts mind and mediocre prose does nothing to bring them to light . Much less epic stature .1 star.P.S.if you want to experience what other , better , writers have done to refurbish this tepid genre and breathe new life into imaginative fiction check out the likes of Jack Vance , Robert Silverberg , Fritz Leiber , George R.R. Martin and Dan Simmons . These are TRUE visionary stylists who write engaging prose and powerful characters you can care about and love . Not like moldering semi-literate ideologues .
 I did n't like the Dune book and here are my reasons why.It should be noted that I 'm rating this book without taking into account at all that it is 49 years old -- had I done so this review would be different.This review might contain spoilers.Having just finished the four novels set in the Hyperion universe and the single short story in the same setting I was shocked that something so great -LRB- the Hyperion series -RRB- could have existed for so long without myself knowing about it . Having grown up as very young with the `` Dune 2 '' real time strategy game on the PC which I have fond memories of I later on always had a strong suspicion that the Dune books must be truly great -- but for some reason I never got around to reading the books despite reading a lot of other fiction . Finally I bought all the books in the Dune series -- I was THAT certain this series must be so good I would want to buy all of them anyway ; or so I 'd been told , things like `` So you thought Hyperion was good ? You should read Dune . '' . I was deeply disappointed . For starters I did n't like the tone and style of writing , but I did n't like Hyperion immediately either , and I went into the book with enthusiasm , a truly open mind and embraced every idea when I started reading and did n't care if things did n't make sense at first.I 'm soon finished with the second book now and here are my thoughts
 I drive a lot and consider the time productive `` reading '' time . I prefer unabridged audiobooks not only because they last longer , but I feel as though if I ca n't physically read it , by listening to the full version , I 'm coming as close as possible.I 've read Dune a couple of times , both as a teenager and adult . I 've also seen the movie and miniseries . I was delighted that it was finally released as an unabridged audiobook and even more pleasantly surprised to find Scott Brick among the readers . For anyone unfamiliar with Brick ; he 's one of the better readers I 've heard and I thoroughly recommend his version of the unabridged `` In Cold Blood '' . But I digress.Unlike many audiobooks , this version of Dune has many `` readers '' . I 'm not quite sure why , but I thought `` okay , let 's see how it goes '' ... and it did n't go terribly well . The dialogue was obviously read at different times by different people . At times you can hear the editing . A conversation supposedly in the same room sounds as though one person is in a bathroom while the other outside the door . Perhaps it 's not the best analogy , but you get the idea.Then , just as you 've gotten used to the voices , the book switches into single-reader format , with one person reading and doing all the dialogue . I 've not quite been able to fathom why and when it is supposed to happen . At first I thought it might be in alternating chapters , but it is n't . The major problem with this is that you get used to hearing someone and then it changes . You hear a woman speaking in a woman 's voice . A short time later her lines are being read by a male reader . A little further on it 's back to the woman . With a diverse cast of readers and different accents , it gets really confusing.I could have lived with multiple readers , editing issues and all if the publishers had stuck to that format and not moved back and forth between single/multiple readers . I can find no explanation as to why they did this . On the Macmillan website are lots of testimonials notes and a `` how they did it '' video but nothing to explain the discrepancy.And surely they must have realized that Baron Harkonnen sounds almost exectly the same as Darth Vader ... come on guys ... So - listener be warned . You might want to have read the book first because the voice mix-up may throw you a curve ball.It 's a pity that the presentation in this case has tarnished what should have been a very worthwhile effort . I 'm giving it 2 stars because of the story , but only 2 stars because of the presentation . I am very glad I did n't pay full retail for it because at close to $ 60 it would have been a very expensive disappointment .
 I read the Dune novels as a teenager and recently started re-reading them 15 years later.Dune Messiah is exactly as I remembered it
 If you have never read this book , here it is ... Dune ... Arabs in space , some of whom are on drugs.Humanity devolves back into tribalism/feudalism , with attendant problems of religion and war . Dark , cult-ish , historical hodgepodge , all in sci-fi drag.Sorry , but throwing in some spaceships and anti-grav gadgets does n't qualify Dune as a science fiction story . This story is simply a relic of the hippie-dippy culture ... toss out rationality and other elements of modern civilization , and substitute supposed mind-expanding drugs , Eastern mysticism , and revolution.If that sounds like something you would enjoy -LRB- perhaps if you 're an old hippie , or a `` turn on , drop out '' type -RRB- go for it.The movie was beautifully done , however . Even Frank liked it . Only problem with it was the story .
 ACE reprint of ` Dune ' - ISBN0-441-17271-7never before have i seen a book contain so many print & editorial errors ... ink application is not homogeneous , resulting in many blots & light print areas ... print pressure is inconstant , resulting in wavy print & apparent font reduction ... then there are the editorial errorspg . 108 `` the gift is the blessing of the river '' < giver > ... the most egregious so farif there had been physical defect allowing return to place of purchase , this paperback would surely have been exchanged for a previously published edition of better quality
 this book bored me to death . it was hard to follow with way too much description . scenes that should have been exciting took up five more pages then they should have , and quite frankly could have been made more exciting by a first grader . I am an avid reader , and usually i enjoy a change in pace , but after struggling through 160 pages , i finally gave in to the fact that the book is simply over hyped , loved mostly by old people who compare it to poetry .
 I am NOT a `` Dune '' -LRB- or sci-fi -RRB- fanboy . I like a well written book with a good plot , but am not genre specific . I am 36 years old and read `` Dune '' for the first time a month ago . It is a very good book . The Greatest Sci-Fi novel ever ? I 'm sceptical of that claim , but I would recommend it to anyone who likes a very good , intelligent , action-packed adventure novel . `` Dune Messiah '' , on the other hand , is almost a travesty - MASSIVELY underwhelming . There is virtually no action in this one . Just a bunch of crusty middle aged people talking ... and talking ... and talking . Though the ending is satisfying , and there is something almost resembling action at about the 250 page mark , it is otherwise devoid of excitement.Reading this book was like being the only sober college student in a room filled with pot-smoking philosophy majors . The same points get repeated over and over again , until you can bearly stand it . There ARE some interesting ideas in this book -LRB- particularly about how extraordinary men and their actions are twisted to serve the purposes of their warped followers , a la Jesus Christ -RRB- , and dozens of wonderful lines to quote , but not nearly enough to justify it 's 300 + page length . It is almost necessary to read , since it does complete the story of Paul Atreides , but it would have been so much more bearable if it had been half the length.I will NOT be reading any more Dune books , as the general consensus is that each sequel is progressively worse than the one before . I believe it now .
 This book was so incredibly boring it was mind numbing.The first few chapters kept me going , but to get to the end ... good god . I literally had to force myself to read it ! The only other book I had to trudge through like this was The Grapes of Wrath ... and if you liked that book , well then maybe this one is for you ...
 I rather liked `` Dune '' but this poor excuse for a sequel is just plain awful ! When i closed the book I could n't even remember what it was all about . So unless you are a great fan of Frank Herbert or intend to read the entire series , do n't bother .
 I guess it 's just personal taste , but I 'm sorry to say that I did not really like Dune that much . I really wanted to ; I know it has a great reputation , and legions of fans who have read it multiple times . I just finished reading it last night . The overall setting and the complex story were fine . The opening scene , the visit from the Reverend Mother , was intriguing . But , somehow the writing style for the rest of the book just did n't click with me . You know how some books have wonderfully-crafted language and sentence structure that mezmerizes you ? Well , this book was not like that . Time and again I found some passages awkwardly worded . As well , while there was a great assortment of characters , I felt no emotional attachment to any of them.I had previously read a couple of Herbert 's sci-fi novels , and liked them , but this one , well , does n't get 5 stars from me . Your mileage may vary ... I wo n't be reading any of the remaining books .
 Dune presents a sci-fi/fantasy spin ongoodoldVictorianOrientalism . The book valorizes the nomadic , tribal warrior culture of the Fremen , and deliberately places it in contrast to city life -LRB- the `` pan and sink villages '' -RRB- , which is portrayed as drab and cowardly . The Fremen are totally invincible . They win effortlessly even against the Emperor 's personal guard of selectively bred , highly trained interplanetary shock troops . Even against these outstanding opponents , the Fremen kill three enemies for each casualty of their own even if the numbers are against them.But for all their amazing prowess , these mystical warriors can only achieve victory under the guidance of a properly educated foreigner . A sympathetic foreigner , to be sure , one who goes native to a large degree and diligently follows local customs , but a foreigner nonetheless , easily able to set aside his role as tribal leader when necessary and step back into the mantle of hereditary duke , feudal lord , and military governor . Paul Atreides isLawrence of Arabia . He marries a local woman and appears to integrate into the tribe , but in fact , his children are only one-quarter Fremen . The fierce nomads are praised so highly precisely because their society has already been marked for external control -LRB- in Dune , by the Bene Gesserit order -RRB- . Herbert does explore some of the burdens weighing on such a character . Buried inside Dune is a coming-of-age story about a boy who has to suddenly learn a harsh new culture , become a leader , and get accustomed to violence -LRB- most notably on p. 314 -- his speech at the eulogy is an effectively drawn moment of regret -RRB- . Unfortunately , Herbert is a bit too enamoured with Paul , eventually idealizing him beyond good measure . Women throw themselves at him , even the widow of a man he just killed in a duel . He gains the ability to see the future , instantly becoming a flawless strategist . With his desert army , he effortlessly crushes his enemies . Even long before any of that happens , here 's an early example . Paul is discussing politics with his father : '' ` Whoever had stockpiled melange could make a killing , ' Paul said . ` Others would be out in the cold . ` The Duke permitted himself a moment of grim satisfaction , looking at his son and thinking how penetrating , how truly educated that observation had been . ' '' -LRB- 43 -RRB- This quote highlights several weaknesses of the book :1 . Herbert extensively uses internal monologue , perhaps thinking that it helps to bring out his characters ' innermost thoughts and motives . Instead , however , he just bluntly and laboriously tells you exactly how you should interpret dialogue that was perfectly clear from the start . Paul 's observation , above , is a complete banality . I even think it 's only there as plot exposition . Yet , in the book , the word `` educated '' is actually italicized , just to make doubly clear that you should be impressed . This happens frequently . Here 's another example that I found by flipping through the book at random
 Ridiculous pricing here.Get an Amazon.co.uk account . Change your Kindle Registration to the address of a friend in the UK . Buy the SF Masterworks Kindle edition of Dune for 4.99 -LRB- $ 8.00 US -RRB- This is what I would do if I did n't still have a paperback version of this book handy . Does it violate any policies ? I do n't know . But I certainly felt violated when I saw Penguin 's price for this e-book .
 I am an avid SF Fan who has long been about to read `` Dune '' , and this summer I finally started . I really had high expectations , especially after reading all the raving reviews in this forum.Sadly , I found this book hard to get into , slow-paced and a little too confused to really catch my interest . I made it through just because I felt I had to , and was actually relieved when it finally ended and I could start reading the next book that I had in line waiting for me . Not recommended !
 I wanted to get this for my 16 year-old son , but refuse to pay the price for the Ebook . I love my e-reader and hope to never buy a traditionally bound book again , but when the Ebook is more costly than a bound book ... . Well Amazon just lost a sale.With that said , I think anyone who is an officiando of great Sci-Fi , that has something to say , should read at least the first three Dune books . I personally got burned out after three , but have never forgotten the ones I read and would love to share them with my son .
 Dune Messiah was a bit of a boring and wordy book . It mostly has to do with the rule of Paul Mau ` dib and his reign as Emperor over Dune and the universe . Plots to remove him from his position as a godhead are formulated and carried out by people all around . Basically , it was a good story , but dry and boring in comparison to Dune . Read the book if you plan to continue with the Dune Chronicles like I have .
 While Dune was rich in historical and sociological vision -LRB- a pun -RRB- , Dune Messiah is a poorly executed commercial sequel . Readers of Dune can explore age old conflicts based upon wealth , power , and religion . Herbert uses the planet Dune to retell the story of religious incarnation and to explore the conflict between religion and power without the baggage of historical and religious bias . While Dune Messiah promises to continue the brillant story telling of Dune , the characters become one dimensional . Instead of exploring religious conflict , Dune Messiah wastes the time of its readers in living Paul 's drug induced hallucinations .
 This book was disiponting with Paul as emporer he was to powerful and he did not do much himself it was more ploys and counter-ploys . With not as much done in the book it was like polotics today , boring and uneventful . The idea of him going blind and still being able to see was kinda of tacky and wierd . Do better on the next one .
 Unfortuantly , Dune Messiah does not live up to Dune . Dune I gave five stars , however , this book does not go in depth about anything . It merely skimms the top of everything and does n't explain or explore as well as it could have , and should have.Dune Messiah attempts to build on Dune , the ultimate in sci-fi , and fails miserably . Instead of bettering the Dune story , it weakens it with bad plot twists that are nothing like that of Dune.I had trouble reading the end of this book because it starts out slow , and does n't improve . It laggs through the whole story whereas Dune the origional glued you to the book.Finally , Messiah mocks the origional Dune by weakenning the structure with which Dune was created and the glory was origionally born.So if you 're looking to find the magic that Dune brought , do n't read Massiha , it just does n't live up to the name Dune .
 This is indeed one of the best science fiction works produced however I must give it a miserable review on account of the almost criminal selection of narrators ! There are a great many text to speech programs available which offer a more enjoyable listening experience ! I am no stranger to audiobooks but this one is almost unbearable to listen to on account of the deplorable narration !
 Wow , coming off Dune and you make this ? I researched a lot after reading dune -LRB- b/c I hate to read sequals , especially of extremely amazing books -RRB- . But , everyone 's review said this was an amazing book . GIVE ME A BREAK . This book is nothing like the original . It 's dissapointing b/c I think the author did n't have all these sequals in mind when he wrote dune . He came up with an amazing world , and a great story . Then , after he made a lot of money , decided to come up with some other books trying to get that magic the first book held . Well , it does n't have that magic , and really I do n't think I will ever read a sequal to a book ever again . I ca n't even imagine what crap will come out of his son who now is trying to write other dune books -LRB- make some money with your own idea -RRB- .
 are the publishers crazy ? i was hoping to pick up the kindle editions of at least the first 3 in this series to reread on a long train trip later this year , but i am not understanding what makes this ' 40th anniversary edition ' so special that it should cost 3x as much as any other book on my kindle . pass .
 At first I was really loving this book . The whole idea of this desert planet where water is gold and worms s *** money . But as time went on , I started to become really paranoid about water . I had to have a glass of water next to me every time I would sit down and read a chapter . It was bad . The book kept making me so thirsty . Eventually it became even worse when friends would come over to my house and ask for a drink . I could n't bring myself to hand them a bottle of water . That 's my water , all right ? Back off ; get your own . Dune 's effects then started to show whenever I would be out in public . I found myself licking my arm for the few droplets of sweat that perspired there . Completely embarrassing , I know . Yet I 'm not just going to let that water go to waste . Suffice it to say , I have gone crazy . I now have tens of buckets on my lawn in order to catch rain . At night , I sneak over to my neighbors ' yards , and I turn on their hoses and fill more buckets with their water . Avoid this book if you can because it will ruin you .
 First off , Herbert has done an incredible job building and detailing his world of Arrakis . There is a clearly defined mythology , religion , political system , philosophy and ecology in this world . Despite all the introduced terminology in the book , I feel it is easy enough for the reader to pick up and understand these new terms.Having said that , I did not find the main characters , or many of the other characters , interesting . Paul and Jessica are unappealing characters because of their seeming penchant for all of their actions to be based on political reasons . While there is a need for it at times , it seems like all of their actions are made for manuvering their survival on Arrakis . I feel that the better characters are Gurney Halleck and Dr. Yueh . Both men have detailed backstories that fully explain their motivations in the actions they take , which are made for a myriad of reasons , not just political.I felt that the book would have benefitted from more of a balance between action and political intrigue . The action sequences that did take place were ok , and would have kept my interest more.I realize that I am in the minority with my opinion of Dune . I give Herbert a lot of credit for creating a fully imagined and detailed world , and this novel was no doubt groundbreaking at the time of publication . For me , the book would have benefitted more if the same detail had been paid to his characterizations .
 This book is supposed to be the most sold science fiction novel in the world . It 's beyond my comprehension . I loved the computer game and the movie was OK , but in spite of several frantic attempts I could n't force myself to finish the book . There 's simply nothing going on in it !
 I tried to read this once when I was about 15 , had trouble getting through the first few chapters . Now im in my twenties , ive read quite a few of the older hugo award winners this was one that I had neglected to read from the list so i thought id give it another shot . My problem with the book is that it is just too incredibly tedious , my kindle tells me that I completed 57 % of it and that was about as far as i was willing to go . When you read a book and the thought of whether or not to just stop where you are or keep going in the off chance that something good will come of it , enters your mind , then just stop reading . A good book will never let that thought enter your brain . The main characters were incredibly flat and static , and too be honest it got to the point where it was going nowhere and it was heading there fast . as other readers and reviewers have noted there is a slogan in the writing business , show dont tell , well mr.herbert must have never heard that saying . Most of the book , up until i stopped reading , were just thoughts of the main characters , jessica and paul . Paul being the protagonist of the novel should be an incredibly dynamic and round character but he is in fact not . After his `` awakening '' , i guess that 's the only word for it , he really got obnoxious and had this whole teen-angst feel to his attitude I guess.I consider myself a smart guy , I 'm an engineering student and ive pretty much read science fiction my entire life , so this is no fault of my own . I really do n't understand why this book has so much fan-fare surrounding it , or why it won a hugo award . if your looking for good science fiction , i 'd recommend `` Way Station '' by clifford simack , or `` A canticle for leibowitz '' i forget the author , also `` The Man In The High Castle '' by philip k. dick . much better than this over rated `` novel '' .
 The foundation of the story is a galactic empire whose inter-stellar navigation requires M&eacute;lange Enhanced navigation . M&eacute;lange is a spice and has one and only one source.Arrakis.Any ten year old can immediately understand that given those conditions , if you want to be emperor , you 'd better control the spice . To control the spice , control Arrakis.Any rational emperor entertaining hopes to rule for more than 2 days would park his capital on Arrakis and guard the access and distribution of spice very , very tightly.Yet Frank Herbert tries to makes us believe that here is an empire who for generations has left the control of Arrakis and Spice to various Feudal Lords who have acquired and lost the control of Arrakis at the whim of the distant emperor and everything has been fine.Until the Harkonnen 's finally figured it out and passed Empire Politics 101 . And after taking a beating and some hard lessons in the desert , Paul Atreides finally figures it out also . He decides to grab control of the Spice and park the imperial capital on Arrakis.The `` Dune final battle '' should have occured at the very beginning of the empire . Whom ever would come out the winner of the no holds barred , all out fight to control Arrakis would become the Emperor.The basis of the story is unsound . Any house that stands on a rotten foundation collapses , no matter how elaborate and fancy . The same holds for a story.Herbert fills hundreds of pages of nice prose throwing in every element he can think of . But he forgot to fix the foundation.In the end , I found myself screaming at the Harkonnen and Atreides
 I really want to own this book on the kindle , but I 'm not going to pay $ 17 for something that is so full of errors . I 'm not sure what Amazon is thinking here . Are they they trying to sabatoge the Kindle ? I 'll wait for the $ 6.99 version thanks .
 This is not a review of Dune , per se , about which I can not say enough good things . The audiobook , however , is extremely disappointing -- at least relative to expectations . It is not an abridged version of Dune . It is a set of selected readings
 What a disappointment as a continuance of Dune , which was a truly great story and epic . My dislike of this book is not due to the fact that it is different in structure to the original . I enjoyed the change of pace and setting , as this book is dialogue oriented and takes MANY unexpected turns . While reading it , I could n't put the book down.My dislike comes after having finished it - and of wondering what the point of this novel was in the first place . The ultimate flaw in this story is the total change in Paul , making the first novel irrelevant . Everything stems from this crucial fact . I 'm not even going to bother with the other characters , who would have had to behave differently had Paul remained a strong character fighting the direction fate wants to pull him.The galaxy is not a better place after having suffered the terrible consequences of Paul 's life . He admits to a `` conservative estimate '' of having killed 61 billion , sterilizing 90 planets , demoralizing hundreds of others , and wiping out 40 religions . While noble and admirable at the end of Dune , an atmosphere of degeneration , court rivalries , and intrigue is readily apparent in the beginning of Dune Messiah , which takes place about twelve years into Paul 's reign.Paul has been helpless against fate and spends too much time feeling sorry for himself . In Dune he is determined to avoid the future Jihad , which takes place anyway . He is pathetic and useless in Dune Messiah . He suffers mood swings and is more interested in feeling the collective sociological movements of humanity in a melange-induced stupor than in making decisions.I mean , what has he been doing these past twelve years to avoid the Jihad ? There 's plenty he could have done ! Why does n't he act like the Messiah he is supposed to be ?! What a wasted opportunity ! This Messiah failed to change the galaxy in any positive way . His failure makes one wish for the triumph of the defeated Vladimir Harkonnen , who , while corrupt and self-serving , had a taste for ruling and decision-making . The materialistic Harkonnens were too small minded to have devastated the galaxy as did Paul , who is an inverted version of Hamlet - unable or unwilling to act but suffering melancholy after the fact , thus becoming even more useless.Despite all the carnage Paul has wrought , the true problems of galactic society continue to exist at the book 's end . Manipulative secret organizations like the Bene Gessereit , Bene Tleilaxu , and who knows what else is out there , continue to pursue their own bizarre objectives . The Spacers ' Guild , with its dominance in stellar transport , continues to be powerful and oppressive.By playing his ultimate trump card , as he threatened at the end of Dune , destruction of the spice on Arrakis , Paul could have simultaneously broken the backs of his enemies and avoided the Jihad . Sure , he would have plunged the galaxy into a Dark Age with the absence of spice destroying intergalactic travel . But would this have been worse than the death and destruction that he brought about anyway ? Somehow someone would have eventually figured a way to get around the problem of spiceless navigation.A Messiah is someone who is to be a savior or liberator . Paul did n't save or liberate anything . Herbert ruined something great .
 I had great expectations when I picked this book up from the store last month . This book is okay , but certainly not `` the best '' as many claim . My suspicion is that people on this review site tend to be a small but determined bunch of supporters . The biggest flaw is that the book is boring . It truly is difficult to keep turning the page . After being 1/2-way through , I just had to toss the book out . If you scroll through the `` real '' reviews , you will find this is a common lament . Also , it does n't have the same emotional life as `` The Lord of the Rings '' and does not draw one in . Dune is certainly not in the same league as Tolkien 's works .
 I know this is considered a classic and one of the supreme Sci-Fi novels of all time and that 's why I was excited to read it . However , I found it boring and disjointed . Some of the characters are interesting and the story has it 's moments but it 's not worth the time it takes to read it . The story spends too much time building up to events which are either unsatisfying or over the top . The main character was extremely shallow and what personality he did have was still obscure . I did n't care for him at all . He seemed to be as bored as I was with the things going on around him . The book had good concepts but they were never really put to good use . I really wanted this book to be good . I was on it 's side to begin with , but now I can see why Herbert had such a hard time finding someone to publish it .
 Thank goodness it takes only eight thousand years for a little political instability to worm its way in . Dune is crap . It 's a bunch of pseudo-science hoodoo . I tried reading this book as a child and I was enchanted for awhile , the idea is so lovely it practically throbs . But really , for some reason , I just could n't finish it . Now as an adult I tried again to read it and it 's just more than silly . I guess Proust is right , you ca n't go home again . Or whatever . Maybe there was a time to read it and it passed . Of course , the idea is nice . If there was a book on the idea of Dune I 'd probably read it . Even the idea of Frank Herbert . Just a book about some cat with a big prophet beard and a penchant for writing crackpot books of science fiction/philosophy . That would be nice . That would compel . Even if he veered at times dangerously close to fascism , which he does , and so does that Nazi Heinlein . It would be hilariously funny to read about some chubby floodge who wrote silly books of facsistic science fiction but never had the heart to get them published -LRB- there 's a spin on things -RRB- , and whose rantings were restricted -- safely -- to the confines of his kitchen . Funny . Sabbath 's Science Fictional Theater . Yeah . But Dune is , sadly , really sadly , poorly written and should have been better . Sorry .
 Clearly , you have to be a fan of the robot genre to remotely even come close to liking this book . The first chapter gets off to a very slow start , the storyline becomes boring rapidly , and after a while , the book is unreadable . I would imagine that those disappointed with this highly overrated book would turn to other science fiction . Lord of the Rings puts this book to shame . J.R.R. Tolkien makes this author look unimaginative to say the least . If you want real science fiction , start with The Hobbit and go onto the LORD OF THE RINGS . Put this book where it belongs
 Dune Messiah , The Search for more money
 I used to love these books . I read all of the original Herbert works from Paul 's encounter with the box to the big rose bushes . There were many memorable scenes from the series . When Pual 's sister struggles against her possession to throw herself out the window , when Leto II merges with sand trout , when the Fish Dancers dance while packed into the meeting room , Teg running up to guards in a blue blur , the no globe making a depression in the ground where it sits for a long time . Interesting images but later in life I realized the ideas behind all of this -LRB- totalitarian religion and cultism , better living through chemistry , eugenics , fear of technological progress all sitting on a foundation of materialism -RRB- are the worst ideas of the last 200 years . The empty , awful , evil ideology behind this book accounts for untold numbers of innocent lives in the last 100 years . Herbert crafted this series for young impressionable kids so that they could learn to be monsters . He was a vile man.And more than that ! The books were completely humorless . The real world is a funny weird place and full of hypocrisy and silly actions . Herbert took himself too seriously throughout the whole series . Just another underlining reason why my opinion of this story went down the toilet .
 Comparing this 500 page sleeping pill to Lord of the Rings is like comparing a Rolls Royce Phantom II to a 1975 Pinto . Dune has some good ideas and in some parts the story really pick up , but over all this book is not as interesting , the characters are not as deep , and the writting style not as polished as Tolken 's work.Paul Atreides is not as interesting as Frodo , or even Luke Skywalker . Jessica reminds me of Jan Brady or a 1970s coffee commercial where the character is always talking to themselves about the things around them . Gurney , I must admit reminded me of Sam , but only a little . Whether you like this book or not , Dune can not hold a candle to LOTR.I must admit Dune has its interesting moments , but not enough for a good review . The reader will find himself or herself saying over and over again , `` No , not another sand worm ! '' The writting style is deplorable . Herbert 's prose is some of the worst I have ever read . Unlike Hawthorne , Dickens , and Melville , Herbert sentence structure is choppy , uneven , and cumbersome.I made it through this book , but I must admit , it did not hold my interest and I did breeze over a few pages . This book stinks!I give it a B plus for over all creativity.C minus for the story develpmentD minus for style.D plus for Character developmentF for the micro-font this edition is printed inI know I am going to get tared and feathered for this review !
 A hatful of people with unreadable alien names , and a central character called Paul . Vastly advanced civilisations who retain a totally monarchic society . Never have so many dreadful Science Fiction cliches been brought together in one book . Ghastly .
 AN UTTERLY ABSURD AND INORDINATLY LONG BOOK THAT INEXPLICABLY SPAWNED NUMEROUS SEQUELS THAT RESIDE ON THE SAME LITERARY LEVEL AS THE ORIGINAL.BORDOM , POMPOSITY AND PRETENTOUSNESS DO NOT A GOOD BOOK MAKE AND THAT IS PERHAPS MORE EVIDENT HERE THAN IN ANY OTHER BOOK I HAVE EVER READ.THE PLOT IS BIZARRE AND STRONGLY AKIN TO THOSE OF THE 50 'S B-MOVIES THAT WE ARE SO APT TO FORGET , THE DIALOGUE IS LEADEN AND THE STYLE IS HEAD GRINDINGLY BAD .
 I have climbed out of bed to write this for you , because I can take it no longer . Whoever made the kindle version should be fired . The book itself is great . However , random missing spaces , extra spaces , italics that begin or end when they should n't , mis-spellings of stillsuit as `` stulsuit '' ... Please , buy another version . This is an embarrassment to e-publishing ... and you 'd think with it being on the computer it 'd be easier to check for errors . Guess not.Look elsewhere for your ebook copy of Dune .
 First off , this is a review of the Kindle edition of this book . I apologize in advance if you 're considering the paper edition and this is n't helpful ; Amazon does n't give us a way to rate the Kindle version separately.I really like the book itself , but ca n't recommend the Kindle edition due to sadly sloppy formatting -- in literally hundreds of places , the Kindle edition will spuriously add italics where none belong , or remove italics where they do belong , or remove spaces between words so they run together , or confuse dashes with hyphens and use quotation marks or apostrophes that point the wrong direction . There are some typos too -LRB- which I think are not literally typos , but OCR -- optical character recognition -- errors -RRB- . All of this distracts from the enjoyment of what should be an excellent read , frequently reminding you that you are reading a book published by a company that could n't be bothered to proofread their work.The fact that this is an extra-cost `` 40th anniversary edition '' adds insult to injury -LRB- the Dune sequels have n't been given the 40th anniversary treatment , and are n't full of these annoying errors , and they cost less to boot -RRB- .
 The prices that publishers are now charging for eBooks -LRB- $ 15 -RRB- are ridiculous and makes me regret the purchase of my e-reader . If the prices were like they used to be -LRB- 9.99 -RRB- I 'd buy it without hesitation . Well , they are not going to get my money anymore , I 'll go to the library or look for a good used copy on the Market Place . Shame ...
 After reading the Kindle sample of this book , I have to agree with the many critical reviews of this edition . This is not a review of the writing , which is excellent , but of this electronic edition of the title.Aside from the fact that $ 15 for the electronic edition of a book that is over 40 years old and has already been widely published as a mass market paperback for for half the price is obscene , the quality of this Kindle edition is so horrible I would not want it if it was free . DUNE is one of the great classics of scifi literature but this ebook is an embarrassment to both the publisher and the author and I would urge anyone interested in reading this book to pass on this edition . Instead , find any one of the cheap tens of thousands of used copies that are easily available of this title .
 While `` Dune '' is an excellent exercise of world-building by Frank Herbert , the novel lacks many of the elements that I consider good storytelling . There is never really much of an element of suspense throughout the book , and the reader has the impression that he or she already knows how the book is going to end from the very beginning . It 's a bit difficult to sympathize with the protagonists . `` Dune '' is obviously more fantasy than science fiction , but Paul is always a bit too sure of himself for this book to feel like some kind of bildungsroman as is typical of the fantasy genre . The Bene Gesserit as a whole are an incredibly annoying concept in their seeming omnipotence and omniscience , and the whole concept of them seems a heavy-handed ploy to make female characters an important element in the plot . There are too few elements of protagonist vs. antagonist direct conflict in the book , and when they do occur the action appears a bit stilted and anticlimactic . As Paul and his mother 's powers grow in the book , one gets a sense that they are basically unstoppable and that the antagonists are absolutely no match for them whatsoever , which was incredibly vexing and made me eager to put the book down.Why this book is considered one of the best science fiction novels ever , I have absolutely no idea . Sure , the world created by Herbert is incredibly detailed -LRB- although implausible -RRB- , but if you ca n't tell a story well , the book is n't going to work . This is one of the more overrated novels in science-fiction history , but perhaps I 've watched too much `` Star Wars '' and read too much `` Lord of the Rings '' or `` Harry Potter , '' where there actually is an excellent story to go along with excellent world-building elements , to really appreciate `` Dune . ''
 Dune has about seven interweaving plot layers . This book has maybe one , which is life and death . At just 278 pages this book is by far the shortest book in the six book series . If you 've loved Dune , you 'll probably hate the sequal so do n't read it .
 I own the Kindle Fire . Why should I have to pay more for an e-book then one thats actually printed and shipped and stored ? Thats crazy .
 Herbert is one of those people who have a great imagination , with beuatiful skills of creativity . These people can create amazing worlds in their head , with politics , culture , and a unique language . The only problem is , he ca n't write . I am an avid reader , and recently decided to pick up this renowned novel . I was sorely dissappointed . With such poor development -LRB- I do not mean an introduction-I hate introductions . I mean actual coherency -RRB- , I could barely bring myself to finish this book . Do n't waste your time . This so-called `` Brilliant '' sci-fi novel is nothing more that a pieced-together third-rate material . -LRB- By the way - anyone who wants to tell me that writing is n't as easy as it looks - I am a writer , and would be glad to email some of my stuff to anyone who contacts me . -RRB-
 Like many other of the reviewers listed here , I decided to read this book based on the positive feedback I 've received from friends and the many glowing reviews at Amazon.I managed to read about 100 pages before I realised that this book was boring and going nowhere very fast . Maybe I 've been spoiled by author 's such as George Martin & Dan Simmons who write truly captivating prose.Dune is one of those books that I may get back to one day -LRB- with emphasis on the `` may '' -RRB- .
 I read the whole book , and only for brief periods of time did I find it the least bit interesting . I do n't know how it won a Hugo Award , or how it is considered to be a `` classic . '' It 's a sci-fi/fantasy book that does n't bother to ever create a visual picture of the world . It is extremely dialogue-heavy and the dialogue reads like a poor movie script , where people talk in ways that no person ever does . There is an overwhelming amount of made-up terms that deal with the mythology/religion/culture / philosophy of the Dune world , but it 's incredibly painstaking to look up all the different terms every time a new nonsense word pops up.I 'll admit that some of my rating comes down to personal taste . I always reserve one star for my personal preference ... but even so , this book is only for really , really , really big fans of obscure sci-if/fantasy ... and masochists.Mind you , I love sci-fi and fantasy - they are about the only fiction genres that I read on a regular basis . I mostly read non-fiction books of every genre and difficulty . I am an avid reader , though , so this review does not come out of ignorance on my part .
 I basically found Dune to be an airball in comparison to the reviews some people gave me . The plot was too intricate , the book was too long , and for God 's sake it is a pain to have to flip back to the glossary every page or so . I actually began to uderstand the book at page 425 when the Baron is discussing his plans with Thufir Hawat ... but I should n't have to read that much for it to get interesting . And I hate to get all of you SF freaks angry ... but Frank Herbert was a BAD WRITER . Some of the things he describes are very clunkily worded , sentences either too brief or two wordy . Plus he never used the word `` and '' in the entire book . An example would be a sentence like `` He walked over to the case , opened it . '' It just got annoying after awhile . It is a long dull story told with modest talent .
 Wow , the Kindle version is selling for $ 15.99 but the used paperback is selling for like $ 3.25 , the new paperback for $ 9.99 . It 's also free at your local library . The publisher sets the price . I like this book , but for $ 15.99 it gets 1 star after adjusting for the value proposition .
 Dune is supposed to be one of the best SF novels of all time . I like SF , so I should read Dune . In fact , I have started to read it at least half a dozen times , but I have never managed to get beyond the first few dozen pages . It just does n't appeal . There may be some brilliant ideas in there but the writing is so ponderous , it kills any desire to read further .
 This book was a complete let-down from the first one . The ending was well done , but other than that I can not find anything at all good about this book . The first half of the book is completely pointless , unlike the first book we do n't need to know about the characters because they are basically the same . The only reason I finished this book was to read the next book .
 I heard a lot about this book but when I actually read it I was not impressed . Everything in this book is great except the characters . They are overbearing and ridiculous . It is hard to read a book when you hate the characters .
 This is a passable , but flawed work . My apologies to the devout , but poor pacing is an appropriate criticism to any work . You can not claim the title of `` masterpiece '' and totally ignore that essential element to a good story.I also found the society that `` Dune '' postulates to be hopelessly unrealistic . `` Ohhh , let 's put a byzantine empire in space ! '' I said it when I first read this book and others like it , and it 's more obvious today . Technology changes the kinds of cultures that are possible . This culture could not come about . Willful suspension of disbelief is one thing , tossing it out the airlock is another .
 the climax of Dune Messiah is mindblowing , shocking , thrilling and brilliant - getting there is one huge pain in the back.this book is roughly half the length of Dune , yet took me nearly twice as long to read . the focus shifts from Muad ` Dib to a conspiracy against him and the effects his victory in Dune have had on the Fremen and Arrakis itself.the jihad of the Fremen that Paul feared has been allowed to occur . meanwhile , Dune has begun to be made green , alienating the older Fremen . the Bene Gesserit , Bene Tleilax , spacing guild , and Paul 's own wife - the Emperor 's daughter - scheme to rid themselves of Atreides rule . the palace intrigue and underhanded maneuvers that fill this book are niether engaging , nor particularly interesting . it is only when at last the novel truly brings the focus back to Muad ` Dib that things begin to pick up.Paul has always known the path he must take , yet in the stunning conclusion , he rejects it and passes the legacy and responsibility onto his infant son Leto , setting the stage for the books to come.Muad ` Dib 's true end illustrates why so many Dune fans hate David Lynch 's movie with a passion .
 Here 's how I review . No synopsis , no narrative . Just get to how I was introduced to the book , what I liked and did n't like and maybe some spoilers . Enjoy!I was introduced to Dune after googling `` best sci-fi books of all time '' . So when Dune popped up at the top of almost every list I saw I decided that I had to read it . There were some interesting concepts I loved but ultimately the book did n't really do it for me. : :
 This book was a very long and mostly boring brood-fest in which the protagonist finds himself trapped in an unhappy and inevitable fate . This fate being the jihad to be carried out by his followers . I just do n't buy it . Why ca n't he stop it ? I think that Frank Herbert wants us to be so impressed with the over-complex under-explained dialogue that we feel like we are too small to have a valid opinion . The protagonist is just so inhumanly smart , so vastly more intelligent than us , we can not possibly know of his problems . But then Paul Atreides does n't exist , there is only Frank Herbert , and he is only human . To me it just smells of BS.The first book -LRB- Dune -RRB- was good . But like the Earth 's Children series , I think it ends there . If you read Dune and want another Frank Herbert , I recommend picking up `` The White Plague '' . Not the best book , not even top ten but intriguing and original .
 Without the novelty of the original , there 's not a lot to recommend this -LRB- first of many -RRB- sequels . For all the self-doubt & confusion of Paul , Alia , and Duncan 's ghost , the characters are largely one dimensional . Herbert somewhat falls under the weight of his purportedly eon shaking majestic characters who rarely say or do anything clever or wise -LRB- particularly the Reverend Mothers here and in ` Dune ' , who are supposed to have the insight of millennia , but are essentially ineffective , even pathetic -RRB- . While the plot does offer an interesting unifying twist , there 's far too much irritating -LRB- cf. C.J. Cherryh , particularly ` Rusalka ' -RRB- vacillation about choices . We 're meant to be carried along in the tide of mysticism , but it just becomes some vague hocus pocus to excuse any arbitrary action or excess of confused introspection.Some Messianic parallels
 I purchased this Kindle book because I wanted to re-read the book but also wanted to have the electronic version . Huge mistake . The book is horribly formatted and is almost impossible to read . One font size results in words being dropped from the end of a page and the next size down results in last passage of a page also appearing on the next page . It appears that there is not a way to get the text to appear correctly . Fifteen pages into the book and I have given up trying to read this great work in the format .
 One of the worste books of all time , I feel.Actually ... I couldnt make it past page 50 . I usually give all books 100 pages , but I just could not stand it . It is written with a slight yoda like way . I just could not stand it.Though , the movies arent really all that bad though .
 I read the thing back in 1972 and thought it overblown . But I was just a kid . Will the ensuing 28 years improve it ? If not I 'll read a Robert Heinlein novel to get back on track .
 After seeing typo complaints about the Kindle edition , I decided to look at the free initial chapters before plunking down that much $ $ . It did n't take me long
 Okay , it 's hard to give this wonderful novel a bad rating , but the Kindle edition is so bugged , it makes me wonder if any human ever proofreads these new-fangled E-books . During almost every instance of italicized passages , there are numerous missing spaces between words . For example : thedoor notcorrrect requiredto A rrakisE-book publishers
 Note that I am reviewing only the form , not the content of the book . Many word sequences written in italic are mergedlikethis . Do the publishers believe that a Kindle edition require no proofing ?
 $ 15 for a poorly formatted , un-proofread eBook version of a book that is more than 40 years old is a travesty . Love my Kindle , love the book , but stuff like this makes me seriously question the long term chances for eBooks ; you can pick up a gently used version of this book for < $ 1 from various places for crying out loud .
 I 'll start by saying that I LOVE the book Dune and have for years . The story itself is magnificent and should get five stars . The only reason I 'm only giving my review one star is because the Kindle version is so full of typos and formatting errors . I ca n't believe I paid so much -LRB- more than a print book ! -RRB- for a Kindle version that is so appallingly badly edited.If this were a physical book , it would never have made it to the printer . I ca n't imagine that this version was even proofread . It 's distracting and disruptive , and ruins the flow of the story to be correcting things in my head as I read.Awful . DO NOT buy the Kindle version . Save your money and buy a $ 2 used paperback copy .
 Some books should never beget sequels . They are so perfect that any attempt to serialise them will only succeed in making the sequels look bad . Dune is such a book , and the sequels all meet their destinies by indeed looking bad . Some critics have even suggested that Herbert wrote the sequels only to cash in on the popularity of the original . This is uncharitable . Herbert wrote the sequels because he believed that he had important things to say . The problem is that he throws out most of what made the progenitor so good in order to say his Important Things.Nor does it help that those Important Things do n't turn out to be too important . Crusade as a cleansing social/moral force ; the psychoanalysis of prophesy ; the pitfalls of omniscience ; all are themes that have been explored more deeply and more cohesively by other writers.Moreover , such themes are out of place in the world of Dune . Dune was effective because it was simple . The Fremen commanded our interest because their outlook on life was as stark as their environment . Jessica commanded our sympathy because she chose her loyalty as consort and mother over her instilled training as social engineer . Paul commanded our respect because he continually overcame adversity , displayed courageous resourcefulness and showed himself in every way his father 's son . These are all characteristics with which we can identify because they satisfy our yearning for love , honour and justice . And in Dune , Herbert successfully elevated them from the commonplace to the heroic by keeping them free of unnecessary artifice.In Messiah , Herbert forgets this principle and overindulges in cleverness . Every character has inscrutable agendas , unfathomable layers , infinite subtlety . Such properties must be used sparingly . When they are slathered on with a trowel , as they are here , they only succeed in turning the characters into caricatures of themselves . I was nauseous after the umpteenth description of such and such a verbal blade unerringly penetrating to such and such a depth because it was precisely engineered with such and such a sub-harmonic and delivered with exactly such and such a sneer . Ohh Puhlease!This is an unattractive work and the sequels that follow only get worse . But when a writer composes a masterpiece as fine as Dune , I suppose he can be forgiven his later excesses .
 Excellent book , however the printing company has done a horrible job . They have not left enough space between the binding line and the words and one needs to struggle with every page to be able to read the book . Such a disrespect to this masterpiece and the author . Amazon should refuse to sell defected books of that sort to its clients . Shame on ACE printing company for doing such a lousy job .
 Everyone else has given this five stars , but I am writing to let people know that some of you may not like it . BIG QUALIFICATION
 I have read this book many times . Story is great , but I wo n't pay this much for an e-book of it . Based on other comments a poor quality e-book as well .
 An amazing book , probably my favorite . This ebook is shocking though , it reads more like a bad OCR job . The price is shocking for the quality . FIX IT !
 Dune is old scifi with an excellent story line for its time . One might call it a classic of the genere . It has been reprinted many many times and one can find it used for minimal cost and most libraries have copies as well.Penguin publishing was previously one of my favorite publishers but now they are failing to adapt to the market conditions and alienating their customer base . While I do n't say I 'll never buy anything published by them again I do closely scrutinize and have to be moved from an initial not buying position . All publishers are really going to need to become lean product development houses that do not attempt to lock author 's works or customers dollars in . Doing the opposite will cause authors to go around publishing houses all together and customers will just acquire the product in other ways.The price of this kindle product is rediculous and it is penguin 's fault .
 Is this book boring or what ? I got through the first 100 pages with great difficulty -LRB- it was hard to keep from falling asleep -RRB- but it did n't get any better . So , I bagged it . I have no idea what the hype was about . I have enjoyed sci-fi and fantasy books before , so that was n't the problem . It just happens to be a very tedious book .
 This book was first published in 1967 ... so it 's an old story ... but calling it a classic ? No way.Too slow ... too boring ... Many things do not make sense in this book and it was frustrating to read through them . Move on to another book on your list . This one is not worth it .
 Hype aside , it 's a good , albeit not spectacular story . I was actually a little put off by the grammar and boring parts . I did have to force myself to accept `` spice '' et al. . Is it anti-semitic ? It could be interpreted as such , but I 'm not sure . It 's worth a look , but do n't buy into the hype . And I hope the do n't make another movie . Uhhh ...
 All the five star reviews make me wonder who really is writing in for these reviews . As a Sci-fi fanatic , I was disappointed in this book for a few reasons , the biggest being the boredom aspect . On page 229 , I had to put the book down because I had no real desire to read on . The other bothersome aspect is that this book does not take you in on the same emotional level as a `` Lord of the Rings . '' You really pull for Tolkien 's characters , whereas Dune folk felt like automatons going through another Matrix-lite plot .
 Prose that would make a Dungeons and Dragon novel blush , boring , narcassistic characters , plot goes nowhere ... 1 star
 After reading Ender 's Game ... well , to put it lightly , lets just say I got cabin fever.I admit -- I have NOT finished the book yet -LRB- a side effect of cabin fever -RRB- , and I WAS intrigued at first . 200 pages in ... and nothing remotely exciting was happening . I argue with myself , wondering if I should finish it or not . Will something utterly fascinating grab my attention just 20 pages on ? Or will the rest of the l o n g book be a total drab?Dune certainly has a good plot idea , I 'm just not sure that Frank Herbert has the gift of grabbing a reader 's attention.Please R&R !
 This book brought me near suicide . I was so depressed after reading this pie that I wanted to go eat a goat .
 There are some good things in Dune . But the bad swamps the good . Clumsy writing , heavy-handed symbolism , self-righteousness , unbelievable dialogue , characters even a comic book would blush at . A book that insults the intelligence at every level .
 Time after time I 've seen Dune acclaimed as one of the masterpieces of SF . It consistently tops the charts when readers are asked for the best SF novels . Being a SF reader myself it was almost heretic not to have read it before , so after more than 30 years I decided to give it a try . Awfull , is the word that best describes my experience . I could n't find any sense of wonder or anything else for that matter that justified such high praises . To compare it to The Lord of the Rings is to commit a crime . This novel is a fraud , a naked king pretending to be wearing the finest clothes . Forget the hype , this is a complete waste of time .
 This is a chore . I do n't go for complex storylines and this book is the worst of the worst for those . I kept turning back to read over parts I had not taken in the first time , and in the end I gave up . I got to almost half-way , but I had lost interest way before then .
 There is nothing whatsoever to justify the high price . It is a book with no extras , unless you count the excessive errors . It has the feel of something which was scanned by an eighth grader with a short attention span . Missing and extra spaces , incorrect spellings which appear to be a result of scanning with fifteen year old OCR software , and improper formatting.I actually like the story more than I did thirty years ago , though that old paperback had fewer errors .
 Dune is an amazing journey , and anyone who has thought of reading definitely should . However , I want to know why the Kindle version is more expensive than any other version ?! I 'm starting to get REALLY sick of all this . Well , Amazon got their $ 189 out of the person who bought the Kindle itself for me , but they sure wo n't get any more money from me for books that are outrageously overpriced .
 I do n't mind paying a premium for a kindle version of a book . Well , I do a little . There is printing cost . That is not my problem with this book . It 's the typos . Amazon needs to start hiring their own proofreaders or refusing to publish books with such a shoddy translation . I 'm only about a quarter of the way through the book and I have seen lots of typos . If this were the bargain version of the book , I could accept it . I ca n't accept paying full price for an old book that the publisher did n't bother to reinvest enough in to make a decent version .
 The book is a masterpiece , if you have n't read it yet do yourself a favor and buy it . The paperback edition , that is.As for the people at Penguin Publishing charging 14.99 for the Kindle edition , you have to wonder what they 're smoking .
 All opinions aside about the plot or quality of writing of this story , the build quality of this book itself is horrible . The copy I have has strange spacing on many pages , offset sometimes , different sized fonts on other pages . I recommend buying another paperback , not this one .
 Dune is a colossal work . Dune Messiah is a disappointing work . I do n't understand how the same man could have written both books . Dune has strong characterization and a strong plot ; Dune Messiah has neither . Dune Messiah substitutes characterization with psycho-babble . Half the dialogue in this book does n't make any sense and does n't further the plot . The ending is strong , but it does n't make up for all the nonsense that Herbert subjected me to . -LRB- Do n't let anyone try to tell you that this book is `` deeper '' than Dune because of all the confusing things the characters say . `` Deep '' only equals `` confusing '' for people who ca n't read . -RRB- All that said , Dune Messiah made me feel like I was reading Fanfic . It was mildly entertaining , but please do n't confuse it with the real thing .
 ... It has always boggled my mind as to how a writer who can write one of the greatest science fiction novels of all time can turn around and write shamefully crafted work . But Frank Herbert has succeeded at this . With flying colors . Not only is Dune Messiah one of the most static and lifeless works I have ever read by any author . There is tons of badly written science fiction out there of the commercial dumb character dumb plot type but at least they breath , they live , even in their patheticness . Dune Messiah is still-born , oxygen deprived.Set twelve years after Dune , Paul Atreides is now Emperor of the galaxy after legions of Fremen troops have conducted a holy jihad in his name . Even though his rule extends over many lightyears , we are still claustrophobically stuck on Arrakis with much the same power struggles . As in Dune , he who controls the spice also brings much danger to themselves because it is so important that others would kill to control it . A conspiracy composed of his greatest enemies arises to overthrow Paul.This book is set up more as `` literature '' than science fiction , with there being very little plot but a lot of soul searching and characterization . Unfortunately for us , the characters are not interesting enough to warrant this treatment . The characters are uninteresting because they all seem to be locked into their destiny and can do nothing about it . There is no surpise . No spontaneity . That leads me to another fact . This book is missing an element of adventure . By that , I mean the physical type and also the mental . The jacket says this is the `` pivotal novel '' of the Dune series . Well , if it 's pivotal , the house has collapsed.This novel is more an epilogue to Dune than a novel in its own right . To me , it should 've just been tacked onto the first book . The conspiracy goes on and on and on and everybody talks and talks and talks and nothing ever happens until maybe the last 50 pages or so ... It 's boring . It 's dull . It frightens me from reading the next book ... I do n't know if I will go on with this series . It does n't get one star simply because I 've read some books worse than this . Not a lot , but some .
 Will not pay $ 17 for a Kindle of a 46 year old book ! This is just a trumped marketing scheme . What really blows is the $ 8 version is available at the Amazon UK . Seems the publishers have blocked this sensible version from the US Amazon site . Finally to top it all off , numerous typographical errors throughout the eBook . More evidence of a poor attempt to simply pull some more money from saps .
 Dune seem to have some really cool concepts yet , it was two slow in the beginning so I really never could get into it . the whole benne gesseritt theory was cool where jessica could change the water of life so it couldnt kill you.Thanks for readingSincerelyTyler
 Herbert has masterfully written a deep , fleshed-out , utterly unappealing world and filled it with complex characters who are impossible to relate to . Now that I have read it I will check the box on the back of my geek credentials and never pick this book up again .
 `` We 're going to test you to see if you 're a human or an animal , Paul , '' says the nun . `` Why ? '' `` Because man relied too much on machines . `` Wait . What?Oh , I 'm paraphrasing , all right ... but that 's exactly the way it looks . So begins Dune , a disjointed , pretentious , poorly written piece of dreck.I am not certain why or how this book has attained the status it has , so let 's look at the pluses and go from there . Is the world of Dune fascinating ? Yes . Are you going to find something quite like it anywhere else ? No . The planet Arrakis is really cool . The way people live , obviously well thought out and interesting . The sandworms and spice , very unique and attractive . I also happen to love stories dealing with special children with amazing destinies -- I wanted to know about Paul 's rise to importance . I 'm sure most people find these elements fascinating ; likewise , I wanted to read and like this story ... badly.Unfortunately , the way this story is written absolutely kills it . I felt like I was reading a first draft half of the time ; the rest of the time I was reading and re-reading parts to see what the heck Herbert was trying to imply.I read the first chapter three times , trying to see how an `` animal '' was like a `` machine '' and how this had anything to do with breeding perfect humans or relying overmuch on machines . This part never made sense and I finally decided to go on , hoping he would clarify later -LRB- he does n't -RRB- . It also started to make me hate Paul , who was a little brat who seemed to have all the answers . Oh , I am fine with above-average characters ... but generally , only the ones with hearts . Think Ender from Ender 's Game for the ideal.Which brings me to the characters . They are mostly unlikable -- they are either insufferable know-it-alls or downright arrogant . I found myself only liking a few secondary and tertiary characters for the most part -- Duke Atreides , Thufir Hawat , Duncan Idaho , and Gurney Halleck , for example . Jessica , the Bene Gesserit Reverend Mother , all the Harkonnens , and -LRB- most especially -RRB- Paul and Kynes made me want to punt kittens . -LRB- As an added note , it 's hilarious to see this host of alien names and two major characters named Paul and Jessica . -RRB- The prose is awkward at best and downright unreadable and purple at worst . It 's all tell and no show ; Herbert is constantly showing us the characters ' thoughts . Generally , this is fine with me ... except those thoughts end up becoming the only way you can really understand what 's going on . In short , their thoughts are crutches , and the story never speaks for itself . Interspersed within are supposed `` wise sayings '' and unintentionally humorous `` philosophical nuggets '' and some really awful poetry . Yuck.Herbert 's dialogue was past poor -- a stilted , disjointed mess . Good dialogue fits together like the rungs on a ladder ; Dune 's dialogue is the ladder from hell , with rungs completely missing or spaced too far apart . It often seems to shift from subject to subject at random and has little or no connection to what previous speakers said . For example
 As an avid fan of the fantasy/sci-fi genre , I had often been told about the sheer brilliance of Frank Herbert 's classic novel `` Dune . '' I finally read it , and was surprised by how much of a let-down it was . While I can understand why it was so popular THEN , when the genre was new , it does n't quite have the appeal NOW . The biblical/religious allegory in it was incredibly obvious , the writing was unbearably slow , and there were things that did n't quite work out in a satisfactory way . Throughout the whole book , the main character keeps harping on this `` terrible purpose '' he has , this thing that he 's dreading , but NOTHING ever comes of it ! It 's this tension that keeps building up but never comes to fruition , and that always really annoys me.I did n't like the little blurbs from the books written by the princess , either . They did n't serve any real purpose , other than to introduce a character we really never see . They had nothing to do with the plot.On the good side , I did like the way Herbert defined his characters so well -- with the exception of our main hero with his undefined `` terrible purpose '' . Most of the characters were well thought-out and believable . As is typical in real life , the characters were not just black-and-white , pure evil and pure good . Good characters made bad decisions and faced rock-and-hard-place choices . And bad characters had noble characteristics and even had noble -- if often misguided -- intentions which fired their eventual actions.In spite of its interesting aspects , however , I am still surprised that Dune can still hold its own against the superior science-fiction we can now pick up on our bookstore shelves .
 I had several close friends recommend Dune to me , all proclaiming how amazing it was as a novel , only to hear later that not one of them finished it for the same reason
 Do n't get me wrong , i LOVE love love DUNE , but this is a review for this edition . As a rather thick soft cover book i have to manually hold the book open while i 'm reading . Sounds like a dumb complaint , except that when you put your fingers on the text the ink smears . The pages are some kind of smooth newsprint-like paper . This is n't a big problem if you only read the book once i guess -LRB- although once you get to the right hand page there might be a big ol' thumb print on it -RRB- but i think that you will want to read it again and again.Maybe my hands are extra sweaty or i just had a bum copy or something but i have NEVER had this problem before , and i 've read the next five books in the series as well , the paper is different.I 've read this book three times , and after noticing the problem the first time i have to hold the book open at the teeny little borders at the edge of the page , which really is n't fun . When i 'm reading this book i want to be able to concentrate on the spectacular world that is created for me in my mind and not on avoiding the text.I suggest trying a different edition if you do n't want thumb cramps and smeared words !
 A `` Definitive ... Encyclopedia '' without an Index ?!?!?! That 's the first flaw that caught me when I received the book . It dawned on me I spent -LRB- which later I realised it was wasted rather than spent -RRB- 25 $ on an unprofessional almost useless book.For years I have thought of the Grateful Dead as the MOST overrated band in the rock scene.Only recently have I realised how wrong I was . Once realised that I turned to Ammazon for help - purchasing a whole bunch of Cds and books.I orders `` The American Book of THE DEAD - The Definitive Grateful Dead Encyclopedia '' hoping it will help me get the basic knowledge fast and compensate for my lost time . Was I disappointed -LRB- not to say shocked -RRB- to see there was no intex to help me navigate around . Encyclopedia is a very demanding term which the writer chose to ignore completely.OK , I started to navigate the `` Encyclopedia '' myself according the ABC and was prety disappointed by the writing style and the info given.I 've read in other reviews there are some missing terms , let me add one which really pissed me off - Fillmore . You got to be kidding me.Another missing item that was mentioned is - Wall of Sound . Let me guide you to the W section of this book - 2 poor pages -LRB- no Z btw in this encyclopedia -RRB- with no mention of Working Man 's Dead , NO KIDDIN ' ! So , to sum this up : * The book is outdated - 1997 -LRB- 13 years ago -RRB- . Dick 's Pick is stuck at volume 7 , and all last years issues are ofcourse abssent . I 'd think a serious encyclopedia gets updated from time to time . * No INDEX makes this book prety useless . * Poor presentation and grafix - well , that 's a matter of taste . IMHO , thinking of the amazing posters , light shows and tye-die shirts connected to the Grateful Dead I think the poor B&W ; photos do not match the expected standards . * Some lists like Discography is a MUST . And a defenetive source MUST have a thouruogh one ; A band family tree is essential ; Seems not much inovation and thought was put into this book , and it is defenetly not defenetive . Can someone PLEASE recommand a real good defenetive source ?
 It is hardly definitve in that , for two things , it does n't even mention Hank Harrison and plays down Pig Pen McKernan 's role in forming the band . Not mentioning Harrison -LRB- or bad rapping him -RRB- is ironic since the book cover emphaiszes , in large print , the words THE DEAD , which is , not coincidentaly , the title of Harrison 's trilogy , Trager can hardly be thought of as a literary artist . I give it 2 stars for reference only .
 Like the reviewer socrates 17 , I am waiting for ABC/Stephen King to credit Lars von Trier as the source of this new mini-series . Unfortunately , judging from the promotions for the series -LRB- which include this book , published by an arm of ABC network -RRB- , it does n't seem that they will . Instead , they seem to be trying to pass this book off as the truth when , in fact , there is n't even a Kingdom Hospital in Maine - -LRB- CMCC hospital is the one utilized in this series -RRB- . Yes , this story is simply the thinly -LRB- VERY thinly -RRB- changed story of Riget -LRB- i.e. , the Kingdom -RRB- and Riget II , brilliantly written and directed by Lars von Trier in 1994 and 1997 respectively . When I contacted Zentropa studios with my concern , they said that the rights to Riget and Riget II had been sold to the television series , but not the accreditation . They , too , are obviously waiting for ABC to make the proper acknowledgement.Given this , I would pass on the book and , instead , see the wonderful von Trier originals . As socrates 17 says , it is possible to find Riget in PAL format from Amazon UK although in my case , I was lucky enough to find it in a now defunct video store in NTSC format . Riget II is occasionally shown on tv - IFC showed it about a year ago and one of the pay channels -LRB- STARZ , I think -RRB- showed it this past fall . Definately check these von Trier films out ; they are uniquely plotted , wonderfully shot and acted and I still have the images of Udo Kier -LRB- as the monstrous baby -RRB- in my mind .
 Save your money - this is n't a complete story , just a printed trailer for the TV series . Bought it , read it , and returned it in disgust .
 I would n't have bothered to read this if I had realized that it 's just a teaser for King 's new TV show . The `` story '' ends abruptly with no resolution , presumably to make one sure to tune in to get one , which makes me feel cheap and used . I 'd probably be more disgruntled but I did n't actually purchase the book.Other than that , it 's not an abysmally bad story , but it 's not great or ground-breaking either . The plotline seemed a little too generic for King , which makes more sense now that I have read that it 's a re-interpretation of a work by Von Trier.I think some of King 's work is really excellent , but I would rank this towards the bottom of his writings . That said , being ranked low for King is better than some author 's best , especially in the `` horror '' genre .
 I was intrigued by the now cancelled TV show and so decided to pick up the book that the show was based on so I could have some closure on the story . Unfortunately , the book is nothing more than a lead in to the show . The books ends about where the show picks up . Needless to say I am still in the dark about where the story goes and how it ends . Very frustrating . It was a decent book up to the abrupt and unsatisfying ending .
 I have been reading this book and am annoyed that I can put it down and , when I pick it up again , can not begin to tell whether I 've already read the section I begin reading . It is flat , with no real suspense , unless you count the question , `` Was this really written by Stephen King ? '' as part of the book . It is pretty far off in its depiction of the paranormal , beginning with the ants . If this is King 's work , he has succeeded at seeming to be a complete amateur . If it is Druse 's , why is it a work of fiction ? Sorry , this book makes me `` harrumph . '' I wish I 'd bought something else .
 I am quite upset with the reviewer who says no one in this country has heard of Lars Von Trier . Many people have . Bjork has even been in one of his movies , gim me a break ! This book seems just a fictional tie in to Stephen King 's series and the money used to buy it would be better seen going to buy the original Kingdom by Von Trier . I am currently watching King 's version but I hope none of his viewers think this was totally his idea or that it is real . I am not saying one Kingdom is better than the other , I only wish viewers to educate themselves by watching Von Trier 's version too and not making such sweeping judgements that Americans are too stupid to read subtitles or enjoy a TV series from another country!Having said this , I am sure King 's fans will enjoy it if it is read as a fiction . Maybe some of Lars Von Trier fans will like it too . I just higly recommend seeing both and then deciding which you like more . And yes , Kingdom 2 aired a few months ago on IFC , so it is accessible ... you can also get a copy of Kingdom 1 on VHS .
 Journals is nothing more than a teaser for the upcoming ABC movie . The story is not original and , frankly , much of it does n't even make sense . I have been a King fan since Salem 's Lot when I was only in high school . I have always looked forward to his new releases . After the Ellen Rimbauer dud and now this one , I wonder if King has lost his spark . His writings have , in the past , always had an edge that made you wonder what was going on in his head . This book and the Ellen Rimbauer Diary are like warmed up leftovers . My advice is do n't waste your time on this book .
 I loved the television series , so I thought I 'd check out the book.Huge Mistake !! This novel went absolutely no where . I hated it!Come to think of it , the book doesnt even deserve the time its taken me to reveiw it .
 I should have known better after the `` Rose Red '' trash . This is a cheap ploy to sucker you in to watching the series . Not only that , I 've noticed Stephen King 's current writing is concerned more with his pet peeves , political leanings , and predjudices than with telling a good story . Maybe it is time for King to retire .
 This book has an incredibly slow start . I was n't until about page 92 that the story actually got a bit interesting . This book made me remember why I do n't read Stephen King . It was just out of despiration , and the fact that I did n't have another book with me that I actually continued to read it . If I had n't spent $ 20 on it , I would have gotten rid of it .
 Oh , what a waste of time . Maybe it 's good in tandem with the -LRB- now cancelled -RRB- TV show , but alone it 's tedious , it drags , and , since it 's designed to get you to watch the show , has no real resolution or denoument . If you MUST read it , get it from the library , do n't waste your money .
 PPeeewww !! This show is horrible . Long , drawn out , my gosh , when I watched the first two hours of the premier on channel 7 I thought it was only going to be a two hour movie . Towards the end I thought `` Wait a minute . Do n't tell me this is going to be a series !!! '' Then I find out it 's a 13 week series . 13 WEEKS !! What the heck can they do for 13 hours ? If the book is anything like the TV show , and by reading some of the reviews it seems it is , well the book must be just as horrible . What a waste of time . The concept is great . A hospital built over a grave of children who died in a fire many years before . That would 've been cool . But , man , did they drag it out . What 's with the Aardvark ? Heck , I do n't know . But you know that the Stephen King 's `` IT '' was great !!!! Until the very end . When it turned out to be this big `` Spider '' and the clown was working for him to lure people to it . That was pretty stupid . They could 've done it without the Spider . But , the rest of it was very well done and it was n't 13 weeks !! Here 's a lesson
 I have n't read this book yet , but I am disturbed by the fact that this book sounds almost identical to a John Saul book titled Hell Fire published in 1986 . Same scenario - mill in small town catches on fire , children die , soul of child is disturbed during renovation -LRB- to a mall instead of a hospital -RRB- and evil things start happening.Perhaps the book itself is quite different , but the plot just sounds too familiar .
 Else then creating personalities to cover his complexes -LRB- first Bachman and now Eleanor -RRB- , Mr King has now bacame a thief . Go wach the original Tv-series art by Lars Von Trier , The Kingdom . A 8 part post-modern TV series about unnatural events that take place in a hospital.There must be a border between the art of writing/literature and marketing tricks . And Mr.King has just crossed it.Stephen is now writing under the name Eleanor . After Richard he has developed another personality . Just a marketing trick . AND HE HAS STOLEN LARS VON TRIER 's work , THE KINGDOM -LRB- or did he bought it ? -RRB- anyway it is all a fraud . Shame on you mr king.You may trick the `` culture-free '' illiterate americans . But not everyone .
 As an avid reader of the horror genre and scary books I was disturbed that this was neither . One could not even classify this as a mystery or suspense . It is really utter nonsense . It is insulting for the author to claim that he is a trained investigator in any sense . Yet he willingly without any investigation gets involved in blood rituals and seances . Any expert in the occult has a healthy respect for the preternatural . Nany Drew would have done a better job on any one of the highly suspicious and improbable cases . This book should be geared for the 6 to 9 year old age group and unless they are camping alone in a cemetary at midnight on a full moon they would not belive or be scard . This book was a waste of money .
 I 'm a newbie to Autocad . I was fooled by the previous reviewer , thinking this might be a good book to start out my Autocad carreer . When I got the book and realized that the content is too little and it mentions NOTHING on the 3D part of AutoCAd . I have to return this book and got `` AutoCAD 2002
 Too much words with no much information
 Any historian who is attempting to write history is obliged to be as objective and professional as possible . Further , history must be based upon the historians thoughts not upon his or her feelings . He or she is obliged to present all the evidence , and to address any significant contradictory data to his or her interpretation . He or she is also obliged to acknowledge and respond to contrary interpretations . If he or she does not do this , he or she is not writing history but is writing a political tract or something even less centered upon the historical truth -LRB- like out and out propaganda -RRB- . Brinkley fails to meet this standard period , and consequently , Tour of Duty is NOT a `` piece '' of history . The fact that is an election year actually only made it more incumbent upon him to have admitted his limitations and prejudices which should have been followed by an even more determined effort at objectivity because , after all , he is supposedly writing for the historical record -LRB- not of course to get Kerry elected -RRB- . If Brinkley has political views that inhibited a balanced account , he simply should not have published this book as a work of history . We must never forget that tyrants -LRB- Hitler , Stalin , Mao , Castro , Pol Pot , Saddam , you name it -RRB- ALWAYS attempt to have history rewritten to make it more flattering or to comform to their own selfish interests , and even in inclusive societies such as ours , there are those who surrender to this temptation , a point Tour of Duty only makes too well !
 There can be no question that this work is politically motivated . How else does one explain its convenient release during primary season ? The author , who -LRB- surprise surprise -RRB- is a `` liberal '' historian and academic , had to know that Kerry was planning a run before beginning his research at least a year or more ago . This fact together with the entire tone of the work illustrate that , yes Virginia , it is a campaign book . Missing in action is the probable role that Kerry 's privileged position as a friend of the Kennedy Klan played in his `` war service '' and `` decorations '' -LRB- PT-109 indeed -RRB- . Also largely absent is a honest assessment of his subsequent efforts to undermind his country while it was at war -LRB- opposing a position was one thing during Viet Nam , actively supporting your country 's enemies was something else entirely -RRB- . What emerges here if one actually knows something about Kerry 's life and career before starting , is a fairly masterful piece of propaganda , which is why I give it two stars . But let 's remember that lots of men -LRB- including U.S. Grant , Douglas MacArthur , and Adolf Hitler -RRB- have been more geniunely war heroes than John Kerry , and most certainly would not or did not made good presidents . This is especially true for a man , like Kerry , who has done everthing inside and outside of office he can to undercut his country 's defense . The good news is that if you want to see the President defeated for re-election , you will find enough illusion here to assuage your conscious in voting for a shallow opportunist like Kerry . But do n't fool yourself that this book has anything to do with historical truth .
 Okay , please allow me to point a few things things out
 This is my second review , and it is inspired by the startling naivet&eacute; demonstrated by the reviewer who insists that since Brinkley is a professional historian he could not , therefore , be politically motivated in his composition of this `` biography '' of John Kerry . I , too , am a professional historian , and while I can not claim that my books match the popularity of Brinkley 's , I have a professional understanding of the process of writing works in history . The reality is this
 A normal Tour of Duty lasts 1 year . For Kerry , it only lasted 4 months . And in those four months , Kerry collected a record three Purple Hearts , two Silver Stars and a Bronz Star ? C'mon ! If this were legitimate , Kerry would be a bigger hero than Audie Murphy!I know it 's old news now . This book was intended to be and was a political tool to help Kerry become president in 2004 . Kerry lost decisively . It 's over . But for Kerry to say that he did all of these things is absolute nonsense . For Douglas Brinkley to claim this as history as like a movie producer claiming a fiction movie of a action hero -LRB- perhaps played by Chuck Norris -RRB- is history and reality too ! C'mon ! And there are still people giving this book five stars?PT Barnum would be proud of the efforts of Kerry and Douglas Brinkley.HURRY , HURRY , HURRY . COME SEE THE COMMUNIST TRAITOR JOHN KERRY WHO FINKED ONHIS COUNTRY AND HIS COMRADES . HURRY , HURRY , HURRY . COME READ ABOUT THE MYTH OF KERRY 'S HEROISM ALL FABRICATED BY KERRY AND ENDORSED BY DOUGLAS BRINKLEY .
 This was a great piece of work for fiction , any relation to the truth is a far fetched as Star Wars ' Han Solo being a real person . Those that were there know the truth and this does not resemble anything close to it . Do n't waste your money !!!!!!
 Do n't waste your money on `` Tour '' it 's full of lies & half truths.The Swift Boat vets for truth have proven that the war stories in the book are false.A better purchase would be Unfit For Command - proven to be 100 % true by everyone.I 'm John F. Kerry & I approve of this message .
 This book should be catalogued in the non fiction comic book section of the bookstore . I was able to breeze through this book with much speed . It was almost comical how the author built into fact so many disassociated items of fiction . I wanted to challenge them as I read but there were so many . If this were a film , the critics would pan it as too unbelievable to be credible . One must approach this book in the context that what one reads is totally fabricated .
 It was just a little over 13 months ago that Americans flushed this john and voted for leadership . We did n't buy into the lies or false claims of heroism perpetrated by Kerry and writers like Brinkley who rely on their subject for facts -LRB- fat chance -RRB- The economy is moving well . Iraq is moving well regardless what Kerry says . This Kerry promotional piece did not work and thank God for that.HAPPY ANNIVERSARY AMERICANS ! WE ALL `` FLUSHED THE JOHNS IN 2004 ! ''
 This book along with the book by George Butler is so full of crap and hype about Kerry that it makes me laugh . Should be listed as fiction and would make for a great novel . Everybody who really knows Kerry laughs whenever mention of this book is brought up.Those who knew Kerry back in 1966-67 knew how much he wanted to prevent being drafted and stay out of the service . Kerry claiming to be a war hero is like Michael Moore claiming to be an athlete . Give me a break !
 Just one of the many lies i n this book overlooked -LRB- ???? -RRB- by Douglas Brinkley was Kerry supposedly in Cambodia in 1968 and havinga telephone conversation with Pres. Nixon . HINT
 Propaganda piece to make John Kerry look presidential . Does n't do enough in covering John Kerry 's radical extremism in slandering US GI 's in Vietnam as war criminals and the bad guys . Kerry served a total of 4 months and this book makes it out like he is a regular Audie Murphy , do all for your brothers in arms . Kerry sought to get out after getting a third Purple Heart -LRB- due to very minor ` injuries ' -RRB- and got out after those 4 months , leaving those ` brothers in arms ' to come back and join the pro-Hanoi , Fonda sponsored Vietnam Veterans against the War , a very radical , communist loving group that slandered the US and our troops still over there -LRB- The North Vietnamese used Kerry 's supportive rhetoric as propaganda with our POWs -RRB- as the one committing the wrongs and this book attempts to sugar coat it . Kerry is a phony . This book is a phony .
 As a daughter of a army veteran and a true `` indenpent '' . Many of those who died for the USA consider Kerry a traitor . Our family were there Nothing in this book changes that my opinion .
 The truth has finally come out . The Swift Boat Veterans finally got it in the open.John Kerry is a liar , nothing more , nothing less
 I started reading it , but could n't continue when I found out that the `` Facts '' were being altered by Kerry and Brinkley . In the meantime , read `` Unfit for Command '' . It gives several excerpts from this book anyway . Then maybe when the new version of the NON fiction comes out I 'll read it . Although , I thought NON fiction was truth and truth could n't be changed ... I guess it depends on whose truth it is . I gave it one star because it 's pretty thick and I think it probably took a lot of imagination to come up with that much .
 I purchased this book to try and learn a little more about the man who would be the Democratic nominee , and frankly I did n't feel I learned anything that his sound-bytes harp on me over and over . The book is a long and dry book that 's quite slow of a read . Kerry strikes the reader throughout the book to continue to be a condescending bag of hot air aimed at ruining this country via his hypocracy .
 When in doubt change the subject , call people names , or make an appeal to emotion , right ? Come on ! Tour of Duty has nothing to do with the events of World War II -LRB- and certainly not Pearl Harbor -RRB- . It has nothing to do with Max Cleland , other than the fact that like John Kerry he received a purple heart in Viet Nam - only in his case he suffered geniune wounds and became actually incapable of duty -LRB- unlike Kerry -RRB- . If John Kerry is a hero , Tour of Duty fails to prove it , that is unless one 's definition is so general and faith-based as to be objectively meaningless.You can run from the truth but you can not hide , Tour of Duty is just a a campaign book glossing over the truth to create a false image of man who has no apparent ideals other than his own self advancement -LRB- `` I oppose gay marriage , I also oppose any effort to ban it '' -RRB- , no apparent leadership skills skills other than following whatever he thinks will serve his political ambition -LRB- `` I support the removal of the evil dictator Saddam , I oppose the president 's poor judgement in invading Iraq '' -RRB- , and certainly not much value as a soldier , expense-paid-for-by-Jane-Fonda anti-war `` activist , '' or as an United States Senator - what has he ever actually done in that capacity that matters ? Even this campaign biography , if read with some skepticism , can only confirms these sad truth about the liberal junior senator from Massachusetts .
 This book is more a work of fiction than reality . As a historian Brinkley 's book contributes nothing to the history of Vietnam and it is inaccurate in it 's portrayal of Kerry 's exploits . It relies too much on Kerry 's diary and not enough on the recollections of the 200 plus men who served with Kerry . As a retired naval officer and a collector of navy medals for over 40 years , I found major holes in Kerry 's records indicating conflict between the book and reality . Regretfully , Kerry has not released numerous pages of his record thus the truth of the matter will not be resolved . One would expect that if the records indeed supported Kerry , that he would have proudly shown them to the world . In the end , Brinkley 's scholarship is lacking through a failure to pursue readily available sources . The result is an unbalanced view of Kerry and his service in the Navy .
 I never got past the chapters of Kerry 's experiences on the USS GRIDLEY . Since I served with him the entire year , I can assure readers that it is filled with exaggeration and fantasy . Kerry makes himself out to be Master and Commander when he was just a goofy boot Ensign . There are a number of things that are just plain not true and lots of exaggeration . It is not a serious work but clearly a piece of campaign fluff.Don ' t waste your money unless you are Democratic to the core and need some fluff to get you excited !
 I find it absoultely incredible that someone believes everything that is shoved down their throats . Just because some historian says that he is a hero does not mean that he is . I tried to read this book , but could n't finish , it was that bad . Kerry 's `` purple hearts '' should n't even count . I mean , look at the guy . He has NO visible injuries and he got out of vietnam with Purple Hearts ??? All three purple hearts were signed on the SAME DAY . John Kerry does not deserve to even be called a veteran , much less a hero .
 I can hardly believe that this book is being distributed as factual and historical . A respected author has written a political essay of propaganda . The mighty `` hero '' John Kerry is nothing but a liar and someone who has attempted to shame and hurt the image of a generation of brave American 's who did what their country asked of them . His flagrant charges which are totally false were nothing but an attack on our country . How anyone could believe he is a hero is so mistakenly foolish to believe this nonsense . Do your own research . The truth is n't found in the pages of this trash . There were NONE of the atrocities written in the book . Where did Douglas Brinkley get his information ? The truth is there are many respected Naval officers who were there as well as enlisted men who served WITH John F. Kerry LT -LRB- jg -RRB- USN who vouch for none of his charges . God help our great country if Senator Kerry becomes our Commander-in-Chief .
 Kerry is a pumpedup little windbag who has never done anything of substance in his life - that is the real story between the lines of this book . He is a multimillionaire thanks to his wives , has been the handpicked `` boy '' of the Kennedy clan , while all along having no real beliefs at all -LRB- as illustrated recently by his newly announced `` conviction '' that a fetus is a human being , which the polls show might be the more popular stance , but , of course , he is also on record as promising to appoint if he ever gets the chance `` pro-choice '' justices to the Supreme Court . -RRB- He has shown less leadership than the secretary of the local PTA , and the charisma of a sick bulldog -LRB- and a not dissimilar appearance -RRB- . This book needs to be understood as part of the effort to coverup these truths . However , it has value because they are there ; if you look past the `` gee whiz '' rhetoric of its obviously biased author , John Kerry emerges as the absolutely least suitable candidate the Democrat party has thrown up EVER , and that includes such lumnaries as George McGovern -LRB- who was at least a man of integrity -RRB- , Michael Dukakus . Jimmy Carter.Among other things this book amply answers the question as to why the terrorists and the French want Kerry to win . Have you ever wondered why ? Well , if you were at war with United States , who better as president than a guy who has based his career upon subverting one American war effort and then has consistently voted against every major upgrade of his country 's military efficiency -LRB- M1 tank , Apache helicopter , you name it -RRB- ? So if you are geniunely interested in the truth about John Kerry the pacifist , trophy husband , and militant opponent of America 's ability to defend itself , get this book and try to read it objectively !!
 After I bought this book and started reading it , I discovered that the author , Douglas Brinkley is doing a rewrite because some of the information provided by Senator Kerry has turned out to be false and misleading . And as I understand it , the changes are still coming . Perhaps Mr. Brinkley should have done himself a favor , and written this book in pencil . It 's a lot easier to clean up the errors that way . Are they going to issue free addendums of the new rewrites , or am I going to have to buy a whole new book to get the newest version of Kerry 's story ?
 This book is nothing but lies and propaganda . Nothing in this book is factual . Nothing but `` Walter Mitty '' .
 Only John Kerry would allow a book like this to be printed about himself . John Kerry , the guy who tried to get out of going into the service on a deferrment and when that was denied pulled every lowdown , dirty trick he could come up with including applying for fake Purple Hearts so he could get out early , go home , run a phony anti-war campaign and then run for President.The biggest insult of all was at the DNC back on July , 2004 when Kerry made that phony salute and said `` I 'm John Kerry reporting for duty . '' 34 years earlier , Kerry was singing quite a different tune . More like `` I 'm John Kerry trying to get out of the service on a deferrment . '' OR `` I 'm John Kerry trying to rack up phony Purple Hearts from self inflicted and minor scrapes so I can get the heck out of here and go home . `` As if Kerry 's military background was not a myth , we now all know that his supposed academic prowess was also a myth . While Kerry claimed to be an A student , in fact he was a D student . And that great speech that he made in 1971 , supposedly prepared by Kerry in the wee morning hours with little preparation was in fact written for him by Robert Kennedy 's speechwriter who had been coaching Kerry for months . But why be surprised ? Has Kerry ever told us the truth about anything ? Answer
 Tour of Duty was just another example of the ineptitude of the Kerry people and how they underestimated the survivors , the real heroes of Vietnam . Perhaps Kerry , Brinkley and company thought that these brave heroes would forget or would not come forward or were dead.Perhaps Kerry and his minions thought that nobody would check and let Kerry get away with his flagrant lies about heroism . NOT ON OUR WATCH!The title of t his book is also just another example of how Kerry tries to align himself with hollywood . In this case , taking a title that was a popular tv show . Sorry , but the actors in that tv show were better . The only comparison is that in both cases , it is all ficion . In the case of this book , the fiction part has been taken to an extreme.Nice try , but this pr campaign to try to land Kerry a seat in the oval office did n't work . Too many people know the facts about Kerry.I also recommend that you check out wintersoldier.com for more info on Kerry . The real John Kerry .
 If you believe the picture painted in this book about Kerry , I have a bridge for sale . This is a complete puff piece that no self respecting `` Historian '' would publish . Read `` Unfit for Command '' to get the truth !
 A memo to : Jack in Toronto , I have a suggestion for you . Pick up John Plaster 's book -- `` SOG '' or Hal Moore 's book , `` We Were Soldiers Once and Young '' then expound on how heroic John `` Kahn '' Kerry was in his 4 month tour of Vietnam in comparison to the real men who fought , received Medals of Honor , were wounded and were killed in the Vietnam war from which John `` Kahn '' Kerry deros ` ed home early , to accuse of disgusting and untrue acts , to further his own narcissistic ambitions.Brinkley 's book to me was a waste of time , although the truth of Kerry 's egotism , arrogance and unscrupulous ambition is there for all but the blind to see.Kerry ranks even lower in the eyes of millions of we Canadians than all of the deserters and draft dodgers who found refuge from serving their country in Trudeau 's socialist Canada and that 's about as low on the scale of cowardice as one could be . This may come as a revelation to you but there were upwards of 20,000 to 40,000 -LRB- never an accurate statistic -RRB- Canadians who crossed the border to join the forces and fought in Vietnam . John `` Kahn '' Kerry included them in his anti-war accusations of ` baby killers and murderers ' which many will never forgive .
 Brinkley often refers to Kerry 's service on board Navy ships cruising in the Eastern Pacific , showing that he is directionally challenged , and also demonstrating that he had no experienced navy people read the manuscript before publication.All sailors and naval officers know the word `` Westpac '' as being that ocean area close to Asia and its many exotic ports . If Kerry was gaining his naval experience cruising the Eastern Pacific , he was very close to his San Diego apartment , far , far from Nam . An inexcusable error showing sloppiness on the part of the author.Then there is PCF-94 's mission 91 0n Feb 28,1969 , when Kerry abandoned his Swift boat , M-16 in hand , to chase down an enemy combatant in the forest , a clear violation of the rules of engagement . `` We had been taught at Coronado -LRB- in training -RRB- that we were n't supposed to become jungle fighters , '' his crewman , Sandusky , said . -LRB- Page291 -RRB- In so acting , Kerry left his craft unattended , hazarding boat and crew . Lucky for him , his superiors did not decide to court-martial him . His audacious , albeit improper , conduct got him a silver star instead.The Silver Star is normally given for `` Gallentry in Action '' and is the nations third highest award for Valor , but it is sometimes given for political purposes . Look up the Silver Star given to LBJ in WWII to see what I mean .
 The book reads very well , but the analysis is pure political puff . As a Vietnam Vet , I can tell you that atrocities were few and far between . Brinkley ignored most of the Swift Boat charges against Kerry . He presented most of the Winter Soldier `` Investigation '' as fact when much of it has been discredited.It is interesting to read this book in conjunction with Unfit for Command . You get a totally different interpretation of what went on . And it appears to me the numerous officers who contributed to Unfit for Command have it right.One of the interesting things is that Brinkley never even bothered to delve into Kerry 's admission on the Cavette and Russert shows that he committed war crimes , including the burning of civilian homes . Hard to believe he did not ask that question . A glaring ommission .
 If John Kerry believes he is qualified to be President of the United States simply because he is war a veteran ... 5 million other veterans of this nation should be on the ballot as well . Mr. Kerry stop talking about Vietnam and start talking about the issues . No one in the country wants to be reminded about a war we lost . My registration card says democratic , but come November my vote will not .
 Before commenting on kerry 's book ... lets first seperate the FACTS from the SPIN about kerry so that we can ` Objectively ' judge the DNC Presidential nominee !!! BUT , do NOT bother to read the following FACTS -LRB- verus SPIN -RRB- unless youre ` really ' interested in thee TRUTH !!! ====================================================== But 1st , altho I 'm not going to dwell on the suspicion of 3 Purple Hearts -LRB- from seperate events -RRB- within only 4 months . -LRB- But , I am REALLY curious as to why kerry still refuses to sign `` form # 180 '' ... and release his combat medical records for public observation ... WHY ?! -RRB- . ====================================================== Now , as to FACTS about what kerry has really said and done since VietNam ... that everyone should be aware of !
 Too bad Brinkley missed the boat with this pack of lies . Another piece of Kerry-esque
 Have found significant portions of book embelished to point of fiction . Real story was good without the self serving embelishment . Brinkley missed a great opportunity to tell true story , makes John Kerry big target for those of ill will who know real story . Brinkley ghost writer not historian with this book .
 The book has no information on Kerry 's `` tour of duty '' with Hanoi Jane and her gang.Nothing on how North Vietnam 's leader dredit Kerry & Fonda for saving North Vietnam from defeat . Nothing on how Kerry 's family financial benefitted from the normalization of relations with his old comrades in the `` new '' Vietnam .
 This book was written by Brinkley using Kerry 's journals , notes , and official Naval Records . Kerry seems to have spent vast amounts of time writing in his journals . The book seems to be surprisingly synchphantic , I lost count of how many `` spellbinding speeches '' Kerry gave to save the day . He is vague when he wants to be and glosses over , or even omits certain facts , such as the trips he took to Paris to meet with the representatives of the Viet Cong . His campaign has been forced to admit that he did in fact go to Paris just after his honeymoon in 1970 , but refuses to divy up what Kerry talked about , other than it was a `` fact-finding mission . '' The book also says of John being at the Detroit Winter Soldier Hearings , that he was there to listen , on a `` fact-finding '' mission , and to make vague suggestions to the participants aboutwhat `` atrocities '' they were going to confess too . He sugar coatsjust about everything , his explaination of how he got his threepurple hearts is interesting . He admits that earlier in the dayhe got `` tiny bits of grenade shrapnel and rice pellets blown inhis ass '' after someone blew up a rice hootch . There were no enemy in the area at the time . Later the same day comes the famous saving of Rassman , where Kerry claims Rassman fell off another boat , -LRB- in his Bronze Star Citation -RRB- Rassman falls of his . Kerry knocks his forearm against the boat . That night he goes for medical treatment of the arm , a slight concussion and the -LRB- ... -RRB- shrapnel . The Casualty Report says the contusion was `` very minor `` but evidently enough for another Purple Heart.Four days later he gets his third Purple Heart , the very sameday , at 7:42 in the morning his commander puts in the Thrice-Wounded reassignment request , this is in the book . Kerryis then again vague as to the exact day he leaves Vietnam , yethe can remember seeing Rassman in the water , several hundred yardsaway , with bullets flying all around him . Kerry says that `` since he got shrapnel three different times in action '' he qualified to leave his one year tour of duty eights months early.I am comparing Kerry 's book against the official Navy documents on his website , there seems to be some that should be there that are n't , especially the Thrice-Wounded request . The book hasseveral glaring inconsistencies . He spends one sentence on hisNavy Reserve duty that he was obligated to do in the early seventies while at the same time involved in the VVAW , meeting with the enemy in Paris , ect.The other part of the book is how fantastic an orator Kerry is , spellbinding audiences and evidently biographers everywhere , this book is too funny in it 's glorification of Kerry . If you are interested in the book , buy it used .
 O starts . The book fails to mention how Kerry smeared Vietnam Vets by calling them all `` babykillers '' in front of the Senate.Much of Kerry 's speech before Congress painted his fellow GIs as so brutal that , today , they could easily be mistaken for Saddam Hussein 's Fedayeen killers.He reported to Congress that U.S. soldiers had `` personally raped , cut off ears , cut off heads , taped wires from portable telephones to human genitals and turned up the power , cut off limbs , blown up bodies , randomly shot at civilians , razed villages , shot cattle and dogs for fun , poisoned food stocks , and generally ravaged the countryside of South Vietnam . `` C. Stewart Forbes , Chief Executive Officer of Colliers International -LRB- Kerry 's cousin -RRB- , was awarded a contract worth billions designating Colliers International as the exclusive real estate agent representing Vietnam.Kerry 's group , The Vietnam Veterans Against the War Organization , was funded by Jane Fonda.Jane Fonda personally sought out returning American soldiers from Vietnam to solicit them to publicly speak out against American atrocities against Vietnamese women and children during her broadcasts . North Vietnamese officials based in Canada allegedly coordinated her broadcasts.In 1972 Jane Fonda , Tom Hayden and others traveled to North Vietnam to give their support to the North Vietnamese 's Government . When she returned to the United States , she advised the news media that all of the American Prisoners of War were being well treated and were not being tortured.As the American POWs returned home in 1973 , they spoke out about the inhumane treatment and torture they had suffered as prisoners of war . Their stories directly contradicted Jane Fonda 's earlier statements of 1972 . Some of the American POWs such as Senator John McCain , a former Presidential candidate , stated that he was tortured by his guards for refusing to meet with Jane Fonda and her group . Jane Fonda , in her response to these new allegations , referred to the returning POWs as being `` hypocrites and liars . `` The Wall Street Journal -LRB- August 3 , 1995 -RRB- published an interview with Bui Tin who served on the General Staff of the North Vietnam Army and received the unconditional surrender of South Vietnam on April 30 , 1975 . During the interview Mr. Tin was asked if the American antiwar movement was important to Hanoi 's victory . Mr. Tin responded `` It was essential to our strategy '' referring to the war being fought on two fronts , the Vietnam battlefield and back home in America through the antiwar movement on college campuses and in the city streets . He further stated the North Vietnamese leadership listened to the American evening news broadcasts `` to follow the growth of the American antiwar movement . '' Visits to Hanoi made by persons such as Jane Fonda , former Attorney General Ramsey Clark and various church ministers `` gave us confidence that we should hold on in the face of battlefield reverses . '' Mr. Tin surmised that `` America lost because of its democracy ; through dissent and protest it lost the ability to mobilize a will to win . '' Mr. Tin further advised that General Vo Nguyen Giap -LRB- Commanding General of the North Vietnam Army -RRB- said the 1968 Tet Offensive was a defeat . Gen. Giap in his book , made the same statement , adding that they were surprised by the news media reporting and the demonstrations in America . Instead of seeking a conditional surrender , they would now hold out because America 's resolve was weakening and victory could be theirs.From 1969 to the end of the war over 20,000 American soldiers lost their lives in a war that the United States did not have the resolve to win . If General Giap was accurate in his assessment that North Vietnam was going to seek a conditional surrender at the Paris Peace Conference , but stopped due to the sensationalism of the American news media and the anti-war protests following the 1968 Tet Offensive , it follows that those who participated in these anti-war activities have to share partial responsibility for those 20,000 + Americans deaths.We won the war on the battlefield but lost it back home on the college campuses and in the city streets.Americans must realize that there are agents * operating in this Country attempting to undermine our Country and it 's leadership through our democratic principles in an effort to achieve a foreign country 's goal . A prime example of such a person during the Vietnam War was Jane Fonda , an admitted Socialist , who blatantly supported North Vietnam . * Agent - Any person who works to obtain the goals of another nation either for money or for their own political beliefs.A valuable lesson was taught by North Vietnam to other nations on how the United States may be defeated by fighting a two front war - the battlefield and the American home front . We must be aware of this vulnerability.In 1975 , after the fall of the South Vietnam Government , Jane Fonda returned to Hanoi with her newborn son Troy for a celebration in her honor for the work she had done for North Vietnam . During the celebration , her son was christened after a Viet Cong hero , Nguyen Van Troi . Troi had attempted to assassinate Secretary of Defense Robert McNamara while on his visit to South Vietnam in 1963 . The South Vietnam Government executed Troi for this attempted assassination .
 This book should be in the fiction category . I 'm sure Kerry stayed up late every night and dreamed up what would sound good for a person with political aspirations before he wrote up the days ` After Action Reports ' . I just wonder why the author did n't talk about Kerry 's three deferments he applied for and received . When he applied for his fourth to study in France he was turned down so he rushed down to join the Navy where he thought he would be far from action . What a shock it must 've been when after a few months he was assigned to somewhere where there was real danger . This is probably when he dreamed up his plan to get three purple hearts so he could leave after only four months . How can he talk about his ` Tour of Duty ' when he was only there for four months ?
 Nothing but a whitewash of Kerry 's military `` career '' intended as propaganda for support of Kerry 's political ambitions.John Kerry 's entire life is a lie . This book takes from Kerry 's writings the false biography of his Vietnam experiences . It is nothing but a rehash of Kerry 's false reports and self-glorifying phony biography .
 The book is a whitewash on how Kerry & Jane Fonda helped North Vietnam . Kerry & Fonda 's efforts encouraged the North Vietnamese to fight on . The NV leadership said they were ready to go for a conditional surrender after 1969 but decided to fight on thanks to the efforts of Kerry , Fonda and Ramsey Clark.Kerry is a hero in JFK 's Vietnam War but a hero for North Vietnam . In 1975 , the North Vietnamese rewarded Kerry with a sweetheart real esatet deal for Kerry 's cousin .
 John Kerry and his associate Jane Fonda ran the The Vietnam -LRB- faux -RRB- Veterans Against the War Organization . They were instrumental in helping North Vietnam win the war and turning the tide . North Vietnam was ready to surrender conditionally until Kerry & Fonda rendered their aid.As the American POWs returned home in 1973 , they spoke out about the inhumane treatment and torture they had suffered as prisoners of war . Their stories directly contradicted Jane Fonda 's earlier statements of 1972 . Some of the American POWs such as Senator John McCain , a former Presidential candidate , stated that he was tortured by his guards for refusing to meet with Jane Fonda and her group . Jane Fonda , in her response to these new allegations , referred to the returning POWs as being `` hypocrites and liars . `` The Wall Street Journal -LRB- August 3 , 1995 -RRB- published an interview with Bui Tin who served on the General Staff of the North Vietnam Army and received the unconditional surrender of South Vietnam on April 30 , 1975 . During the interview Mr. Tin was asked if the American antiwar movement was important to Hanoi 's victory.Mr . Tin responded `` It was essential to our strategy '' referring to the war being fought on two fronts , the Vietnam battlefield and back home in America through the antiwar movement on college campuses and in the city streets . He further stated the North Vietnamese leadership listened to the American evening news broadcasts `` to follow the growth of the American antiwar movement . '' Visits to Hanoi made by persons such as Jane Fonda , former Attorney General Ramsey Clark and various church ministers `` gave us confidence that we should hold on in the face of battlefield reverses . `` Mr. Tin surmised that `` America lost because of its democracy ; through dissent and protest it lost the ability to mobilize a will to win . '' Mr. Tin further advised that General Vo Nguyen Giap -LRB- Commanding General of the North Vietnam Army -RRB- said the 1968 Tet Offensive was a defeat . Gen. Giap in his book , made the same statement , adding that they were surprised by the news media reporting and the demonstrations in America . Instead of seeking a conditional surrender , they would now hold out because America 's resolve was weakening and victory could be theirs.From 1969 to the end of the war over 20,000 American soldiers lost their lives in a war that the United States did not have the resolve to win . If General Giap was accurate in his assessment that North Vietnam was going to seek a conditional surrender at the Paris Peace Conference , but stopped due to the sensationalism of the American news media and the anti-war protests following the 1968 Tet Offensive , it follows that those who participated in these anti-war activities have to share partial responsibility for those 20,000 + Americans deaths.We won the war on the battlefield but lost it back home on the college campuses and in the city streets.Americans must realize that there are agents * operating in this Country attempting to undermine our Country and it 's leadership through our democratic principles in an effort to achieve a foreign country 's goal . A prime example of such a person during the Vietnam War was Jane Fonda , an admitted Socialist , who blatantly supported North Vietnam . * Agent - Any person who works to obtain the goals of another nation either for money or for their own political beliefs.A valuable lesson was taught by North Vietnam to other nations on how the United States may be defeated by fighting a two front war - the battlefield and the American home front . We must be aware of this vulnerability.In 1975 , after the fall of the South Vietnam Government , Jane Fonda returned to Hanoi with her newborn son Troy for a celebration in her honor for the work she had done for North Vietnam . During the celebration , her son was christened after a Viet Cong hero , Nguyen Van Troi . Troi had attempted to assassinate Secretary of Defense Robert McNamara while on his visit to South Vietnam in 1963 . The South Vietnam Government executed Troi for this attempted assassination .
 As a Viet Nam war veteran , I am completely offended by Tour of Duty , which is nothing more than an attempt to exploit a bloody conflict -LRB- in which over 35,000 Americans died -RRB- to promote the Kerry candidacy for the presidency . This is not only inappropriate but is egregiously insensitve to both the survivors of that war and the families of its victims ! It is exactly the kind of opportunism one has come to associate with that portion of the political spectrum . John Kerry should apologize and immediately arrange for the removal of Tour of Duty from the shelves !!!
 Offshore for so long in his first tour . Then back for only four months , received minor wounds , got medals and `` out '' while others slogged through jungle in the real war ... Kerry is no hero . A biased book the purpose of which is to win an election , not to give a true account of the war.Kerry came back and accused our soldiers of hideous acts of cruelty and murder ; he testitied to these facts while our men were still there . Some of them were even being held prisoners by the enemy at the time . How do you think they were treated by the enemy after hearing what our soldiers did to their people?A disgusting excuse for an objective book . SAVE YOUR MONEY .
 I 'm afraid that Dr. Brinkley missed the boat on this one . By ignoring the Swift Boat Vets , he lost any claim to having written an honest biography of Kerry 's war months . Kerry 's unwillingness to release his military file would have signaled to any true biographer that there is more to this story than just Kerry 's diary .
 Douglas Brinkley 's book on John Kerry reads like a political pamphlet written by the Kerry Campaign . And Brinkely is an alleged `` historian ? '' Give me a break . Everyone is entitled to their own opinion , but not their own facts . Brinkley has no problem making up his own facts to benefit Kerry.Mr . Brinkley 's fascination -LRB- and obvious political support for -RRB- John Kerry clouds his views . Whatever Kerry did in four months in country in Vietnam -LRB- which is questionable -RRB- was wiped away by his actions when he got home . Apparently Kerry wants to forget his book `` The New Soldier '' and his leadership of `` Vietnam Veterans Against the War , '' who did nothing but spit on and slander the heroic soldiers who fought in Vietnam for freedom , now that he 's essentially the Democratic Presidential nominee . But , as John Adams once wrote -- facts are stubborn things.Vietnam service is popular and attracts votes -- so Kerry will play it to the hilt , this time with Douglas Brinkely as his willing accomplice . However , Kerry did n't think so in 1970 when the war was unpopular , especially among left-wing activists -- he testified before Congress that he was `` ashamed '' of what he did in Vietnam and of his service ; that he committed `` war crimes , '' and charged his fellow veterans with doing the same . Well , there was no evidence for that then OR now . It 's all a matter of historical record that you can read for yourself -- do n't allow Brinkley to color it for you . Kerry was simply out to make a political name for himself on the backs of his dead comrades . Not exactly heroic or a `` Profile in Courage . '' Kerry is just a slimy political opportunist.Despite Brinkley 's fauning account , it is clear that Kerry is no hero . This book is a waste of time and should not be confused with scholarship of any kind .
 Kerry was still on the U.S. Navy 's payroll as he travelled the NE & MidAtlantic for Jane 's Fonda 's antiwar rallys . Kerry was an organizer in the group . Pretty sad how he was cashing U.S. Navy paychecks as he was smearing American GI 's by calling them `` babykillers . '' I guess there were no wealthy widows around so he need the paycheck.Kerry is no hero . He is an opportunistic back stabber . His cousin Stewart Forbes , Chief Executive Officer of Colliers International -LRB- Kerry 's cousin -RRB- , was awarded a contract worth billions designating Colliers International as the exclusive real estate agent representing Vietnam.This is after Senator Kerry sold out American POWs & MIAs while `` normalizing '' relations with the new Vietnam .
 John Kerry and his associate Jane Fonda ran the The Vietnam -LRB- faux -RRB- Veterans Against the War Organization . They were instrumental in helping North Vietnam win the war and turning the tide . North Vietnam was ready to surrender conditionally until Kerry & Fonda rendered their aid.As the American POWs returned home in 1973 , they spoke out about the inhumane treatment and torture they had suffered as prisoners of war . Their stories directly contradicted Jane Fonda 's earlier statements of 1972 . Some of the American POWs such as Senator John McCain , a former Presidential candidate , stated that he was tortured by his guards for refusing to meet with Jane Fonda and her group . Jane Fonda , in her response to these new allegations , referred to the returning POWs as being `` hypocrites and liars . `` The Wall Street Journal -LRB- August 3 , 1995 -RRB- published an interview with Bui Tin who served on the General Staff of the North Vietnam Army and received the unconditional surrender of South Vietnam on April 30 , 1975 . During the interview Mr. Tin was asked if the American antiwar movement was important to Hanoi 's victory.Mr . Tin responded `` It was essential to our strategy '' referring to the war being fought on two fronts , the Vietnam battlefield and back home in America through the antiwar movement on college campuses and in the city streets . He further stated the North Vietnamese leadership listened to the American evening news broadcasts `` to follow the growth of the American antiwar movement . '' Visits to Hanoi made by persons such as Jane Fonda , former Attorney General Ramsey Clark and various church ministers `` gave us confidence that we should hold on in the face of battlefield reverses . `` Mr. Tin surmised that `` America lost because of its democracy ; through dissent and protest it lost the ability to mobilize a will to win . '' Mr. Tin further advised that General Vo Nguyen Giap -LRB- Commanding General of the North Vietnam Army -RRB- said the 1968 Tet Offensive was a defeat . Gen. Giap in his book , made the same statement , adding that they were surprised by the news media reporting and the demonstrations in America . Instead of seeking a conditional surrender , they would now hold out because America 's resolve was weakening and victory could be theirs.From 1969 to the end of the war over 20,000 American soldiers lost their lives in a war that the United States did not have the resolve to win . If General Giap was accurate in his assessment that North Vietnam was going to seek a conditional surrender at the Paris Peace Conference , but stopped due to the sensationalism of the American news media and the anti-war protests following the 1968 Tet Offensive , it follows that those who participated in these anti-war activities have to share partial responsibility for those 20,000 + Americans deaths.We won the war on the battlefield but lost it back home on the college campuses and in the city streets.Americans must realize that there are agents * operating in this Country attempting to undermine our Country and it 's leadership through our democratic principles in an effort to achieve a foreign country 's goal . A prime example of such a person during the Vietnam War was Jane Fonda , an admitted Socialist , who blatantly supported North Vietnam . * Agent - Any person who works to obtain the goals of another nation either for money or for their own political beliefs.A valuable lesson was taught by North Vietnam to other nations on how the United States may be defeated by fighting a two front war - the battlefield and the American home front . We must be aware of this vulnerability.In 1975 , after the fall of the South Vietnam Government , Jane Fonda returned to Hanoi with her newborn son Troy for a celebration in her honor for the work she had done for North Vietnam . During the celebration , her son was christened after a Viet Cong hero , Nguyen Van Troi . Troi had attempted to assassinate Secretary of Defense Robert McNamara while on his visit to South Vietnam in 1963 . The South Vietnam Government executed Troi for this attempted assassination .
 There can be no question that this work is politically motivated . How else does one explain its convenient release during primary season ? The author , who -LRB- surprise surprise -RRB- is a `` liberal '' historian and academic , had to know that Kerry was planning a run before beginning his research at least a year or more ago . This fact together with the entire tone of the work illustrate that , yes Virginia , it is a campaign book . Missing in action is the probable role that Kerry 's privileged position as a friend of the Kennedy Klan played in his `` war service '' and `` decorations '' -LRB- PT-109 indeed -RRB- . Also largely absent is a honest assessment of his subsequent efforts to undermind his country while it was at war -LRB- opposing a position was one thing during Viet Nam , actively supporting your country 's enemies was something else entirely -RRB- . What emerges here if one actually knows something about Kerry 's life and career before starting , is a fairly masterful piece of propaganda , which is why I give it two stars . But let 's remember that lots of men -LRB- including U.S. Grant , Douglas MacArthur , and Oliver North -RRB- have been more geniunely war heroes than John Kerry , and most certainly would not or did not make a good president . This is especially true for a man , like Kerry , who has done everthing inside and outside of office he can to undercut his country 's defense -LRB- except where absolutely politically necessary -RRB- . The good news is that if you want to see the President defeated for re-election , you will find enough illusion here to assuage your conscious in voting for a shallow opportunist like Kerry . But do n't fool yourself that this book has anything to do with historical truth .
 To call this book an unbiased look at Kerry 's life is extremely naive . From the very beginning it reads like a cheesy campaign commercial . If you like Kerry and his politics , you 'll like the book , conversely if you do n't , you wo n't .
 It is regrettable that in our country `` the politics of personal destruction '' have become routine . When was it -LRB- during Nixon 's administration , Clinton 's ? -RRB- that we collectively left behind any sense of proportion and prudence in our political passions and returned to the nineteenth century practice of just calling people names ? Today individuals running for office are not allowed to be simply human beings but must either be `` saviors of the nation '' or plain `` evil , '' depending upon one 's political agenda.As a `` swing-voter '' who regularly votes a split ticket , and as one who tries to maintain some semblance of objectivity , I purchased Brinkley 's book in the fond expectation that the pattern above would not be followed , and that instead I would learn something of the truth about an emerging political figure . Sadly I was disappointed , but I did learn some things ; I learned that Kerry is indeed a `` savior of the nation '' who always brushes his teeth , is good to the little people , and stands like a valiant sentinel for truth and justice . In short , I was `` treated '' to two-dimensional characterization designed to draw votes during a campaign . There is no good explanation here of how such a sterling `` hero '' could then turn around and shamelessly attack and demean his own country while also engaging in such blatant self-promotion - even a scholar of Brinkley 's skill can not reconcile the two very different images - and does anyone really believe that it proves anything that Senator Kerry 's war buddies like and support him , eveybody , even a crack dealer , has friends ! I wish , too , like the reviewer below , that there was more about the connection to the Kennedy family , but in most regards that is probably outside the scope of this book.Brinkley is a very skilled writer , and that is evident here in the highly readable style . Nonetheless , this is `` spin '' written to promote Kerry 's candidacy , a fact illustrated by its unusually low price . It will convince no one who does not wish to be convinced , and it will only evoke ridicule from those who do not . Surely good history or biography should do more than that ? If Kerry becomes president , much better books will be written , if he does not , Tour of Duty will probably not even qualify to be cited .
 This book is a waste of valuable paper . Kerry is a freaking traitor and only received commendations because he had friends in high places . To anyone who supports him and his too obvious lies , you 're dumber than I thought Americans ever would be . Kerry did n't do any more than any of our boys are doing out there every day , and less than most . I hated the book and have no respect for the man behind it .
 John Kerry spent approximately four months in Vietnam . He spent approximately one year active in the leadership of the Vistnam Veterans Against the War . Janus-like he has spent the last thirty years exploiting these two different personas -- war hero/anti-war hero -- in his life-long quest for the presidency of the United Sates . Brinkley is only the latest in the long line of people , friends , family members and comrades , whom Kerry has used to exercise the will to power . Brinkley , in 2002 , was given access to Kerry and his memoirs , personal letters , and previous half-heartred tries to write his own biography provided he , Brinkley , publish prior to the 2004 presidential campaign . As a result his fawning biograph totally lacks objectivity . What Brinkley passes off as a personal `` War Odyssey '' of John Kerry is nothing more that the `` Walter Middy '' adventures of a self-aggrandizing imitator of John Kennedy , his school boy hero . If Brinkley is considering a sequel to this work covering the thiry years since those fevered days of 1970 , he might consider for a catchy title `` I 'm Just a Giggolo . ''
 John Kerry gamed the awards and decs system -- I saw it happen during my 12-month -LRB- not 4-month -RRB- tour of duty in Viet Nam . His book is nothing more than a compilation of fabrications to bolster his image for the 2004 election . John Kerry is a hero ? Not ! I believe the 250 men of the Swift Boats Veterans for Truth , not Kerry and his bought-off handful .
 I do n't care what you think of John Kerry -- war hero or traitor -- all you are going to get prior to November 2 is a pile of political mumbo jumbo targeted to the undecided voter . NOW , if you are interested in the REAL human perspective on the men who served in Vietnam , then Naked In Da Nang is the book you need to read . I have heard the authors speak and I have read the book -- twice . It is very simple in its presentation -- and very complex in all the images and emotions it stirs -LRB- especially for veterans . -RRB- You can read it and decide if it represents John Kerry 's Vietnam or you can read Tour of Duty and contrast it with `` Naked . '' Between these two men , I 'd rather see Mike Jackson running for President -- but methinks he 's a tad too smart for that ! If you 're interested in the TRUTH about the guys who fought and died in Vietnam , John Kerry is not the guy to consult .
 Where 's the Amazon free-fire zone disclaimer on this piece of lying crap . The chicken littles open up a valid expose like `` Unfit for Command '' to all abuse , but tuck their shiney jewels when the book is a self serving liberal load of trash like this.I had not previously assigned political motives to Amazon . Now I do . Now I 'm gone!What 's the address ? Oh yeah , barnesandnoble.com
 The following disclaimer appears on the `` Unfit for Command '' Swift boat book : `` Important note from Amazon.com
 Taking cheap political photo Op 's while endangering my fellow Naval comrads ' lives was reckless and insensitive . Kerry was booted out of VN due to his reckless disregard for the well being of his comrads ' lives . After being kicked out of VN Kerry had a Hissy Fit Snit and Said `` I will show them '' , and proceeded to betray his comrads all over again . We do not need a man with 57 positions on every issue that squeals like a stuck pig when the real truth comes out via Swiftees and/or Givem Hell Zell ! When $ 62 million in `` drug money '' was spent to castigeate Bush it was OK ; however the boonie is now on the other foot . The boonie now needs to be lodged in Kerry 's appropriate 57 part anatomy .
 This book makes for a great promotional piece and that is about all . For the true story , the whole story on John Kerry 's `` Tour of Duty '' check out Unfit for Duty coming out next week . A book written by people who really knew the REAL John Kerry-The RAW Deal .
 What kind of reporter is Brinkley that he did n't check all the facts before writing this book ? Kerry himself admits now that he was n't in Cambodia that Christmas ,1968 . I really have a problem with many things that John Kerry did , especially after coming home from Viet Nam . Of all the Marines and soldiers that I personally knew who went to Viet Nam , some to die , I do n't recall anyone coming home so fast as John Kerry . Does n't Mr. Brinkley have a problem with the anti-military stance that Kerry took at the Congressional hearing ? Kerry was not just anti-war , that is forgivable , but anti-military is another story . Mr. Brinkley should have covered more of Kerry 's inconsistencies . That would have made a better book .
 Hmmmm . `` Conservatives '' continue to applaud this sort of rhetoric as `` facts . '' I continue to get e-mail from those who resent my characterization of Ann Coulter as a psychopath -LRB- `` if she really believes the stuff she says , she 's not taking her meds '' -RRB- as if Coulter is a logician , not a hyperemotional media figure with a `` JD '' after her name.Well , this is n't quite as volatile as Coulter , but it 's no more `` fact '' oriented . And it is n't `` conservative '' but reactionary statist.Why is it that , while the `` right '' seems to be powerful now , I see their days as numbered ? I think it 's because they take this stuff seriously . They 'll become a product of nostalgia soon just like some from the '60s who 're now making car payments , retiring , and living in Florida .
 With great amusement , I read the reviews of Valentine 's book written by his obvious fan base in Nashville.I read this book because I live in Nashville . I checked it out from the library . It is not worth the sales price.Valentine is a flash-in-the-pan , a Rush Limbaugh wannabe and his only real claim to fame is starting riots in front of the state Capitol in Nashville to get motorists to honk down the legislature while it was considering a state income tax proposed by the Republican Governor whom Valentine pushed for election , the reelection.Valentine is a rich lawyer who lives in the best area of Nashville , and of course does n't want Tennessee to be an income tax state.As a consequence of rioting motorists , we in Tennessee pay 8.75 % sales tax everything , even food.Valentine could not get more money from WLAC so he 's moving on now . Ever self-congratulatory , Valntine claims this book is one of the 100 top sellers on Amazon . Interesting that Amazon lists it at about 59,000 .
 If conservatives rely on the facts and liberals on emotion , one would expect this to be a supremely liberal book . Characterizing Clinton as weak on the military or liberalism is one good example . The simple fact is that the US brushed away Iraq with a military force that had been trained and armed by the Clinton administration ; yet Clinton was characterized as weak and anti-military . The Bush administration 's failure to follow up on warnings issued by the Clinton administration about Al Qaeda and its plans to use aircraft in terrorist acts against the US are ignored . And so on . We could all benefit from a considered debate on this issues with the basic assumption that we are all in this together . Unfortunately this book is not a contributer to that cause .
 Why do I HATE Ace Lightning ?! Well now , let me see ... The opening music is EXTREMELY ANNOYING and has a stupid song -LRB- `` There 's a Hero in Us All ' -RRB- ?! , Ace Lightning himself looks short and make 's Mark 's life a misery and is an idiot for thinking that Mark is a Lightning Knight - is Ace supposed to look like Mark on purpose ?! - and his costume is such a rip-off imitation of Superboy 's costume -LRB- the teenaged Kon-El version , believed to be a `` clone '' of Superman , and his best friend -RRB- with a jacket and skin-tight suit . The CG movement , in terms of movement and facial expression and other things is lousy , and even though Lord Fear 's staff looks like a frog holding a crystal-ball on a stick , the characters in the show drescribe him as a rat , when actually that 's SOMEBODY ELSE , and he always acts so smug and bossy , more so than Lord Fear himself ! Also , when I saw the `` final '' episode of series 2 , there was a blooper-shot that had a studio set in the background instead of the carnival , and I really hated it how Lord Fear was laughing even in his defeat - SICK !! I was so glad when this finished , until I found out that ABC started showing series 3 , and the comic adapation of episode 1 was n't illustrated very well , and even a few of the human characters are STUPID and ANNOYING , like the Science Teacher/Principal , the Cooking Lady - who cooks scary-looking food and is mean to everybody except Mark 's friend Chuck , who is also annoying by being hungry enough to eat what Mark has , like Chocolates Mark wanted to give Samantha as a present and what was in Mark 's fridge . Mark Reiley has wasted his voice in being cast as Ace Lightning - he should 've gone for something more enjoyable . And the other enemies are n't that good either - with a skeleton dressed up as an english man and his ` loyal ' staff , a fat pig in clothes who eats a lot , a muscle-bound rhino with an anvil for a hand , a big rat with wings who 's dressed up as a clown and a Jester-like porcupine creature who 2 evil sock-hand puppets . 25 minutes on ABC have been wasted on `` Ace Lightning '' , when it could 've been used for something much better , like playing the new `` Astro Boy '' series Monday-Friday instead of just Thursdays , or replaying old/recent shows like `` The New Adventures of Captain Planet '' , `` The Zack Files '' or making a NEW rendition of `` Mighty Mouse '' . The only characters I do like are Mark , Sparks , Lady Illusion , Samantha and the girl Chuck really likes . -LRB- Samantha 's best appearance is in `` The Zack Files '' and her best friend - the red head - also appears as Fortuna/Una in `` Parallax '' on Channel 9 at 4:00 pm -RRB- Sorry to dissapoint those of you who are fans of Ace Lightning , and I know I 'll regret seeing this in my list of reviews , but I had to express how I feel .
 Bless him for keeping this one short , unlike his contemporaries in Russian literature . Unfortunately , the fact that this book is 200 pages is the best thing I can say about it . This is so clearly the case of an author who had a political statement to make and decided , unwisely , to couch it in a fictional as opposed to non-fictional format . This would have made for a great political or sociological treatise , but it is not good literature . The characters and plot are so obviously secondary to the message . The characters are one-dimensional , predictable , and transparent . The plot is forgettable and really almost seems to have been an afterthought . The only real merit of this book is that it captures the birth of an important social and political movement , at a very pivotal time in Russian history .
 Whilst a valuable insight to the nature of Russia in those changing days , this book is hardly a treat to read . Historically , Russia is behind the times compared to the rest of Europe , and you can see that clearly portrayed.However , my problem arises within the realm that without the proper framing and realisation of the proper bias that this book is coming from , this book stands to lose its impact.I felt Bazarov was a hypocritical , self-destructive prick , and throughout felt him abrasive and abusive on a whim . He 's the supposed hero , but his end is that of anything but a matryr , leaving me wonder as to `` why bother ? `` My sympathy went much more to the uncle with the European tendencies , Pavel , and I found myself vindicated in his survival and ability to return , in the end , to Europe where he felt at home and could be happy . If he was meant to the be the anti-hero , why bother letting him win , and the actual hero die such a foolish death ? Arkady is a character that 's enjoyable in a passive way , who , though he affiliates with Bazarov and considers him a friend , is parted and goes on to live a life seemingly contrary to what Bazarov was extolling . His is not a happy ending , per se , but a bittersweet one.This is a fair enough novel -- it 's readable and crafted enough to not be accidentally good -- but if Turgenev wanted to weigh in on the state of current Russia , he should have written a non-fiction book and published that . It would n't have mattered -- in his time , authors of fictional works were as prosecuted as much as the non-fiction under the Tsar . Why frame the opinion in a story that leaves for more reader interpretation that goes beyond authorial intention?If this is a textbook for a class , beware the intentions of the author . Modern literary interpretation may lead you astray on this book , and away from what the professor is expecting ; IE , the fictionalisation of Turgenev 's Russia .
 I bought this book because I received a flyer in my school mailbox , and , as a teacher of students who struggle with reading , I thought it might have some helpful advice . I 've looked through it several times , and I just ca n't get myself interested in the way it 's written for some reason . I think that the ideas the author has , from what I 've read , are good , but I also think that you would have to have the same classroom setup and amount of time in order to fully see these ideas come to fruition .
 I have not read this book , but I was given Appendix M as part of a list of suggested books for Summer Reading . As a librarian , I am appalled by the number of errors in this list of titles and authors . Students will have trouble finding several of these books when the authors ' names and the titles are spelled incorrectly . How can we expect the best from students when we give them a sloppily edited list from which to choose their reading material ? One example is `` Zusack , Markus . Fighting Reuben Wolf '' , which should read `` Zusak , Markus . Fighting Ruben Wolfe . '' Vivian Vande Velde 's book is `` The Rumplestiltskin Problem '' not just `` The Rumplestiltskin . '' This book is in desperate need of better editing before teachers use it to select books .
 I used to geocache and so I read this book with interest . The information is misleading -LRB- `` GPSr
 Besides , taking awhile to get into the book . The book is also very wordy and gory . That was enough for me to give it two stars . The thing that I liked best about the story is that you never know what is going to happen next . The author keeps you guessing constantly .
 I did not enjoy this book , I thought it was over-rated and quite boring . It has no real plot and the story line is a never-ending piece of text which in all honesty , bored me to tears ! . I find that William Golding should not have had as much success as he did because the Symbolism is never ending and I can not handle how he symbolises even a scar or a pair of glasses worn by a fat kid.This book can easily be reduced from 225pages to at least 3pages . They are stranded , two boys die and they 're rescued ! Hooray ! -LRB- As you can tell I 'm being sarcaistic ! -RRB- .
 Not enough killing . Why could n't they all die
 Mankiw 's textbook is a giant leap backwards in the teaching of economics to undergraduates . Naturally , it is always commendable to attempt to simplify complicated concepts to students , but there are limits - particularly in a principles textbook , perhaps the only economics that many people will ever encounter . In this case , it can be considered downright dangerous.Mankiw `` dumbs down '' economics , underestimating the average intelligence of a university student . The clearly anti-analytical tone of the book can be counterproductive at times . Several comments from my students noted that Mankiw 's style makes it seem that , say , a particular argument is `` obvious '' when Mankiw explains it , but they could not produce it by themselves since the argument does not seem to use any of the tools which they are busily acquiring . In other words , what is `` obvious '' to Mankiw and to someone with more training in economics , is rarely `` obvious '' to the student . The student with analytical bent who has made the necessary investment into learning the tools will find them useless in a lot of the problems set out in the book.The irritating `` scientistic '' tone of the book makes it seem as if what Mankiw says is `` the truth '' and `` accepted '' by all economists . At least Barro 's principles text was considerably more honest in its partisanship and announced loudly that there were other views . Mankiw does not do this . What makes this `` scientistic '' tone even more irritating is that it is used with particular verve in areas where current economic debate is most controversial - thus giving a misleading view of even the `` mainstream '' of economics . Furthermore , it makes a lot of economics boringly `` deadpan '' rather than a living and growing discipline.Most remarkable , given Mankiw 's supposed specialty , is the incredibly compressed and poorly-written last few chapters on macroeconomics . He has singlehandedly decided to obliterate 70 years of research in macroeconomic analysis and leap back to the empirical platitudes of the 1910s and 1920s . It is one thing to be anti-Keynesian , it is quite another to pretend that the Keynesian Revolution never happened . Not even Barro did that . What is most dangerous is that Mankiw is now teaching thousands of students that unemployment is caused by labor market frictions and high wages , and never a word on effective aggregate demand -LRB- which , until Mankiw 's textbook , was THE mainstay of macroeconomics -RRB- . On style
 This purports to be an objective examination of the principles of economics . Instead , it 's a load of conservatively biased economics propaganda - without even a mention of opposing views . Dangerously influential , considering that it is used as a text for Introductory Economics at places like Harvard and University of Chicago .
 This edition reads like a photocopy of an early print edition . I am not old , but I had to strain and squint to get through it . No reflection of the book itself , but I nearly tossed it aside a dozen times it was so hard on the eyes .
 I chose this book from three options to do a term paper on in college . The only reason that I selected it was because it was not Huckleberry Finn , which I had read twice in high school . This novel is torturously slow and uninteresting . The characters are as rich as saltines . Save your psyche , read only if you have insomnia .
 While the by-line is admirably short , the text actually comes off quite linguistically , given all the maladroit proclivities that might have prevented a lesser author from treading so smoothly on wings of bread and slurry . William , whose middle name - as we are to believe - is Dean , ends his saga with the name Howells . Some may enjoy this chicanery , but I , for one , was enormously displeased . For instance , why all that talk about trade agreements in the preface yet no listing for either `` trade '' or `` agreement '' in the index ? And , I must ask , why was there no index at all ? One is left to wonder what other key concepts and biographical references were left un-indexed . Is there any value in such a text ? The answer , quite simply , is also not available in the index . Why ? I became very angry by the end . All indexed . Why ? The answer , quite simply , is given five sentences before this one . -LRB- The reader is advised to refer to it . -LRB- ed . -RRB- -RRB-
 This book is garbage , plain and simple . William Still takes the unusual tactic of investigating secret society activity through a fundamental Christian perspective . This could have led to interesting results , but this book comes nowhere close . I am not trying to criticize Still 's beliefs , but he clearly comes from the religious tradition that believes that any sort of behavior that does not agree with his theology 100 % is `` satanist '' . In fact he condemns his subject matter as `` satanist '' or `` satanism '' so many times that the judgement loses its force very quickly . Still also comes from the branch of Christianity that feels that all persons or ideas that do not comply with those fundamental beliefs to the letter are part of a vast conspiracy seeking to crush Christian beliefs . Once again , Still 's personal beliefs are his right , but he has such a clear contempt for his subject matter that he is completely unable to investigate it in any useful fashion . Just when he is on the verge of unveiling useful information about the actions of secret societies , each time he collapses into tired religious dogma.This book is not the `` investigative '' journalism that Still tries to tell you it is . I 'll give him a little credit for trying , but he fails . He is completely unable to see around his personal hatred and contempt for his subject ...
 The author writes this book from a fundamentalist biblical perspective , which makes it like trying to argue the bible with someone who continuously quotes it out of context . The antique references show the author 's bias . On reading the second chapter descriptions of `` secret societies '' a person who knows Egyptian history and religion can not help but feel a twinge of pain at the outright falsity of almost everything he writes there . The same goes for the brief blurb on Gnosticism as well as most of the rest of it . Find a book that has a more balanced view of history and religious ideas and skip this one . If you consider your time of any value at all then reading this book definitely wastes it .
 Hoping to get a factually based account of the so-called `` secret societies '' and their role in history , a few pages into the book it became apparent this was not it . The author fairly early on -LRB- thankfully allowing you to set the book aside without much loss of time -RRB- lets you know the book is written from the point of view of a `` Christian '' . Apparently , the only reason we are not all enslaved to the much feared One World Government is due to the valiant efforts throughout history of a few enlightened Christians , who have kept the Beast at the door . From that premise , the book rapidly degenerates into a silly patchwork of spurious allegations , pseudo-history , unsupported theories , and random bits of moralizing . As an example , the reader will be enlightened to discover that , contrary to what we are taught , the French Revolution had nothing to do with inequality , povery and oppression , but was rather artificially caused by a small group of `` secret society '' members who engineered the entire thing for their -LRB- never defined by the author -RRB- purposes . All in all , one of the silliest books I 've read , and very disappointing for someone who truly wishes to learn about these matters . If you want entertainment , read this book , although you could get about the same thing in a much more interesting format with a few `` X-Files '' reruns . If you are interested in facts and scholarship about the `` new world order '' and the various secret societies , give this one a miss .
 Still 's book reads like a litany of modern urban legends . The Illuminai , Atlantis , even pre-Columbian Native American Freemasons ! If you want to read something worthwhile on prophecy and conspiracy , look at Gregory Camp 's `` Selling Fear
 This book is another good example of a phenomenon I call `` Fad-peddling '' at its worst . `` Real Option Valuation '' is just a fancy new name consultants-for-hire have made up to describe a set of problems economists like Dr. Pindyck have called `` contingency claims '' problems for years . Given the history of the two terms , I prefer `` contingency claims '' , because of its record as a term used by economists in academic journals and because `` real options '' sounds too much to be like some new fad , like `` reengineering '' or `` liberation management . `` Most of the other reviews are absolutely right
 The importance of the subject ca n't be overstated . The authors , however , are more interested in selling advice , keeping unrealistic cases without a full solution , using phrases like `` We used a simple binomial model to get illustrative results '' . What results ? Incomplete answers , however , are nothing compared to basic conceptual mistakes . In chapter 10 , the authors estimate the value of an established firm using a current multiple ; then , for using the B&S formula , they bring it to present value !! Want more ? Just read the book ...
 This is a book where the faculty thinks it 's doing you a favor by writing the book , handwaving through proofs , stating results , and saying the proofs are in the handouts . In this book , the handouts are the spreadsheets . On page 19 the authors state `` The numerical calculations for these and other examples in this book are at out website . In my opinion , this is a bald-faced mis-statement . Some simple spreadsheets are given , but no spreadsheets are given for chapters 11 , 12 , 13 , 14 , 15 , 16 , 17 , 18 , and 19 which are 9 of the 10 chapters in Part III , ` The Portfolio of Applications . ' And what are those missing topics ? Just the following ... Chapter 11 -- Investing in a Startup , Chapter 12 -- Exploring for Oil , Chapter 13 -- Developing a Drug , Chapter 14 -- Investing in Infrastructure , Chapter 15 -- Valuing vacant land , Chapter 16 -- Buying flexibility , Chapter 17 -- Combining real and financial flexibilty , Chapter 18 -- Investing to preempt competition , and Chapter 19 -- Writing a license . Yes folks , the REALLY INTERESTING subjects are MISSING those spreadsheets ! What a delightful surprise ! Do n't buy this book until the authors pony up the missing spreadsheets on their website . -LRB- The authors may also want to place on their website the complete references for the numerous ` forthcoming ' citations that litter this book . -RRB-
 A very disappointing read . Although this book will explain the power of real options I feel it does a very poor job of explaining how to evaluate them . Additionally the book has errors in some of its examples and in more than one place is incorrect . -LRB- ie spread option analysis -RRB- In several places it gives some theoretical values with no explanation as to how they were reached . I would only recommend you read the 1st Chapter in each section , as subsequent chapters just repeat the material but with a different concept . Definitely not for the person looking for a book with some meat on it . -LRB- Incidently several of the ` real options ' they identify in the book or completely outdated . ie The afore mentioned spread option . People have n't used the method they suggest for many years as its mathematically incorrect . -RRB-
 If you are interested in learning about how to conduct option analysis , this is not the book for you . The book never provides you with the details on how to conduct the valuations described in the examples . Instead , they use over 100 pages to reiterate the same points they describe in the first 5 . Furthermore , there are plenty of mistakes in the text to add to your confusion.In short , this book is a waste of time and money .
 The authors praise the real options approach as t h e new and effective method to decide on uncertain investments . When it comes to elaborate on methods and techniques , however , they fall short of explanations and try to get away just with a presentation of final results . It seems to be no more than a marketing gag . If you want to waste your money than buy the book .
 For me , the book was verbose , repetitive , poorly organized . Not inspiring and not recommended .
 I was rather disappointed by this book . I was hoping for something which could help explain to business managers why processes such as IT delivery are uncertain , and the value of delivering flexible solutions . The initial part of the book makes a lot of strong qualitative statements of exactly the right sort : - There is great value in breaking up large projects in uncertain markets - Options -LRB- flexibility -RRB- create value out of uncertain events . - Exit options which allow you to step away from a planned path , even if relatively expensive , may have significant value . - An option such as an exit option , can make an investment viable when it would fail a traditional NPV test . - Small speculative investments can enable larger investments to benefit from learning and to be much more accurately targeted . - It may create greater value to start many projects and abandon more , rather than aiming to abandon a minimum number.Unfortunately the remainder of the book then supports these statements only for a very limited set of circumstances . The Real Options approach only seems to work if the option can be translated into -LRB- or at least mapped onto -RRB- a tradeable financial security . There 's no real attempt to provide tools to evaluate internal uncertainty , such as the delivery uncertainty common in IT projects , or the value of flexibility except where it maps to significant investment decisions.The book does do a good job of explaining that real world situations are non-linear , with value which changes as a result of natural volatility , over time , and as a result of one or more decisions . Traditional NPV-based approaches greatly undervalue flexibility , insurance , learning and platform investments , and ca n't really deal with this non-linear aspect . Simply increasing the investment discount rate , which is the usual way of dealing with such problems , does n't bring the correct focus onto uncertainty and total risk.However , the mathematical basis for Real Option valuation is not well explained , and I found the processes difficult to follow . I suspect that the authors implicitly assumed a certain familiarity with economic and financial market techniques and terminology , which limits the value of this book to those seeking , as I was , to apply the techniques to other fields . It also left me puzzled as to why simpler approaches , such as Decision Tree techniques , ca n't be used instead.Surprisingly for a relatively short book the text is very repetitive , and too often turns into a blatant advert for the Real Options approach compared with others , rather than making the case on its own merits.Hindsight is a great thing , but it is unfortunate that this book praises Enron as an example of success through options manipulation , where we now know this was largely a `` long company '' scam . Some of the other examples , quoted at the height of the Internet boom , have also not stood the test of time . However , these should not be seen as invalidating the approach , merely as evidence of how uncertain things may really be.This book provides some good ideas , and if your focus is major business-critical financial transactions it may be very useful . But I 'm still looking for a good book on how to generically value flexibility .
 I totally agree with Cued 's review.Real options theory has been a remarkable consensus in Academia . It is very hard to find articles / books online or offline that directly attack Real Options methodology . It seems a kind of profanity.The principle of arbitrage capital market -LRB- like Delta Hedge Portfolio -RRB- is an important basis for giving an intuitive understanding why the Black-Scholes option price formula does not depend on the estimated price for the underlying asset -LRB- Notice that Markowitz Optimal Portfolio uses it -RRB- But the arbitrage -LRB- and diversification too -RRB- hardly applies in the context of real companies , though it would be the desire of a well-diversified shareholder who is indifferent to the risk of internal company because it is diversifiable.Furthermore , a high volatility asset with and enough time , turns projects OTM -LRB- Out of The Money -RRB- positive , i.e. , many times , even if the investment is lesser than the NPV of forecasted project 's cash flow , everything can be solved , if there are enough volatility and time.This value can not be wrong if the asset is very dependent on the market , only that the risk of the option can not be exercised is high and it may be that the company has no reserves for this kind of setback.In Academic work there are thousand of intricate Real Options modelling -LRB- for instance , JAIMUNGAL , Sebastian ; LAWRYSHYN , Yuri . `` Incorporating Managerial Information into Real Option Valuation '' , Toronto University , 2011 -RRB- Most modern paper like that get rid of naive Random Walk and Black Scholes formula.However , in most models , one try to find an asset or portfolio that correlates well with the desired target -LRB- contingent claim -RRB- . but many times that correlation is just data snooping mixed with fake trend correlation . Besides , in many situations the real project is so stochastic and complex that it is difficult find this replicating portfolio.Another common process for incomplete markets is the use of dynamic programming using a risk adjusted rate , with all the vices inherent at the CAPM model.Volatility measures , Geometric Brownian Movement and other math artefacts , generally make part of this game . It doe n't matter that the author believe or not in EMH -LRB- Efficient Market Hypothesis -RRB- . Market prices is all about chaos , shaking and manipulation.In the real world , out of the Capital Market , Free Cash Flow is a compound figure that mix many different variables , that surely internal information within the company helps to elucidate and that he is influenced by the macroeconomy -LRB- like commodity price or the whole demand -RRB- , but depends strongly from actions and decisions that occur within the company or project.I believe that exists a real academic obsession in compares any private company with capital market in some way.After all , in the real world the private risk , project risk mixed closely with the market risk , even inside the same variable and no option type -LRB- simple or complex -RRB- encompasses all , not nearly.This book itself is primitive and deals with Real Options like a God of Valuation -LRB- It does not show any realistic limitations of Real Options -RRB- . The book is little quantitative , very verbose and furiously attack alternative methods -LRB- Analysis Simulation and Decision Tree -RRB- in 3 or 4 lines on pages 39 and 40 . The best practical Real Options books are the Kodokula and Papudesu 's bookProject Valuation Using Real Options
 Yes , All the King 's Men is one of the 5 greatest American novels , for all the reasons people here cite , and more.But this is not that novel . It is a piece of junk unjustly cadged together with manuscript fragments that one of America 's greatest writers never wrote in this form . Despite decades to do so , in a life of over 90 years . A very careful , writer , scholar , and teacher too . This edition is a gratuitous insult to his memory and a dangerous precedent in American letters . The public should not countenance it . It does n't matter if one paragraph or one sentence only is changed . Indeed one single word can change a whole book , as the recent restoration of Ulysees has proven . But that was justified because of
 It was to be the restored edition with the protagonist named Talos , this one has him as Stark . So then it is the original version . Not as advertised .
 In the Noel Polk version of All the King 's Men , Willie Stark becomes Willie Talos . TALOS ?!? Yes , I get the classical allusion , but that does n't mean it 's not a terrible name for the character . He 's supposed to be a hardscrabble , down-and-dirty American politician , and you 're giving him a highfalutin , European-sounding name like `` Talos ? '' As opposed to the perfectly-fitting Stark ? This egregious miscalculation makes me seriously doubt Polk 's judgment on all matters relating to this novel . I stuck with the original.And the original is enough . Because really , people . This novel is badly overwritten as IS . Almost grotesquely so in parts . Do we truly need MORE of this ? Warren is very much given to investing events and characters with baroque , pointlessly elaborate verbal curlicues that quickly collapse under their own weight and only serve to gum up the novel and remove whatever narrative momentum it might have had.The opening is a great example of this
 There 's no doubt this novel has a good story line . The main problem I had was getting to it . I labored through so much descriptive prose that I often forgot where I was in the story . It was a chore to finish and I have come to the conclusion I should not read any more Pulitzer Prize winning novelists . This is my fourth and none have been half as good as a Glass Castle or Memoirs of a Geisha or many others with less acclaim .
 Yes , this is a great novel , though I personally think the last three pages were a big mistake . But this review is about the `` new , corrected edition '' by Mr. Polk , which , I 'm afraid , is a literary and scholarly travesty . Readers will be well advised to stick with the original 1946 text. ; the fact that it has been a force in American life for over 50 years , and that in the 43 years before his death Warren never gave any indication he was dissatisfied with it , should be reason enough . -LRB- A cynic would argue that the only reason for the new edition was to extend the copyright . -RRB- Polk went back to Warren 's original typescript draft to restore many of the passages , phrases , and stylistic features that were changed or deleted in the editorial process before publication -LRB- and approved by Warren -RRB- ; and he claims that his editorial decisions have created a superior novel . The first problem is that , except for a very sketchy 10-page essay , Polk gives the reader no help in judging for himself . A respectable scholarly edition would at the least indicate , at the bottom of each page or the back of the book , each instance in which the first edition text has been changed and where the change came from -LRB- the draft was edited by several hands , including Warren 's -RRB- . A reader who wants to assess Polk 's work will have to have both editions in hand and scan page by page , and even then will not know whose decisions Polk has overruled . Thus Polk puts himself beyond criticism.Polk 's essay tries to justify his decisions , but his illustrations are merely anecdotal and offer no consistent editorial principles or methodology . I have n't the space here to go through a critique point by point ; suffice it to say , I 'm not convinced by any of his examples , including the reversion from Willie Stark to Willie Talos . Polk seems to be one of those editors who believes that the closer you get to the author 's very first words on paper , the better or the more authentic your version will be , since then you are closest to the `` white heat of creativity . '' But this is one of the silliest forms of romanticism still in existence . And I suspect it runs directly again Warren 's own philosophy of history . Polk may think he has restored history , but in fact he has falsified it , for the history was the event of publication.Polk writes
 The one star is not really for the novel , but for this edition of it . If , like me , you have read this and are looking to purchase a copy , this has an attractive cover . However , it is not clear from the product description that this edition of the novel is in the form the author originally submitted to his editor , and not the edition originally published . Accordingly , Willie Stark is Willie Talos throughout this novel . Even though this may have been the author 's original intention , I absolutely hate that it 's a different edition from the novel I read and loved . I will be returning it and purchasing an older edition without this reversion .
 Excuse me , reader from St. Louis , but i find it very rude of you to adress my best friend , tina , as being stupid . WOW so she hates the book ! SO WHAT ! she is only trying to save humanity . I hate this book also , so go ahead and write about how I 'm stupid . I dont care ! Anyway , this book is aweful and it made me want to through myself into a brick wall . . I had to read it for school , and obviously the teachers want us to be stressed out since they force us to read this book . It is so choppy and stupid . . who cares about the GREAT SLEEP and THE WEB OF LIFE or the GREAT TWITCH ??? I CERTAINLY DO N'T ! THOSE THINGS ARE NEVER GOING TO HELP ME GET THROUGH LIFE , AND HAVING THE `` SECRET KNOWLEDGE '' WILL ABSOLUTELY HELP IN NO WAY WHAT-SO-EVER ALSO ! SO IF YOU DONT TAKE MY ADVICE AND STAY CLEARR FROM THIS BOOK , DONT SAY I DIDNT WARN YOU !
 this was the worst example of american literature ever published . warren feels the need to describe such trivial objects as doorknobs , the color of the street , or smell of the rain . is this really needed ? this book could have easily been condensed into one half its size . the author 's continuing mention of `` The Great Twitch '' has no impact on the average person 's life . this book is a waste of your time , do n't read it !
 This book was profane and pointless , as is w / most books I 'm forced to read for English . I never knew being in AP ment I had to put up with my beliefs being violated . DO NOT BUY THIS BOOK !
 I have not finished this book but it is difficult to get interested in it . Parts of it make no sense to me . As a Louisianian , I know much of the history this book is based on , but it is still not easy to follow in this book . If I had it to do over again , I would not buy this book .
 This book is rather strange
 As long as I have wanted to read this fascinating story , I just could not make my way through the author 's ponderous writing style . I gave up after about 100 pages as he is one of those writers who thinks 1000 words is better than 100 . I do n't think I have EVER read longer sentences or longer paragraphs !!
 I thought this book could have been alot better . I think he rambled on too much in the beginning . If u want to read this book I suggest Cliff notes . It is so much more to the point than the book itself .
 I had to read this book for Enlgish , in a space of about 6 days . The teacher felt she owed it to us . I can respect that this has social significance , it was well written , etc. . I do n't agree with the girls that it was `` just plain terrible '' but I do think that it was more than a little flawed . While reading it , I had trouble deciding whether I liked it , but finally decided it had not been worth the time . Ever get the feeling that a book was simply too cute ? This book 's series of contrived coincidences annoyed the bejezus out of me . Let me reel them off
 The first time I opened this book , the cover broke off . I was very displeased . It was very brittle . I do not like reading a book without the cover . Disappointed .
 I found this book way too long and drawn out . Jack Burden , the narrator spent way too much time describing things . I never did get caught up in the book . I only finished it for a class . If you start reading this book and do not like the narration style , put it down . Jack Burden narrates the same way the whole time through . Not liking politics also makes it very hard to find the good things people say there are in this book .
 This had to be the most boring book I have read in my entire life ! We had to read it for school , and a majority of the class ended up just reading the cliff 's notes . I do not recommend this book to anyone , except to this one pig-like girl I know . Anyway , I never want to see this book ever again . I 'm going to have nightmares about it ! A warning to all
 The novel itself turned out to be better than I had expected it to be after listening to the first part on the audio cd set . However , the content of the novel is not the topic of this review , the audio edition is . I had been assigned the book for my Lit class and figured the audio version would help me understand the writing . However , I never even finished listening to the CDs . First of all , the narrator 's voice is so gravelly and unappealing that it was a low-level version of torture to listen to . Secondly , the writing is difficult enough to follow on page , but on audio with no writing or punctuation to go from , the story is nearly impossible to follow . Unless you have no other option , go for the print version of this book - the audiobook will only frustrate you .
 It was so busy of a book I felt I had to read it super fast and did n't have time for it to soak into my mind . was not happy with it .
 Jeweler heroine was about to ask her estranged husband of 2 years for help in looking for her runaway teen brother but decides against it when Hero told her he filed for divorce . Hero was able to find out about her brother & gets a good defense lawyer for him . In exchange for helping her troubled brother , Hero wants heroine to live with him until her brother 's case is done . Heroine reluctantly agrees but tries to avoid sleeping with him b/c she believes their r/s is only temporary . But is her willpower strong enough to make her resist their strong attraction for each other?I did n't like this book . I 'm not sure if Baxter could n't broaden the characters behavior repertoire or she deliberately made them appear limited . Either way , Hero & heroine had a set cycle of Hero demanding & heroine avoiding . It happened so many times . It got very annoying . It was made more so with heroine 's constant crying . All she seemed to do was work , get tired/sleepy , faint , & cry.I did n't like both main characters . Aside from heroine being a big cry-baby , she liked to deny & avoid problems . When Hero tried to confront their issues , heroine unfailingly interrupted him . She did n't want to hear it or know about it . She herself kept secrets from Hero . She did n't even tell him she got pregnant or miscarried . She wanted him to somehow know something was wrong & chase after her . Hero was better about getting things out in the open . But when his efforts failed , he resorted to threats & blackmail . I do n't know if he got tired of heroine 's immature antics or did n't care enough for her but he also did n't make an effort to discuss their r/s problems with her when she suddenly moved out of their house 2 years before . They were both emotionally unhealthy people.CAUTION
 I was intrigued by the title , so I purchased the book `` Study is Hard Work . '' Unfortunately , the book did not live up to my expectations . There were not enough methods on HOW to accomplish what you need to succeed . There were certainly parts of it that were useful , but the majority contained no `` Aha '' moments or insightful clues as to how to get the most out of a subject . If it were reorganized or contained more diagrams or descriptions of how to study for each particular subject , it would be better . - LP
 This book has a preachy tone that current readers will find hard to take but at the core of this book there are useful truths and insights into the learning process . For the good student , this book will confirm what he or she already knows and may add a few additional touches to personal trouble spots . For the average to poor student , it may be hard to get past the school marmish tone to get to `` the goods '' this book has to offer . I 'm afraid in today 's environment , this book wo n't reach those who need it the most .
 This is one of those brief reviews that pretty much assumes you are already familiar with what it covers . As such , do not expect to be introduced to the basic outlines of the history of Europe between 1815 and 1848 . Rather , expect to be subjected to a barrage of obscure -LRB- to me -RRB- names that are simply mentioned without any explanation
 I am a graduate student in organizational development . Although this book has some good underlying concepts , I found most of the book hard to follow and not very engaging . It was often difficult to see how many of the concepts actually apply to organizations . There may be good ideas , but they often get lost in the rambling chapters .
 This is a fantastic book for those people who are slowly losing their grip on reality . While some of the basic underlying concepts are good I do n't find myself practically applying the concept of psychic prisons to my organisation , nor do I view my staff as ameobas that make up a large organism . I have to admit though that I know of others who found the paradyme of organisations as instruments of domination highly arousing .
 I was required to buy this for a terrible class I took in law school . It is a left wing propaganda book . If you voted for Ralph Nader and think that Howard Zinn is a proper historian , you will love this book . If you have any sort of desire for balance or fairness in the presentation of history look elsewhere .
 I worked for one of the companies analyzed -LRB- and praised -RRB- in her book . She spent a few days with us , and we presented our Web strategies , which were not very strong at the time . She presented material from her Customers.com book -LRB- which I enjoyed more than this book -RRB- . And then she pointed out many problems with our Web strategies -LRB- many of which we knew ... but being a large company , we were having difficulty changing -RRB- . Imagine my surprise when I listened to this book and heard her praise our company . She should be in PR ... she made us sound a lot better than we were !
 Underwhelming restatement of the obvious.When was the following proclaimed ? `` Customers have taken control of our companies ' destinies . Customers are transforming our industries . `` a . A Marketing 101 class at any University in 1960 . b . This book.Answer
 He 's engineered recording sessions for Paul McCartney and John Lee Hooker . In the mid-1970 's he opened one of the world 's first digital recording studios . A little later he purchased the legendary Bay-area recording studio , The Plant . Meet Arne Frager , rock entrepreneur , who has managed the mixing boards for dozens of recording artists and enjoyed the rock-solid , decades-long expansion of the music industry.But last year all that changed . `` The whole music recording business is off 50 percent , '' Mr. Frager said in July , 2000 . `` The big record labels are so paralyzed by this MP3/napster/Gnutella / Freenet distribution of digital music , they 're not signing any new acts ! `` Welcome to the customer revolution , a chaotic , bottom-up transformation of the marketplace . While the revolution may be invisible , its battle cry sounds the death knell of the familiar top-down business model in which suppliers feed buyers a stock of consumable items.In the new regime , customers order products and services directly from producers capable of delivering mass-customization . Furthermore , consumers and providers can by - pass the cost-heavy distribution stream -- a move destined to shake up everyone from car dealers to insurance brokers.Patricia Seybold 's new book , The Customer Revolution , is intended to guide entrepreneurs into this new era of global , user-driven trade . She begins by examining the remarkable transformation of the music business , then analyzes the forces that are re-making almost every enterprise.Timbuk2 Designs offers a fascinating study of mass customization that is at the heart of Ms. Seybold 's thesis . You can log on to the company web site and custom-design a shoulder bag , checking the price for each feature you add . Once you complete the on-line payment , the bag is manufactured and shipped within hours.Other illustrations of customer-driven enterprises flesh out the author 's premise . For example , log on to to sample some of the 30,000 + commercial-free internet radio stations . After a few minutes , you 'll be wondering how commercial radio broadcasters will adapt to the challenge presented by this unlimited , consumer-selected stream of digital radio.Yet despite such compelling subject matter , Ms. Seybold 's Customer Revolution fails to achieve its mission . While her goal is clear , her strategy and tactics begin to falter after the opening chapters.First , it 's evident that too many authors had a hand in the book 's composition . The internal narratives about innovation that bolster the opening pages are abandoned and replaced by half-baked accounting models and re-cycled management theory.Next , the authors become so committed to their customer-centric analysis , they invent a new , customer-based accounting model . `` Customer capital '' and `` customer momentum '' are intended to measure `` lifetime customer value . '' But after several pages of explanation , Ms. Seybold and company confess that their new math does n't quite add up
 Martin review about the book is accurate ... it is a rehash of primitive Marketing 0001 concepts and offers nothing but repackaged and ancient maxims in the new IT speak ... I mean if you read the review by Mitchell a `` Top 10 Reviewer '' -LRB- what ever that is -RRB- you will see Marketing 0001 drivel littered in litany ... unless you are thick or truly a dim bulb about sales and marketing , these `` revelations '' are straight from an introductory sales and marketing book ... save yourself the money and buy Kalkota ...
 I was excited to read this book after her first book Customers.com . Not long after beginning the Customer Revolution did I realize that she has nothing new to say . If you read the reviews on the back of the back you could understand the whole book without even reading a page.Her new comparison to creating a flight deck is ridiculous and shows that she has spent way too much time on airplanes since her recent success with Customers.com . `` Patty 's Advice '' is EXTREMELY self serving and is nothing more than an effort for the companies that allowed her to do a case study to have exposure to her consulting practice ... If you read this book and feel you need to break down your customers to the agonizing details that she has developed , I feel sorry for your investors . There is no way for a company that follows her advice to become or remain profitable . The only conclusion would be that you need her consulting services because there 's no way you could do it yourself.Don ' t waste your time reading this book , take this advices and move on , `` Listen to what your customers are saying , find out what customers want , and act on their advice . '' Now that you know about the book find a really groundbreaking new one , not a self-serving attempt to sell consulting services .
 I agree that if you read the reviews on the back of the back you could understand the whole book without even reading a page.If you read this book and feel you need to break down your customers to the agonizing details that she has developed , I feel sorry for your investors . There is no way for a company that follows her advice to become or remain profitable . The only conclusion would be that you need her consulting services because there 's no way you could do it yourself.Don ' t waste your time and money reading this book .
 i particularly liked Funeral Music and hurridly ordered this book assuming it would be equally good . i was disappointed and skimmed much of it . the story meanders too much , the characters think and talk too much and there is not a coherent and direct story line . i 'm hoping the next book in the series moves more quickly . i have started Half Broken Things by Joss and have higher hopes for it .
 Although cleverly written and interesting to read , I would not recommend this book for a person who is not already well grounded in their knowledge of the faith . I found myself growing in disquiet with every chapter I read . While not directly espousing error , it came sufficiently close to be disturbing . I will give some examples to illustrate :1 -RRB- Chapter 3 on the Incarnation discusses how the Incarnation shows the essential dignity of man and even quotes Pope John Paul II on this point . Yet the way the point is made comes close to idolizing man - going as far as saying
 After reading all the glowing reviews of this book I was sadly disappointed!Cardboard characters and unbelievable plot , hardly worth the price of the book . A major sorespot indeed !!!
 I ca n't believe I swallowed the hype and bought this turkey . I only finished reading it because I thought it had to get better . I would rather read a stack of junior high poetry contest submissions than anything by this author . When I finish a book , I usually pass it on to someone I have recommended it to . I do n't want to offend anyone , so this thing is going in the trash where it belongs . Do n't waste your money or your time . Next time I will check the reviews at Amazon .
 Do n't waste your money ! I only finished it because I paid full price for it . Writing is terrible , 5th grade level at best . If this is the best book you 've read , the bar is ready to be raised . Last one I 'll read by this author ... there 's much more out there .
 If you like this book you will probably like `` Bless the Child '' by Cathy Cash Spellman . They are very similar . This book can be summed up in one word , simple
 I listened to the abridged audio CD version of this novel and it was so bad that I hardly wanted to finish it . The story might have been ok , but the performance by Debra Monk made the sheriff , Joanna Brady sound tired and weak and her husband a total wimp . Yuck !
 do yourself a favor - do n't waste your time with this book .
 This was my first Jance novel and probably my last . I am an open minded progressive reader of many novels and believe that we are all entitled to free speech and thought but throughout this book , men are relegated to subordinate if not subservient roles which is clearly not mainstream or believable . Many false assertions regarding the Catholic church abound with a specific reference to pediphile priests being dumped in New Mexico as if it was a known fact . The most offensive reference being that God clearly must be a woman . Do not buy from this author if morally conservative .
 This was my first Joanna Brady novel and I am just disapointed . After about 150 pages I gave up and decided not to finish it . I was OK with a female sheriff in conservative Arizona who had a stay at home husband who could do everything . Joanna was pregnant and I was thinking that the guy might find a way to nurse the baby when it arrived . It was fine when the Chief medical examiner in the next county was female . But when the local priest , or minister turned out to be female the book starated becoming unbelievable . When I discovered that the book read like a romance novel with a political agenda and that it seemed to be written for a teenage audiance , then I decided that there was a far more rewarding use of my time .
 For all the hype , -LRB- NY Times Bestseller ??!!! -RRB- , I was absolutley floored by how bad this book was . The writing is so poor I had trouble concentrating on the plot , which was probably a good thing.How many times can each character say something `` grimly '' ? Other repetitions with adjectives , verbs and adverbs -LRB- often in the same paragraph -RRB- drove me to distraction . Someone please buy Jance a Thesaurus.Conversations between characters were vacuous , and Joanna 's thoughts in italics were just plain stupid . Did I mention the exclamation points ? That 's 12th grade stuff , folks . Who the heck was the editor on this book?The only mystery about this book was why I read the whole thing . Guess I wanted to see how truly bad it was , and I was not disappointed.If you want good tight writing and twisting plots , try Karin Slaughter 's books .
 I did not make it past page 168 . Only 25 % of the book related to the primary story line , the remainder was morning sickness , her dogs , other people 's dogs , dog names , dog food , her Mr. Mom husband , her resentments against mother , husband -LRB- cooking -RRB- town people , mother , brother , mother , co-workers , mother , morning sickness , what foods nauseate her , what she can eat , how the smell of coffee sickens her , etc. . If I wanted this kind of personal turmoil and drama I would have my mother spend a month at my house . I simply could not manage to get through this 75 % put my story on Oprah and have Dr. Phil analyze me part of the book . Fortunately I keep my recycle bin close at hand . Excellent alternative for sleeping pills .
 It took me over 2 months to slog through this muck . Character and plot development is so jerky that by the time Jance returns to a thread you no longer care . The last two chapters get better but it 's not worth the wait .
 I also bought the hype of NYTimes Best Seller . Goes to show you some people have really bad taste . The story was promising and could have been exciting without the awful dialog . It seems like the author was being paid by the word - too much repetition , entire scenes which added nothing to the story , etc. . I would NEVER purchase another book by this author . Glad it 's over and this ones in the trash can ... Charlie
 Exit Wounds , by J.A. Jance , is my second Joanna Brady mystery . This review is based on the audio version . The reader , Debra Monk , was a little annoying . Everything she said was pretty monotone.This story started off really well , and caught my interest immediately . Carol Mossman , a loner , is found shot to death in her mobile home . Carol 's seventeen dogs , were trapped inside her mobile home , and all except a puppy are found dead from the Arizona heat.What follows after this was several subplots
 Eh . I was expecting more frankly . Guess I 'm used to books like Ball Four which I would give 5 stars . Not real dishy -LRB- this was '59 after all -RRB- but not real interesting either . I could n't wait to finish it just to get on to something better . Brosnan * thinks * he 's funny but I did n't laugh much at all . Two stars for it being about a subject I happen to like . Other than that , eh .
 A rabid Dana Stabenow fan , I had no idea she had ever written SF . Now I know why this little-known aspect of her past is little-known . Written in 1991 , the sequel to `` Second Star '' finds Star Svendotter leading an expedition and `` head -LRB- ing -RRB- out to the asteroid belt , man 's last wild frontier , to make their fortune . '' I trudged through this book , looking for any hint of the brillant talent that produced `` A Cold Day for Murder '' in 1992 . Nothing . I found nothing . This book 's only value lies in what came after it .
 To me this is where this series really started to go off the rails and divert into self-parody . I read most of these books as a teenager and enjoyed the action scenes and the female slave aspect at the time but now they just seem horrible . Norman never says anything once he can say three or four times ; does he think being so repetitous makes the utterances more profound or does he just not have anything else to say and needs to take up space ? I do not agree with the sexual philosophy but even if I did once a book is enough starting with this book you seem to get it once a chapter.When the bandit Hassan enters the palace dining romm on the back of his kaila end scatters gaurdsman with one sweep of his mighty sword and grabs the girl with one crack of the whip i just laugh.Books four , five and six are still good reads as far as I am concerned . The yellow pool of Turia is a truly unique adversary I did not figure out immediately and Harold and Kamchak of the Tuchuks are very funny . Book five is good for the action sequences , yes they are a little farfetched , and the plot twist where the hero realizes he is not fooling anyone but that they are fooling him . Book six I just liked the battles at sea , everything else was very pedestrian . Books eight and nine had overtones of Beowulf which i liked also .
 john norman needs help . he has obviously long-sheltered a fondness for the use of ` binding fibre ' on helpelss women . the climax of the sex scenes , basically , was tying them up . i wait his next publication with baited breath . . and a forlorn hope of no rope .
 I ordered the book after watching `` north and south '' tv adaptationto another of elisabeth gaskell 's book . i was curious to know more from this writer.but this one was nothing similar : the plot is slow , including irrelevant and too detailed side stories.the main characters are not clear and are very distant to the reader , in a way it 's hard to care for them . so it was easy leaving the book in the middle .
 A good quality novel , with somewhat a cheavanistic attitude on life . It complies with known faculties and derives from Dickens and ` Hard Times . ' END
 This book is ridiculous . The story is about some strange kids helping a caterpillar get to the Musical tree of Many Colors via pickup truck and space ship . Huh ? Then the caterpillar turns into a butterfly in the normal fashion . The kids learn about this transformation in a space ship . In an attempt to be educational , a Van Gogh painting appears for no apparent reason . It appears to have been written by a committee . `` Hey , I know , we can have a bug and a truck ! '' `` Yeah , and a space ship ! '' `` How about some art ? Who 's a famous artist ? '' It makes no sense.If your child would be interested in learning about metamorphosis , you can find lots of good books that do n't confuse the subject by requiring the caterpillar to need human -LRB- and alien -RRB- assistance to get to the right plant . Plus , the biology of this book is all wrong . The caterpillar shown grows on a milkweed plant in the spring , not a mushroom , as shown . Caterpillars do n't eat dried yellow maple leaves as the kids feed the one in the story ; they eat milkweed leaves . They do n't need to move from the milkweed anywhere , and especially not to a maple tree in fall colors , and definitely not in the bed of a pickup truck driven by another caterpillar or by an alien ship manned by someone named Rocket . The butterfly is not a caterpillar in a brand-new outfit , as one of the characters asserts . The whole thing is just wrong.Personally , I think it 's absurd to take what is a magical story and make it bizarre and unrealistic in an attempt to entertain kids so much that they do n't notice they 're learning . Why not just tap into the natural desire children have to learn ? I would n't recommend this book to anyone .
 My problem with this book is that it is wrongly titled by the reprint publisher -LRB- it was originally published in 1925 -RRB- something that the current editor must have gone along with . The correct title is The New Negro
 This book is incredible , along with the two other books I ordered from the same sender
 Just to start off - if you are just beginning to learn how to do computer coloring , DO NOT buy this book . Not yet , at least . The DC Comics Guide to Coloring and Lettering Comics is not written for the novice , but seems largely aimed at those who have had at least some experience with coloring before . While I 'm sure I 'll get some use out of this book later on , right now it is simply sitting on my shelf , unused , next to my other computer coloring books.The DC Comics Guides are always interesting , but they never offer what is really needed - hands-on examples and tutorials . Computer coloring is difficult enough - especially in the early stages when you are trying to isolate your line art and get it ready for coloring in the first place -LRB- this can be a highly difficult and , indeed , frustrating process -RRB- and you need a book that will hold your hand through the process . The DC Comics Guide to Coloring and Lettering is , unfortunately , not that book . While DC certainly means well , trying to publish useful books with their brand name to get a foothold in the `` How to Draw '' market , they have n't yet hit upon a successful formula in my opinion.Why is n't this book successful , you ask ? First , the lack of `` how tos '' . There is really not one part of this book that offers tutorials with step-by-step instructions and screen shots to help you out . This is a book on the theory of coloring - in other words , once you know what you 're doing , it will teach you how to improve , create subtlety , select the right colors and effects , etc. . It is a finesse book , for those who want to add that extra something to their work . For those of us who are still on the first level , learning what to do , this book is a ways ahead of us . This goes for the `` lettering '' portion of this book as well . Second , the unclear instructions . Their section on how to set up your files for coloring , for example , is so confusing that I had to go through the steps several times , over and over again , and I 'm still not convinced I 've gotten it right . If you 're trying to teach a subject , you 've got to be able to communicate more clearly than this.For those who want really good books on computer coloring , here are three that I recommend without reservation :1 . Hi-Fi Color For Comics
 I got this book to accelerate my knowledge , but I decided that it s not as good as other books of the same kind . Namely , Hi-Fi Guide to coloring Comics , and the lettering book by Comicraft . I got this book because its a book about DC comics , my personal favorites , and I thought I would get better direction on how to `` do these things like they do '' Sadly this just isnt the case . The direction is just a skimming off the top and gives great history , but actually I have yet to find anything helpful in it . The Comicraft lettering book gives you step by step in Illustrator ; and once you learn it it sticks in your mind . Simple as that . The hi fi book , gives instruction and comes with hady texture maps to give your colors more appeal . I would probably recommend this book to younger artists 14 and below . Maybe this was the age bracket it was intended for ?
 There is no truth in advertising here
 I purchased this book thinking I would learn Photoshop techniques for coloring . There were n't any . It verily explained the terminology . If you are interested in the theory of why comic books are colored the way they are , this book is for you . If you want to learn the technical skills for coloring , this book is not for you .
 This book was fairly well-written , but I found some of the `` facts '' in this story pretty hard to believe . Youngblood contends that the events in the story are factual for the most part . But author Robin Moore is strangely silent . Moore never once claims that the book is non-fiction or is a biography . It is simply what Jack told him.The book reads like a teenage boy 's fantasy , where Youngblood is a mixture between Han Solo and Indiana Jones , a rogue with a heart of gold . He can handle any gun and fly any plane . And all women love him , of course.Jack Youngblood is definitely a true character . But I believe that he is a bit prone to exaggaration . He reminds me a bit of the dad in the movie `` Big Fish '' . If you would like to know more about Jack Youngblood , including links regarding his possible involvement in the assassination of Dr. Martin Luther King , -LRB- ... -RRB-
 The method itself is extremely interesting , unfortunately the authors repeat the same examples over and over again . Very annoying . The style borders on boring . I would recommend definitely reading the book from Savransky as a much better example of TRIZ
 To support the title , I 'll take as an example only one chapter of Mr Buckley 's book : The age of Greek Tyranny : c.650-510 -LRB- page 47 -RRB- . First , the term `` Age of Tyranny '' as above is at least unfortunate.The author astounds everyone by such an unfounded allegation , since it is well known that tyrannies exist from their inception throughout Greek history . Second , at page 47 he defines a tyrant ` as someone who had seiged power unconstitutionally ' , thus implying that the cities where tyrants took over had pre-existing constitutions , which is untrue . Third , in his section `` Feidon of Argos '' at page 55 he alleges that `` the Chalcidians were the best in pre-hoplite fighting '' , whereas it is well known that Chalkis ' strength lay on its horsemen , as it is reported in the expedition of 508 BC in the topic of Cleisthenes and the war of the Athenians against the Spartan alliance . I only chose these three points to illustrate and state further that I would never have recommended this book to my A-level Ancient History students .
 If you 're looking for literature , forget it . This is barely at summer beachtime reading level . On the other hand , if you like romance novels set in `` mysterious exotic locations '' this may be just for you . Hell , take a look at the cover , it 's just a `` latinized '' version of that guy with the long hair who sells butter standing on a windy cliff with a bodice-busting babe and a mansion in the background . How sad that fiction from this area of the world is now coming to this . And Borges wept . -LRB- Yeah , I know , re-reading what I wrote it sounds snobbish , but I 'm still angry that I spent the money for this tripe -RRB- .
 I 've never written a review before , but I 'm so lost after reading this book that I had to warn others before they come down the same road.I agree with `` a reader '' that the author will `` introduce a topic but , before developing it , tell the reader that she 'll explain later how it -LRB- method , procedure , & c ;-RRB- should be accomplished . '' It 's enough to drive a person crazy . Also , if you run into a problem , too bad . Troubleshooting is a nontopic in this book .
 This book is totally disjointed . The author will introduce a topic but , before developing it , tell the reader that she 'll explain later how it -LRB- method , procedure , & c ;-RRB- should be accomplished . This infuriating tactic happens repeatedly thereby making it impossible to learn anything . I also suspect that the author does NOT grasp the underlying theoretical/architectural concepts of FrontPage , much less -LRB- X -RRB- HTML , enough to provide the reader much more than a blind how-to guide . She never explains WHY we choose this option , WHY we pick this menu item , WHY we highlight this text , WHY we insert this file , and so on ... If you do n't believe me , look at the reviews of this same author 's `` FrontPage 2002 with CD-ROM '' previous version of this book.Be skeptical of glowing 5-star reviews from critics who find absolutely no fault with the books they are reviewing . `` Before reading xxxx I knew absolutely nothing but after devouring this paragon of perfection I am now totally conversant with the subject of yyyy . ''
 This is a terrible book . I am a total novice in FrontPage and web page creation but have lots of experience in computers including programming years ago.Usually I am the one everyone asks questions of with computers.I was unable find the Button she talked about on the 3rd page . I searched everywhere for it and asked Microsoft and HELP and still have n't found it . She assumes you know where things are but we DO N'T . very frustrating experience .
 The book is too generalized . People who would buy this are web publishers who know SOMETHING about the web and HTML . The book is disappointing in that it really does n't tell you HOW to do anything ! This is a problem . Front Page comes with no instructions , so it must be intuitively figured out . You 'll do better just playing with the program . Of course , no web designer in his right mind will condone using this most-terrible program in the first place ... maybe it 's why MS no longer makes it .
 This book did nothing for me . Out of the 1,500 pickup lines in here , about five at best were even practical . I 've read a lot about pickup in the past few months , and almost every single line in this book is self defeating . If you want to gamble on your `` game , '' or whether or not you have a hand imprint on your face after the interaction , buy this book . If you 're looking for a strategy to set yourself apart from the other douche bags out there hitting on gorgeous women , this book will not help you .
 This book should be called `` A history of religion and philosophers '' . I got it to research the attitudes of those opposed to science in history , and there was not much I could lift from it . However it 's quite interesting , just not much about science .
 As a student of astronomy I was at least a bit familiar with some of the history , especially of the time around Galileo , so I skipped past the prologue -LRB- or more correctly `` why the Christian Church is horrible '' -RRB- section and went straight to the 1500 's . Note quote marks are the authors work , breaks in between are my comments . `` So great was the preference given to sacred over profane learning that Christianity had been in existence fifteen hundred years , and had not produced a single astronomer . '' Oh , really ? Pope Sylvester II -LRB- 1000 's -RRB- , Johannes de Sacrobosco -LRB- 1200 's -RRB- , Nicole Oresme -LRB- 1300 's -RRB- , and Nicholas of Cusa -LRB- 1400 's -RRB- would disagree and they were just a few Catholic CLERIC Astronomers . `` Copernicus , a Prussian , ... '' and Catholic Cannon -LRB- I wonder if the author knew and left this out or just never came across this bit of info -RRB- `` Aware that his doctrines were totally opposed to revealed truth ... '' and could not be proved scientifically `` refrained from publishing his book for 36 years ... -LSB- until -RSB- the entreaty of Cardinal Schomberg . '' Well , at least he admitted that we owe a Cardinal the publishing of this book . Although it was banned , as far as I can tell it was n't until 100 years after his death with and that mostly due to Galileo 's personality conflict with certain church authorities . '' -LSB- Waxing poetic about Galileo noting a couple of astronomical phenomena -RSB- and many other beautiful telescopic discoveries tended to the establishment of the truth of the Copernican system . '' While they were indeed evidence for it , it still was not scientifically provable . For Copernicus still used spherical orbits and his system was no better than the Ptolemaic one at predicting the motions , which is what a scientific theory is supposed to do . `` By the low and ignorant ecclesiastics ... '' and noted scientists like Tycho Brahe '' ... they were denounced as deceptions or frauds . '' Now for the Evil Church attacks poor noble Galileo -LRB- conveniently leaving out how he insulted the pope ... of course being insulted does not justify the actions of any man , but this author is so driven by an agenda that he has made Galileo a saint . -RRB- `` He was then committed to prison '' otherwise known as house arrest in his villa.The author picks and chooses bits of facts , distorts and lies to create a blatant anti-Christian screed and anyone who thinks otherwise is smoking something . I studied Astrophysics and am a faithful Catholic . There have been many , MANY Catholic scientists who have made notable contributions to their fields of study . So , where can we find a good history of science and religion ? I hear Stanley L. Jaki is a good author on the topic or you could just go check out the Vatican Observatory .
 I recently took a history of science course -LRB- the Learning Company -RRB- by Lawrence Principie , who holds dual appointments at Johns Hopkins -LRB- Organic chemistry and The History of Science -RRB- . In one of the lectures he spent considerable time spotlighting this book and expressing his conviction that NO serious student of the history of science takes this book seriously . It is full of errors ; the author misquotes sources and is generally thought of as a great example of how a book should not be written and how an author should not do his research . Read this book but do n't take it seriously .
 The `` History of the Conflict Between Religion and Science '' may be of significant history for a reader who is interested in 19th Century views on religion and science -LRB- and as such it certainly has great merit -RRB- , but for a reader seeking genuine insight on the books topic it largely useless.The author , keeping with his time , follows an evolutionary vision of human thought , instantly discarding any thought of the `` primitives '' and seeing true value only in his `` enlightened '' mind-set . Perhaps even worse , there is more than a bit of religious propaganda that sneaks its way into the text , without the author ever denoting it as such . For example , the ancient Christian polemic of Bahira , the heretical monk , is repeated as historical fact with no indication that it is at best pure legend .
 There are two problems with this book
 Supposedly witty and humorous , as a devoutly religious person , I found the book to be way too irreverent for my comfort level ; it seemed to mock God -LRB- as well as Noah -RRB- , and I could n't force myself to read the last half -LRB- although I skimmed a few sections -RRB- . Noah was not pictured as a Godly being but as somewhat of a tyrant , and I did n't feel that the sexual `` escapades '' belonged in a Bible story.I 'm sure there are those who are in disagreement , but this is , honestly , how I felt about the book and can not recommend it .
 Item arrived in excellent condition ... the `` book '' however was a great disappointment . I only was able to listen to a very little of the first disc because of language and content . I was expecting something totally different than this . Very disappointed in it !
 This is honestly one of the worst books I 've read all year . You can tell the author probably is n't Jewish OR Christian just by the messed up theology in this book . He also potrays Noah as a abusive husband , Shem as a son who blindly follows his father 's faith . He also does n't understand that God would have kept the animals on the ark alive -LRB- he has several animals dying , including a rabbit -LSB- which means there would be no rabbits in the world . Rabbits are unclean , therefore there would have been 2 of them . Kill one , there are no rabbits . -RSB- -RRB- It also gets sexually graphic at points , which really does n't have a place in this book.Overall , if you must read this book , borrow it from a library . It 's not worth the paper it 's printed on .
 Why not use the names in the common scripture that we are all familiar with . . Noah , Shem , Ham and Canaan . In particular , rather than use the name of Canaan , who was cursed by Noah -LRB- implying that all Canaanites were cursed -RRB- another name was used . Whether this odd assortment of names -LRB- going back to a previous scriptural translation -RRB- was done to be cute , or if there was a more sinister reason , it was at the least an annoyance.Another issue that I found disturbing was the painting of Noah as a tyrant to his family . He may have had reverence for the Almighty , but he was shown to be a mean fellow , particularly to his wife . The reason that he and his family were chosen above all others to be survivor of the deluge was not made clear . Noah may not have had a sexual appetite for other women , contrary to others in the story who did , but was that reason enough for him to survive?In Scripture there is no mention of any authority given to Noah to invite others to go with him . He is clearly commanded to take only his wife and children and their wives . But he tells others that if they would have a good heart they would be allowed to come with him . This is another flaw , and a serious one , I believe . Why did Noah assume the sin of pride in showing others that he had the power to bring them along , even if no one took him up on it?This was a poorly thought-out story . It is a fairy tale within a fairy tale , and it just did n't work for me . The facts are not all correct , and the underlying impetus for the entire episode of the flood is not shown clearly . I tend to think that the reasons for writing such a book , changing the names , particularly not acknowledging Canaan and Canaanites as the cursed of Scripture , is more a promotion of a revisionist way of treating the subject , and of treating the Old Testament , than an interesting take on legend . Sunday schools should concentrate on readings from Scripture until something comes along that makes more sense and that is more honest than this attempt .
 I like this book , it contains basic information on the Sabbats and includes some handy crafts for you to perform during each Sabbat and some history on them . However the writing is so random you can hardly spot * where * was that thing you saw and wanted to do . But it 's nice .
 Granted , this book does have lots of good yearly Pagan holiday information and craft ideas and recipes , but I do n't like the style of it . The book has no sections , headings , formatting or any other way to quickly reference or distinguish anything . It is not a calendar nor has correspondences , it 's mostly history and background , which is great if not for the lousy presentation style
 This has to be the worst book I have ever seen on the subject . 154 pages dealing with ONE home office layout/concept . AND this is from 2002 . Very difficult to get ideas as it deals with one outdated office concept and explains how to build the components from scratch . In this day and age most components can be bought it is the ideas that are needed . Useless book . Do n't know how it had over 4 stars when I bought it .
 I am not sure if the NATO-loving interventionist party has a propaganda arm or perhaps funding the propaganda tools is done more discretely and I have no time to check the author 's revenue streams . It 's quite possible even though not too likely that the book was committed out of the kindness of heart of a naive do-goodist unknowingly serving imperial masters but whatever is ... is.The actual ` facts ' are that the so-called NATO , after being made irellevant by the Soviet Union dissolution needed ` something ' to keep militarism alive and it turns out that Yugoslavia was it . Note that no one ever thought of , let 's say , intervening in the Palestinians case and bomb their overlords into submission the same way huge propagandist armies are screaming over Iran 's possibly attaining the ` capability ' of mastering the 80 year old ` nuclear cycle ' technology while there 's not a peep concerning let 's say the Jewish state 's actually stockpiling hundreds of nukes . Iran ` must ' submit to the most intrusive inspections or face sustained bombing , assassinations and crippling cyber attacks because it ` might have ' thought about building nukes but dare to suggest that the Jewish state allow inspectors into their own nuclear facilities and the propaganda death squads would swarm in for the kill.But let 's not digress . Yugoslavia used to be a peaceful , relatively happy and prosperous country until NATO set to take it apart . During War World 2 , Serb ` partisans ' fought the Germans to a standstill and were known for sheltering downed American pilots . After the war while turning ` socialist ' because most of the partisans were people of the left , Yugoslavia refused to align itself with the Soviet block and stay proudly independent , out of the Warsaw pact , its people free to travel abroad and its economy leaning more toward West than the Russian block . Life was good and it stayed that way until the communist block collapsed . Then ... mission Yugo destruction was launched and propaganda barrages were quickly followed by bombs dropping . Facing the powerful 20-something nations armies Yugoslavia never had a chance.The author seems to be one of the post-kill bottom-feeding propagandists who make a living feeding on whatever decaying meat may be still left sticking to the bones.Good work . Hopefully it pays well but who might be the paymaster ?
 I really loved the movie , but just want to warn you that the last part of the book is wildly different than the movie , and pretty much of a bummer ... . Neither of the characters come off as being very likable . I was very disappointed and wished I had n't read it . I am a big fan of C. S. Forester 's Hornblower series , but it 's obvious that he has a very cynical view of women and married life , and it comes through much more strongly in The African Queen .
 First off , I want to say I wholly agree with the other two star reviewer.The basic set up : Missionary Rose Sayer is left high and dry after the Germans kill the villagers and her brother Samuel . Cockney boat owner Charley Allnut lets her ride along with him on his creaky old boat and Rose gets the brilliant idea to use the explosives on the boat to torpedo the K&ouml;nigin Luise and convinces Allnut to go along with it . Why he goes along with this is any one 's best guess -LRB- I was sure scratching my head over it -RRB- . But to get to that point , they must travel the river , avoiding the Germans and their guns , shoot rapids that no one has ever shot before to reach the lake where they will find their target.Shooting dangerous rapids in a creaky boat , being fired upon by evil German soldiers and risking all to strike a blow for freedom and Britain . Wow , that should be even better as a book , right ? Not . Boring , boring , boring.I just never bought into the relationship that develops between Rose and Charlie , nor could I fathom why he 'd merrily follow along on her cockamamie plan to blow up the Germans . How a sheltered on-the-shelf missionary managed to learn how to hold the tiller and guide them through rapids like no one has done before them really stretched the credulity meter , but even worse is how it all ends once they reach the lake and the K&ouml;nigin Luise . I wo n't spoil , but if you 're expecting a big bang like in the movie , think again - it 's a snoozer , albeit a mercifully short one . This was so dull it almost put me to sleep on the treadmill , and I only finished as it was I needed an Africa book for a reading challenge . Not recommended .
 I was shocked to learn how bad this book really is . The title is so beloved by many as the Bogart/Hepburn classic , and one would expect the book to not only match the Hollywood translation but to dwarf it with typical literary superiority . Not so . The basic plot itself is brilliant enough in its simplicity
 The author missed out on this one . While it is a good read , the author mis-uses a genetic disease for what afflicts the heroine . Just another book to confuse the general public about neurofibromatosis .
 I did not enjoy this book nearly as much as I expected to . I thought the characters were unrealistic & behaved improbably throughout.While there is a certain suspension of disbelief that a reader engages in while reading fiction , this book went far beyond these limits . For instance , the protagonist , Callista , dislikes the telephone because she prefers to spend time gardening , yet allows her sister to repeatedly insist she answer & return calls when she does n't want to ; the casual way she ignores being locked in the shed is also extremely unrealistic , as is the loss of the straight razor which she left in the seat of an unlocked car . The gardening information was excellent & interesting , but the story itself disappointing .
 This `` book '' began it 's life as an e-Book , available as a download for a small fee . It reads like something you 'd find on a Rush fan 's personal website ... especially the passages in which the author tells us `` when I 'm in -LRB- x -RRB- mood , I like to listen to -LRB- x -RRB- song . '' Furthermore , his observations about the meaning of Rush 's songs are always obvious in nature.Roberto 's `` book '' of song interpretations includes EVERY song that Rush released from `` PERMANENT WAVES '' -LRB- 1980 -RRB- to `` TEST FOR ECHO '' -LRB- 1996 -RRB- . In this respect - the sheer quantity of songs discussed - it surpasses Carol Selby Price 's book on Rush lyrical analysis `` Mystic Rhythms
 For anyone who can barely speak English , this is a great book -- it 's so oversimplified and generalized and structured for the average 8 yr old that it 's the most unreadable waste of paper that trees have ever given life for . It 's just awful . It 's actually too terrible to be funny . Avoid it like the plague.Here 's some of the author 's brilliance paraphrased
 While the writing style of this book is very simple , it also seems the author knew it was sparse on content by the way he used so many filler words . If there were more complex ideas he could have been more straightforward with the writing , but as it is he 's lucky he got so many pages out of the few ideas he discusses . I literally could have written a better book with deeper discussion without further research , which the author claims to have done . -LRB- How is it possible to read everything about Rush online ? Does that now include this review ? -RRB- If you 're writing a book about lyrics , do n't even mention the instrumentals -LRB- more filler -RRB- . About `` Where 's My Thing ? '' Roberto claims
 I ca n't believe I bought the back cover hype , and purchased this book . Mr. Roberto should have begun most sentences with , `` Uh ... '' . Lacking confidence , he speculates on the shallow , obvious sides of Neal 's brilliant lyrics . I can only surmise that a Writers Club Press saw dollar signs , conspired with a bogus editer , and convinced Mr. Roberto that his internet thoughts would make a good book . But , c'mon Len , this book is in your name , and your reputation . How could you have not fleshed out this manuscript to make it readable ? Skip this book , and read Mystic Rythums .
 I have not read any other Rush related books , so my rating of this book is not a relative one . The author -LRB- and I 'm being kind when I call him that -RRB- misses a lot of the meaning of the songs and , in my opinion sees things that I do not think Peart intended . I do not mind the latter since the reason we read books , poetry , or lyrics is to gain our own interpretation . My problem here is total lack of credibility . In the `` About the Author '' passage at the back of the book , there are two sentences which state about four facts
 I do n't really have to say anything more than the reviewers before me have said . Thankfully the book is short so if you do fall victim to reading it you wo n't have wasted much time and if you 've purchased it you wo n't have wasted much money . The only reason I 've given it even one star is because it is about Rush and their music . It is just plain awful .
 Really Bad . Embarrassingly bad . In fact , this book is so bad that I do n't want to dignify it further by saying any more than that.On the other hand , if clarifying and delving deeper into Neil Peart 's prosaic and allegorical lyrics is of interest to you , then I strongly recommend `` Mystic Rhythms
 For a book on the lyrics of a band as complex and intellectual as Rush 's , this book is a joke . Even with the most simple examination of these songs , I can not figure out how this author could have come up with this analysis . I am a die-hard Rush fan and I still could hardly get through it .
 I 've always been a rabid Rush fan , but after receiving this in the mail I 'm just plain rabid . This is garbage . Is it just a transcription of the guy 's blog ? Seems like it.I guess I had no choice but to buy it , since I am programmed to buy all of Rush 's albums and every book about them without thinking twice , but this one is a major lemon :1 . It 's only 63 pages , apparently privately published .2 . Full of factual , typographical , and grammatical errors .3 . Analyses of the songs are like superficial , unlearned , and unimaginative .4 . Starts with `` Permanent Waves '' and ends with `` Test for Echo . `` Did somebody put a gun to this writer 's head and force him to write about something he knew zilch about under pain of death ? Seems like it . Come on . THIS GUY is writing a book about Rush ?! The author believes he 's got insights to offer you on the subject of Rush 's lyrics , whereas I think it would be straining his capabilities merely to suck the lichen off of rocks.Here 's the depth you 're in store for , from his discussion of `` Jacob 's Ladder '' : `` I believe the title of this time refers to an Old Testament story -LSB- Uh , would checking Wikipedia would have been a Herculean labor ? -RSB- . I also seem to remember that it may be a mariner 's term for some natural phenomenon , or a discharge of electricity . Regardless , `` Jacob 's Ladder '' is a song describing the sun 's rays after a violent storm . There are , of course , many interpretations that can be applied to this song ... '' -LRB- p. 6 -RRB- So there you go ! Many possible interpretations.Boy , do we need one of these for Rush : Led Zeppelin
 Type this author 's name in the amazon search and see what comes up
 Forbush equates good Judaism and Christianity with patriotism , and his teachings contain carnal error and a pathetically low view of the Lord Jesus . Forbush has no understanding of Messiahship . For example , he thinks Jesus was a follower of John the Baptist and hero-worshipped John . Jesus , he says , joined John 's `` movement '' , having been baptized into it , making Jesus a disciple of John ! Jesus bowed Himself at John 's feet . From his 1912 children 's Life of Jesus , Bible Study Union Series , here are examples of his doctrine : `` Jesus hastened from His hilltop home , down the Jordan valley , to meet John . Through all these years of silence He had been studying the same problems which John had faced in the desert , and He was , no doubt , now feeling very clearly that His own great future was just at hand . He must have listened to the impassioned speaker with admiration . He must have felt toward him something of hero-worship . '' -LRB- pages 44-45 -RRB- . '' -LSB- Jesus -RSB- bowed Himself at the feet of John as his follower and allied Himself with this movement for the purifying of the nation 's life . When Jesus came and asked to be baptized by John He was not claiming leadership , He was becoming a soldier in the ranks ... '' -LRB- page 46 -RRB- Forbush was a teacher who unfortunately did not understand spiritual things . I am sorry to find his works still being published .
 I should have listened to other reviews regarding the lack of chapter navigation but I really wanted an ESV Bible on my Kindle and this was the only choice.I recently started reading straight through a paper ESV version so I thought it would be great to move that reading to my recently purchased Kindle . Unfortunately , I had to page all the way from Genesis 1 to Genesis 24 by clicking next page repeatedly - that took a very long time!I really like the ESV and I probably could have given this Bible 5 stars if it just had chapter links . I hope that can be added in an update.If you need a Bible that can be quickly navigated - DO NOT buy this one . If you want to read a book from start to finish , this will do the job -LRB- you can jump to books from the table of contents -RRB- .
 I bought this bible , because I was wanting a good everyday devotional bible . I love the way that ESV puts things . I was very imressed with the cover . Great details . However , the print is too small for every day use in my opinion . I gave my copy to my mom , and she seems to really like it . So , if you 're concerned about print size , check out the TruTone Personal Size Reference Bible . It is slightly larger and has bigger print without being bulky .
 This story was wayy too long , with no real story line and the pages are wayy too thin . 2/5 stars
 I was very disappointed to see a bright silver , embossed NAME across the front of the Bible , `` Dr. Joseph Sarma . '' This is information that should have been given ! The photo of the face of the book has been altered , if this is supposed to be the same book . Boo/hiss .
 It 's a mystery to me how this book can be sold as a `` Large-print '' Bible , because the font size is 8 . I could n't read it . If you 're looking for a large-print Bible , do n't buy this one .
 I only gave this book one star because I could n't give it a minus . Almost everything that is wrong with our modern world is represented somewhere in this book . It promotes intolerance , rape , murder , torture , classicism , sexism , racism , arrogance , and stupidity . Altruism , an agenda that works about as well as socialism , is promoted as the key theme , with the exclusion of whoever the Bible chooses to elevate to a higher class . Which of course can be taken away at the whim of an all powerful god whenever he feels like playing a game . Like in poor Job 's case.Unlike most followers of this book of zeal and hatred , I have actually read it from cover to cover several times . It was that , or pay attention to the mindless ramblings of the preacher my parents made me listen to four times a week as a I grew up . It 's actually not a book of just nonsense , but dangerous nonsense , that has been responsible for way more crimes against humanity than Hitler , Napoleon , Attila the Hun , and all the other mass murders combined .
 I 've been a Christian all my life but I realized I had never read the bible , so I bought it and read it front to back and its the damnedest thing ... now i 'm an Atheist .
 Ill stick with the King James Version , ca n't take a horror story and try and twist it into a romance novel .
 This book was extremely overly ambitious , trying to cover the origins of the universe alongside the history of Cna'an -LRB- including tiresome , somewhat alarming judicial records -RRB- , all the while assuming moral and scientific superiority , without bothering to reference or prove the fantastic claims brought within.Even if we set aside the fact that most of the ` facts ' related within this bronze-age book are in stark contrast to modern scientific thought , theory and fact , the format itself is somewhat archaic and unfriendly , with multiple errors and deviations on the translator -LRB- s ? -RRB- side from the original Hebrew.I would not recommend this book be read to children , nor set as any sort of moral compass .
 This book is the story of a despotic super human who creates the whole of humanity then destroys of them at will who do not obey every petty little rule , including killing off the whole of humanity expect for his eight favourites in a flood . The punishment for any peccadillo is death ! It includes a story about how the despot 's most faithful follower , a man called Job , loses his health , his wealth and his family just for a wager with the despot 's arch enemy . The second part of the book tells how the despot -LRB- who is own father -RRB- became human himself and instead of liberating an oppressed people encourages them to `` turn the other cheek '' and `` go the extra mile '' . Even worse , the second half of the book forms a new moral code in which the rules are even stricter -LRB- e.g. instead of adultery being a crime it is now a crime even to think about it ! -RRB- and as death is no longer regarded as sufficient punishment the new punishment of eternal damnation in hell is introduced . That punishment will be given to anybody who does not follow the prescribed religion , give all their money to the religion and praise the despot , telling him how kind and loving he is ! The book has been used in the past to justify the traditional practices of homophobia and slavery , although nowadays many people who believe in this book claim completely the opposite.Fortunately , the book has many inconsistencies from which anybody of average intelligence can identify it as fiction but there are still too many misguided people around who base their morals on this evil book .
 So alot of people I know read this one and said it was pretty great . As soon as it started off I was worried it was gon na be like that Friends episode where Rachel asked Joey to kiss her and then the whole thing is just a dream . I hate that old just a dream trick . But anyway this story was n't at all like that . It was worse ! First of all I thought he was going to fall in love with that girl but he does n't , that was dumb why even bring her in ? Then , the main guy dies in the end ! Not even in the end , but he dies and the book just goes on and on blah blah blah . I have n't read any of Jamess other boks but who-ever decided to call him King should maybe thing again about that idea ha !
 I tried to get into this book , but it was just bizarre in the way it is structured . In the first few chapters it told of a cute little tale of a guy who got bored , because no one else existed , so this magical man from the sky made him a woman . Yet in the next chapter , they where both born on the same day , but looking past that they went on a picnic and are told not to eat from a certain tree , by this magical man in the sky ; but they do it anyway , cause the plot needed some sprucing up at that point . So the story teller wrote in a talking snake to convince them to eat from the tree , which resulted in the man in the sky telling them off for doing so , it just was n't the kind of ending I hoped for.It got even more bizarre after that , there was all these fictional stories that did not tie in together . One in particular I was reading was about this guy who was informed a flood was coming , by that dude in the sky again , and he gathers two of every animal on the entire planet , and manages to get them in his boat . He must have had a big boat , cause even today 's largest freight ships could not possibly fit 2 of every animal , but it never explained how he managed to get 2 of every animal in the world to all meet in the one spot , or on the same land for that matter . And how did he manage to get all the animals to co-exist , or survive ? When my cat is in the same room as my dog , they tear the place up as the cat runs for it 's life . . which just makes me wonder what it was like on that boat when a Lion caught site of a Buffalo , or an Elephant caught glimpse of a mouse.I also did not quite understand these Jews that escaped from Egypt and wandered around the desert for 40 years and forty nights . Yad think they might colonize or figure out whoever is leading them is walking them around in circles . I find it even harder to believe the group did not split up and say , `` if you find a civilization , send back a search party ... and some sleeping pills , cause this being awake wandering for 40 days and 40 nights is pretty tiresome on our bodies , we could all use a good power nap now '' ... they did find a burning bush that talked to them , but I think it was something else of mother nature burning away that made them see this , cause if they wanted me to buy into this part of the story , they should have had a return by the talking snake in a cameo appearance.The thing that kind of scared me about this was there was all this talk about how people should live there lives . Some of it sounded good , like do n't kill people or boink your neighbors wife , even tho she is your neighbor , sounds kind of sexist if you ask me , but I did not like these options that you can stone your children to death if they disobey you , and you can have a slave ... wait , what ? You can have a slave ? that sounds so wrong ... oh wait a minute , you have to free them after 6 years , ok , phew , I was worried there for a second that this book might send out some wrong messages.There was also this really gruesome stuff about the guy in the sky getting mad and killing people with a plague , and taking away all the first born children ... but yet , he supposedly loved each and every one of them no matter what ... sounds kinda messed up if you ask me , and I would not recommend electing this guy in the sky as your leader , especially when it comes off sounding like the guy has split personalities and most likely is bipolar . There was also a lot of contradiction ; Things like , telling people they can not kill anyone , as murder is just not on ; but yet later says you can stone your kids to death if they disobey you ... but then I did find this part that made me realize you get another option , and that is to sell your daughter into slavery or prostitution ... which sounded wrong to me at first , but hey , it 's better then murdering her I suppose.I did not like the authors homophobic tendencies he wrote all over the book either . There is supposed to be the rule it set that you can not kill someone , they refer to this as a deadly `` sin '' , yet in it 's own words in many parts says any homosexuals should be killed.There was so many more things in this book that just shocked me , and I found the mixture of brutal horror in with children 's fairy tales to just not be the sort of thing that should be combined . It 's a weird book , and does n't seem to have much continuity going for it , but overall I can see why it is so cheap to purchase , and why I have been in so many Motel rooms where people have left their copy of this behind .
 I 'll start by saying the ESV version of the Bible is wonderful . This presentation of scripture is eloquent and flowing . I would recommend this version to just about anyone.Now about the binding ... I own two ESV bibles . I purchased the Heirloom Reference Edition about a year ago , and was beyond delighted when I received it . The Heirloom binding is thick and luxurious . The pages are also thick , egg-white in color , with very generous margins , and `` large '' print . It is one of the finest Bibles I own.I wanted a second less expensive ESV Bible to purchase for outside-the-home use . Thus I purchased and began using the `` Premium Bonded Leather '' version on July 1 , 2006 -LRB- three months ago -RRB- . First of all , it does not feel like bonded leather at all . More like `` leatherflex '' -LRB- which I believe is textured paper , made to look like leather -RRB- . More importantly , the binding performs like leatherflex . It does not bend ; it creases . Yesterday after only 90 + days use , the spine SPLIT . I can identify about four additional places that will also split in a matter of weeks . Also , the edges are worn down . I have always wanted a worn-out Bible like Kay Arthur 's or Beth Moore 's , but not this soon . This Bible is in worse shape than the Bibles that I have used extensively for several years.If you are interested in this version , I would recommend purchasing the Heirloom Edition . Granted , it is quite a bit more expensive ; however , a Bible is a lifetime purchase , and the Heirloom comes with a lifetime guarantee .
 After my dog literally ate my last Bible , I was looking for a replacement in the ESV -LRB- my favorite translation -RRB- . When I came across this Bible , I thought `` Great price , I 'll take it ! '' , but I should not have clicked on `` buy now '' . The imitation leather feels terrible and the gold tipped pages also look cheap . If you are looking to give it as a gift , there is no presentation page , or place to mark down important family dates . If , on the other hand , you are looking for an inexpensive Bible that you can give away , this would be a good one to buy . I was looking for a Bible to keep for the long haul , though , so it 's going back to Amazon and I will invest the extra money to have a real leather cover that I know will hold up well over many years .
 This Bible was definitely NOT what I considered large print ; it is the same size as regular newsprint . I could not use it , and will be sending it back . I finally ordered one through a local bookstore , after some research - apparently there are no standards qualifying what ` large print ' is.I ultimately purchased one touted as ` GIANT LARGE PRINT ' , which is still not as large as the print in the LP books you rent at the library , but at least my Mom can read it OK .
 I recently recieved my wide margins edition of the ESV . Unfortunatley , it has double columns which makes it impossible to take effective notes on the inside column , which is the only reason people buy wide margin versions in the first place.Otherwise , it is a good bible , good translation . I like the cover and will would preaching from it if it was single column .
 While the English is good , it strays highly from the original texts of Greek and Hebrew.It still attributes the Gospels and some of the letters to falsely assumed authors , when these are mostly anonymously written . The two genealogies still do n't match up , though I know that changing the text to match would be forgery . The Genesis account claims people lived to be 500 , even 900 + , years old . There are talking snakes , donkeys , and 7-horned beasts . Each resurrection story differs on who is actually at the grave . Mark still includes a resurrection story , when the oldest of original texts do not include it . The supposed letters of Paul differ on theology
 I HAD TO RETURN MINE DUE TO INACCURATE DESCRIPTION6 .2 IS UNREADABLE FOR ME
 Shoddy . Cheap . Glue-bound . Spine-cracking . Short ribbon marker . Junk . But , inside this inferior piece of work lies one of the finest English translations of the last fifty years . However !! Customers be aware !
 Break out your magnifying glass when you read this Bible . The print is tiny and the patges are thin so that the next page shows through . This compact version is a bit too compact . It 's fine for readers with healthy eyes under age 40 , yet the pages seem fragile and I question how well this version holds up with prolonged use . Back to the order page for me . I need to find one that I can read easily and that will last for the remainder of my life .
 I really expected better from Crossway . I even wrote to them and asked what is going on . This so called `` Premium '' Bible is not Premium at all . If you have ever had one of their TruTone covers before , they are very smooth and bendable . This is not that kind of cover . They said in their email message back to me , that it was their Hard Cover TruTone . What they mean is , it is cardboard . This is the kind of cover you get on the cheap `` gift '' bibles at Walmart . Now the inside is awesome . The font is readable , the new additions from the ESV Study Bible -LRB- book introductions , maps and illustrations , and paper -RRB- are very good BUT ... the cover is very poor and will not stay open and when you close it like one reviewer said , it will not stay closed but flips up like a cheap bible . If you are looking for the kind of TruTone covers on the other thinlines , then do not get this . I am torn as I like the inside and updates but the cover is just trash . Sorry ESV but just speaking the truth . If I was in a store and looked at it , I would have put it back .
 I love the single column verse format layout of this Bible . For many years I used the NASB in a single column format and I 've grown quite fond of it.Unfortunately , this one is published by Crossway . It is glue bound and if you 've used Crossway Bibles in the past , you know they are good for about a year of moderate use before the pages begin falling out . I would be fine with that just to have the ESV in a single column format . But , the paper is so thin on this one that I find it unusable . Looking at the page , the impression is that there are actually three pages vying for my attention . It 's just too distracting to consider using it.Compare this bible to Foundation Publication 's Side Column Reference edition in the NASB . The NASB is about $ 15 less -LRB- MSRP -RRB- than this bible in the hardback . For $ 15 less you get a smyth-sewn binding , lovely layout , and high-quality bible paper that stands up well to note-taking with very little bleedthrough . The only thing you do n't get is the ESV , and that is what I would prefer .
 This is a review of the ESV Compact TruGrip Orange Bible , ISBN 1581346875 . PROSThe binding is sewn and not glued so this bible lays completely flat and should stand up to some abuse . The rubber cover seems very durable and looks to withstand much use . The silver ribbon -LRB- marker -RRB- is attached well , is long and wide enough , and of quality material . The page layout is two column without cross references , with text notes , and pretty readable . They managed to fit a concordance into the back of this bible , in an even smaller font than the text but still usable in my opinion . The overall dimensions are very compact and handy 4x6x1 inches.CONSThe paper used is as thin as many of the other ESV bibles by Crossway and you can see two pages worth of text underneath the page being viewed . What I ca n't understand is why this bible is thicker than the other compact ESV bibles yet the layout is the same . Perhaps the pages are less prone to tearing by being thicker . The cardboard to which the rubber cover is glued is separating into many layers as the glue pulls the rubber away from the paper . Words of Christ in red ; I 'd prefer an edition with all black text . Uses the original 2001 text and not the updated ESV text released this year.SummaryI love the ESV translation and highly recommend it , just not this particular bible . Crossway got many parts right , but the thin paper combined with rubber cover fails miserably as it is starting to separate after only a few uses . -LSB- edit -RSB- Two months later ; I gave this bible to our youth pastor last month . He loves it and takes it to church every Sunday now . Not my cup of tea but perhaps it deserves more than the two stars I gave it .
 GOOD BOOK -- GOOD COVER , PRINT WAS TOO SMALL FOR ME ... . MORE OF A CHURCH PEW BIBLE . . NOT WHAT I WAS LOOKING FOR . . WOULD RECOMMEND BUT NOT FOR ME
 The Kindle Touch version has been problematic for me . I can find no Table of Contents , and no listing for the all important abbreviation needed for `` this book . '' I appreciate that the download was free , now I know why . Discouraged .
 I bought the ESV Holy Bible -LRB- Contemporary Design -RRB- Paperback version , and it 's very disappointing . Though the cover design is nice , the print is much smaller than I expected , considering the digital previews of inside the book made it look like the print was a good size .
 I bought the ESV single column legacy imitation leather Bible based on the stated font size of 9 points . When I received the Bible I could barely read the text even with reading glasses . I could not read the even smaller footnotes.I measured the capital letters and found them to be 0.090 inch high . According to Wikipedia the current font standard is 1 point = 1/72 inch . That should make a 9 point font 0.125 inch high . Even the old font standard has the 9 point font in the 0.125 inch range.Other than the font the Bible seems to have good quality . Use of the very large margins should allow the publisher to use a full 9 point font without increasing the page count.The Bible was promptly returned .
 Please do n't misunderstand me . I love the ESV translation ; however , this copy was pretty poor . There are a number of places where the ink apears to be smugged , making it difficult to read -- my very reason for buying a large print Bible . I would not have sold this copy as new , commercial quality .
 I do n't know why would someone call it a Large print . It 's a bit larger than a regular , but not what I expected . Returning it .
 I returned it . The print is too hard to see , the cover is too thin , and I did n't like the paper it was printed on .
 THE LARGE PRINT WORDS VERY LIGHT , LIKE ITALICS . NEEDS BOLD PRINT FOR PEOPLE WHO NEED LARGE PRINT .
 I was eager to purchase this bible because of other reviews ... The ESV 's language and apparent accuracy was a draw for me . However , when I received this product , I was very dissapointed . The font was TINY and after attempting to read this bible , I felt frustrated and put it down . Not a feeling you want to have during bible study .
 -LRB- This review applies to all editions . -RRB- Choosing a holy book is harder than choosing a romance novel . To help you choose , I will compare this one to another best-seller in this category , the Quran . These are the two holy books that get the most buzz around here.Based on all the marketing hype , I expected these two books would be really different . All readers like one or the other , never both , and they all HATE the other book . However , these two books turned out to be a lot more similar than their marketing led me to expect.For example , to judge from the marketing propaganda , many men choose a holy book based on how many virgins or wives they can have . If you are one of these men , you might think the Quran is the obvious choice for you . Not so ! Buyers of the Bible can have lots of virgins too , and also multiple wives and plenty of sex slaves -LRB- called concubines in these holy books , which have their own special code words for dirty stuff -RRB- . Abraham , a main character in this book -LRB- and also , coincidentally , in the Quran -RRB- , had children with several concubines and a slave girl , while he was married to another woman . Lot even had children with his own two virgin daughters ! No prudes here ! Jacob , father of the twelve tribes at the center of the Bible plot , had two wives and two concubines at the same time . Solomon , another of the book 's heroes , had seven hundred wives and three hundred concubines . Virgins are hot property in this book just like in the Quran . That 's why the main character , Yahweh , always orders his followers to collect virgins after committing genocide . -LRB- One time they collected 32000 Midianite virgins ! -RRB- I have n't done a virgin-by-virgin count , but my impression is that this book 's virgin count is right up there with the Quran 's . It 's tough to keep women under control , so if you are a man , it pays to buy a holy book that puts the fear of god in your wives and lovers . Again , men might think the Quran is the clear choice here . It is full of instructions for stoning rape victims and non-virgin brides , and for beating wives . The Bible PR team thinks this would hurt US sales , so they like to give the impression that the Bible is different on this score . However , it turns out that the Bible says pretty much the same thing : `` If ... the tokens of virginity be not found for the damsel
 I bought this book expecting an epic tale of a struggle between good and evil . What I got was evil vs. more evil . The good guy slaughters most of the known world and -LRB- spoiler alert -RRB- the plot twists make star wars look believable . Re-reading Tolkien would be a much better time .
 Responsible for hate , bigotry , and false beliefs for thousands of years . It is literally nothing more than a giant fantasy book for adults . If you believe in fairy tales and santa , you 'll believe this too .
 I did n't buy this exact book , but I had one similar to it . Would not read again . Very violent , contains incest , beastiality , murder , horrible things that should n't be so available to everyone immediately . Promised salvation , so I thought a tv would be okay , but did n't deliver . As far as I can tell , this is just firelighter paper . Do n't recommend .
 I wanted to start reading this because of all the good reviews , but it was terrible . The name of the author is not put there . One dimensional characters , no plot , contradicts itself over , and over . This god character makes no sense . Contradicts modern science . It 's just terrible , it promotes genocide , slavery , killing , killing , and more killing , hate , and bigotry . It 's a waste of 10 dollars that you could otherwise be buying a better book .
 It 's a really boring book , I am sure you can do something better with your time.I guess I am not into Christian Mythology ... but well , for some this might be the best book ever
 The book is too long and contains some unnecessary kill-crazy parts . Certainly good for historical reference but I would n't reccomend this as a source of spiritual or even moral inspiration .
 I am an adult . This book was not for me . It is a story of a fairly-typical reluctant hero . The main character is serious , but juvenille . Young teen readers may find this book attractive , but for other adult readers
 with the addition of carol berg 's books i was hoping that amazon was finally reccommending stuff for me that i would like , but lady of gil turned out to be a real disappointment . it is extremely plot driven , whereas i prefer character driven work . in addition , the characters are unbelievable and the plot cheesy . the author seems entranced with her own cleverness , and i did n't think she was very clever . figures with authority have titles like `` primate '' . there is no reason to feel fear or care about the characters and i put the book down before finishing .
 Having admired Connell 's famous short story `` The MOst Dangerous Game '' which told of a crzed hunter named Zaroff who lived on a deserted island and spent his time hunting humans , I had great expectations for this work . However , the stories in here do not measure up to Connell 's most famous story , i.e. `` The Most Dangerous Game , and I would advise that unless you are a die-hard Connell fan or have an interest in short stories written during the 1920 's and 1930 's , you bypass this work and reread `` The Most Dangerous Game . ''
 I 'm sorry to say I read about half of it until I gave up and skipped to the end and partially read the last chapter.I dont know what it was about the book that just did n't keep me hooked . Thankfully I got it from the library so it did n't cost me anything.Hopefully Sigaloff 's next book will entertain me more .
 This was a required reading for a college class for grandson . Not the type of book he really enjoys reading on a regular day .
 This is a hard book to figure . It 's so simple and poorly written it would seem to be for slow readers or middle schoolers , yet the filthy language makes its questionable for unsophisticated readers.There is a huge problem with the narration . Mr. Thomas is writing 10 years after the story ends , when he is supposedly a changed and more educated man , but throughout the story reverts to his uneducated gangland Spanish , I guess to keep it real . Throughout , he is incredibly violent , thoughtless , race obsessed , and self absorbed . Yet he offers no apologies to the family members or innocent bystanders he 's hurt . He refers to his illegitimate son , but never gets back to him . Ironically , his family tried to better the situation by moving out to Long Island , but he ran back the world of crime and poverty , supposedly because two white kids said something that hurt his feelings.Apparently in prison , and afterward , he dabbled in religion to help get himself straight , yet he makes no clear statement of what his new beliefs are . In one troubling scene he counsels with a black Muslim inmate who constantly refers to whites as devils . In the end , he does not convert to Islam , but seems to have no problem with this form of racism . The story ends with him tempted to share heroin with a junky and barely pulling himself away . This hardly shows him to be a changed man , and we have no idea what 's happened since . He constantly refers to Trina , his love interest , but never gives us any feeling for what sets her apart . He mentions she 's pretty , but he 's apparently not motivated by lust , since he bangs other women throughout while saving her for marriage . Despite his constant mention of her , we really know nothing about her.In the afterword , written in 1997 , 68 year Mr. Thomas seems to have learned nothing , blaming the problems of the inner city on racism and the Clinton era welfare reforms . Naturally , there 's no mention of single parent families , welfare dependency , radical Islam , or the Balkanization of the American identity as having anything to do with the continued miseries . Guess he knows politically where his bread gets buttered.It 's not a bad read , but it has no educational value and does not belong in a school curriculum .
 I would not recommend `` Space Aliens Took Me To Their Planet '' to those who disbelieve that the earth is being visited by spaceships -LRB- piloted by god-like people -RRB- because this book depicts such an encounter that took place in 1973 in France . ======= The book 's emphasis is upon the alien 's extensive message concerning mankind 's origins , mankind 's religions , mankind 's future , etc. ======= If I were to only judge the insights that this book provides into the awesome technology and power exhibited by aliens , a well as the awesome influence that aliens can wield upon human beings , I would have to give the highest rating available -LRB- five stars -RRB- . However , I will only give this book one star because another book , entitled `` The Sacred And The Profane '' , written by Desiree Ntolo -LRB- published in 2008 and available from Amazon.com -RRB- , exposes the dangerously evil intentions that form the basis of the alien 's message .
 At first I was blown away by Tideland and the protagonist Jeliza-Rose , with no one for company but various pieces of Barbie dolls picked up in a 5 / $ 1 bin at the thrift store , running wild in the wilds of rural Texas . I was enchanted by the Southern Gothic flavor , by Jeliza-Rose 's voice -- at once childish and yet overly mature for her age -- and by Cullins ' descriptions that had me right there , running beside Jeliza-Rose watching the lightening bugs and worrying about bog men.But then he lost me.He took the grotesque element of Southern Gothic to the maximum ; it was as if he set out to add anything that might possibly be appalling or unappealing or just plain , well , grotesque without making it really fit the plot , throwing it in willy-nilly just for the shock factor.Now , I 'm sure that 's not the case , but unlike other Southern Gothic authors -LRB- Flannery O'Conner springs to mind -RRB- who are making a point with their grotesque and unappealing characters and situations , in Tideland , they were just there . It went from a book that , in the first couple of chapters , I was certain would be a 5 star favorite , to being a barely acceptable `` okay '' by the time I finished slogging through it .
 I 've now read this book three times . Unfortunately , each time I read it , I get more frustrated . As a starting point , Mr Billinghurt 's book is poorly edited . It is full of spelling mistakes , and has no index.The information contained with it , is duplicated several times through the book , making it at least 60 % longer than what it should be.Probably the worst thing about the book is Mr Billinghurst has wrongly classifed dogs as omnivores , when indeed , dogs are carnivores . His approach to feeding , consequently , is fundamentally flawed . In this book he promotes feeding grains , fruits , brewer 's yeast , and vegetables - none of which are appropriate to feed a dog.At no stage through the book , does the author refer to scientific studies . Such studies abound , and the average dog person , who is invariably very confused as to what they should feed their dogs , feel frustrated that Mr Billinghurst has been unable to substantiate his claims.While Mr Billinghurst is heading towards the right track - ie
 `` Democracy Must Work '' by Zbigniew Brzezinski -LRB- President Carter 's National Security Adviser -RRB- and friends is scary.What the title means is that since the Trilateralists were not at that time able to impose their agenda , they had to use the democracies that were in place.Commitment to democracy is totally lacking , much less appreciation for a limited republic . The book suggests that the necessary choices will be unpopular . `` When the Trilateral Commission was founded in 1973 ... the American right saw the Commission 's internationalist outlook as a threat to the assertion of America 's nationhood . '' No sh_t ! The Trilateralists are for a global world system , increased interdependence , world economic development and integration.So , what do Trilateralists suggest ? * Diluting the force of nationalism * Protectionism is out * Handouts for less developed countries * More education expense , less opportunity to earn money , frequent job changes to eat up your savings , low pay and benefit service jobs , and and a lowering of middle-class entitlements like social security.The solution to everything is an ill-defined globalism . They recognize all sorts of serious problems , but the solutions are all double-talk . `` We like human rights , but we also like efficient government power . We need to commit to peacekeeping , but the deficit is too high . We like social entitlements , but the deficit is too high . We like the environment , but we also like nuclear power . `` Maybe everything is a smokescreen except an effort to make business easier for multinationals and the international bankers and provide full employment for think-tanker whor_s . It 's a massive sellout of the US , and Carter , Ford , Bush , and Clinton were all in the Trilateralist camp . We do n't like Bush and NAFTA , so we get Clinton and NAFTA . We do n't like Bush and the Gulf War , so we get Clinton and Bosnia . And the Gulf war.NOTE
 This book is a mess of every conspiracy under the sun . It was proven false by Budiansky and MANY others . THE KEY documents that CONSPIRACY theorists -LRB- like Willey -RRB- told us the government was keeping SECRET were DECLASSIFIED in 1998 and 1999 and are at the National Archives at College Park . They state that as of December 1 , 1941 , only 10 percent of the code groups and 5 percent of the additive groups had been recovered in AN-1 -LRB- aka JN-25B -RRB- . Also a report by OP-20-G on decrypts produced in various Japanese code systems for each month of 1941 reports the number of decrypts in JN-25 as `` none '' Futhermore a complete internal history of the solution of JN-25 , was written at the end of WWII . This document , which provides great cryptologic detail , explains how JN-25 was broken during each period . It fully confirms the testimony of the USN personnel involved . By the time of the Pearl Harbor attack , no JN-25 message had been read for intelligence value.I 'd also like to say that ALL of the Japanese officers involved including , Abe , Chigusa , Fuchida , Fujita , Genda , Goto , Ishiguro , Kusaka , Maki , Matsumoto and Yoshioka all maintain radio silence was strictly observed . Fuses were removed from the transmitters and the transmitter keys were disabled . Read -LRB- `` The Pearl Harbor Papers '' -RRB- It was NOT possible ! Willey , it seems will not engage in defending his work . More that likely he knows that it is outdated .
 Its a shame this book fails in its promise to expose a conspiracy but it makes for some good fiction . The author seems to feel that FDR was a communist and the reason he allowed Pearl Harbor to be attacked is to spread communisim around the world.I was left confused and bewilderd by Mr. Willey 's arguments as most of the evidence presented was taken out of order or mixed and matched to fit his argument .
 Mark 's book simply fuels the fantasy world of conspiracy `` fans '' . He routinely takes quotes out of context , ignores inconvenient facts and distorts information to promote his own program , that of hate for FDR . Compare this book with Gordon Prange 's works . It 's easy to tell which person did the work and gives a rational view of the events surrounding this sad day in US history . If you want to see where Wiley has distorted the original information , check out www.ibiblio.org/pha , where thousands of pages of text await the person who does n't want to be lead by the nose .
 -LRB- from a seller 's review -RRB-
 This book is a poster child for the classic gibberish math book , replete with cloudy phrasing and examples that match the problems maybe 2/3 of the time , and fail you when you really need guidance . Very little plain English , but instead lots of conclusory assertions paired with rattling off of terms that might make the Math Club all giddy , but that leave you scratching your head at what the heck they just told you . Only when you do a few problems do you realize , oh , -LSB- point that could have been made much more clearly -RSB- , is what they were saying ! Truly , a horrible book , one that has inspired me to volunteer for my school district 's textbook selection committee . One comment above made a particularly excellent point
 Well , im not really here to review the book , you see it is extremely difficult to an 8th grader , such as i , and it is very confusing , giving poor examples and stuff . my math teacher just gave me this really hard asignment , and i was loking online for answers , and i wound up here , so , i dunno , stay away from this book . AND AUTHOR , IF YOU ARE OUT THERE , PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE MAKE AN ONLINE ANSWER KEY , I CANT FIGURE THiS STUFF OUT ! oh , yah and author , i hate your book
 There are too few examples in this book . And the examples that are present are for the easiest problems only . Each section 's problems are divied up into A -LRB- easiest -RRB- , B -LRB- harder -RRB- , and C -LRB- hardest -RRB- . That 's fine , but they give examples and explanations for A-level problems only .
 I purchased this book because a student is using it in his parochial school . The young teacher seems to be trying to teach with the instruments and style with which he was taught . I see much better recently updated textbooks . This reminded me of why students have questioned &#34; why do I have to learn this stuff anyway . &#34; There is too much early emphasis on linguistic models and computationally trickery which actually suits later concepts . Other books I use have a more modern focus on functions and applications .
 I 've been going through this book page by page for the last seven months with my child -LRB- who is a straight A student -RRB- and we both find this book to be very short on explanations . IF you 're using this book just for practice problems in conjunction with classroom teaching , then the textbook would be fine . I find that there is very little in the way of explanations , and what explanations of concepts that is present , is very brief and less than clear . The book does have a lot of practice problems -LRB- 1/2 of which have the answer in the back -RRB- .
 I have always been a great student in math . Yet , when I got this book I could n't understand any of it . They do n't show how to do the problems step-by-step . If I missed one day of school , I 'd be lost and up to midnight trying to figure out the lesson . Overall , this book just confused me . It 's very well organized , and shows some examples . Yet , the examples do n't quite help you wiht the problem you 're having a hard time with .
 When I recieved this book from my school , I thought it would explain everything step by step . But to my conclusion , I barely understood it . When the textbook does ` nt explain things good , how is the student supposed to understand it ? I do not reccomend this book . But I do recccomend Algebra 1 Concepts and Skills .
 To correct the previous reviewer - Wilson did not think separation of power did n't exist , but that in reality they should n't exist . If you favor a historicist government unlimited in size and scope , and reject the universal truths espoused in the Declaration of Independence , then this is your book and Wilson is your man .
 I made it about half way through it.It reminded me of a dog chasing itsown tail , , , , , , and never catching it.The book was interesting for about 100pages , then , it all started to sound the same.And the cast of characters ????? Who could keep trackof them all !!!!
 Although meant to be an introduction to Relativity , this book is hard to read right from the start . The formalism used throughout the entire book makes it hard for you to gain the courage to try to master Relativity in a technical depth.It lacks a light introduction to the basic concepts of Relativity -LRB- without math -RRB- , to use as the foundation from which to build the rest of the book . Not the best way for someone to start on Relativity ...
 I read Taipan and Shogun as a teenager and I really loved the books . Great plots and it was really wonderful to be able to read such fascinating stories about China and Japan . I 've recently read through C 's books again , and the stories and the different non-Chinese characters are still great . However , the magic feeling of reading about the Orient is sadly no longer there . I 've lived for well over a decade in China , and it is depressing to suddently realize how truly little C actually seems to have understood about the country , the people , the history or even the Chinese language . No Chinese characters are at all believable in the book under review , and pretty much none of the Chinese dialoges found in the book would -LRB- or could -RRB- ever occur in real life . Chinese -LRB- men or women -RRB- do not talk openly about sex the way they constantly do in the books , nor would any Chinese use the extremely foul language that C uses in most of their dialoges . Chinese do not all secretly look down upon foreigners as uncivilized `` devils '' . C portrays the Chinese as sex-obsessed but without love -LRB- hence C 's absurd notion that the Chinese language has no word for love -RRB- . No love = no strings attached ; sex is just for fun and British sin or shame does not exist in the exotic Orient . The young Chinese women exist simply to `` pleasure the steaming stalks '' of both fellow Chinese and middle-aged European expats . This portrayal -LRB- which is mirrored in C 's books on Japan , where the Japanese coincidentally also are supposed to lack a word for `` love '' -RRB- is clearly a reflection of C 's own fantasies about the Orient , and has nothing to do with reality.Still , the books ARE entertaining . The stories and the absurd dialoges ARE fun to read . Just do n't expect to learn anything about China or Japan from any of C 's books ...
 I guess I 'll have to be a wet blanket and say - I could n't finish it . I made it about half-way through and just could n't keep all the characters straight and trying to understand the international banking and trading was more like a chore than a reading pleasure . I was also tired of listening to all the obscene and elaborate ways the Chinese characters talked about the `` filthy , dung-eating , uncivilized foreign barbarians '' - and that 's mild compared to most of the racist insults ! And it seems like every single male character , upon seeing Casey for the first time , thought `` Ah , I would certainly like to possess/bed/pillow that one ! '' Another complaint
 I just finished this book , and I am hugely disappointed . The book could have been condensed down to a third of it 's current form . There are ramblings that go on for pages that repeat information that just felt like page fillers . It seems like no editing had been done for this book . Clavell tortures us with poor writing , shallow characters , and caricaturization of all Chinese characters and especially completely distorted view and depiction of all women in the book . Perhaps Mr. Clavell suffered from seeing all women as virgins or whores . A total waste of time .
 I read this book many years ago , and thought it was terrible . Looking through the reviews just now , I could n't believe how overwhelmingly positive they were , and just had to put in a word for those of us -LRB- and I assume/hope there are others -RRB- who did n't like the book.The book is ludicrously long , and meanders through way too many red herrings , dead ends , and nonsequitirs . There are any number of sub-plots that appear out of nowhwere , go nowhere , never pay off , and leave you wondering why you had to take the time to read through them at all.The sub-plots , though , are nothing like as much of a problem as the main plot itself . It 's a very uninspiring story about a business deal . Will person A get the contract , or will person B ? A business deal ? Who cares?SPOILER ALERT : And then , after sitting through thousands of pages boringly building up to the big deal , at the end one of the characters randomly dies , and the whole thing just peters out . No climax , no drama , nothing.I also respectfully disagree with the reviewers who praised the characters . I found that Clavell has a bad habit of making his characters too perfect , carried out too far in this book . All of the major characters are the greatest golfer and an olympic diver and the greatest gourmet and a brilliant business person and so on and so on . These are not real people , they 're supermen who I could n't relate to at all.It 's boring , it 's long , it 's badly written . I was particularly disappointed because I loved Shogun and liked Tai-pan and King Rat . But after this one , I 've never read another Clavell book , and I do n't think I will .
 After reading the previous four novels of Clavell 's Asian Saga , I was very disappointed in Noble House . Shogun , Tai-Pan , King Rat , and Gai-Jin were absolutely fantastic ; exciting with a lot of action and colorful characters . The characters in Noble House are excellent , but the constant detailed diatribe about the finances of taking over the Noble House was way overdone and constantly repeated . I 'm amazed that Clavell wrote this book because all the hashing about money consistently stopped the ACTION of the story . The first thing a writer learns is to keep the action going . I found most of this book as boring as watching paint dry . The plot lines about espionage were good and Clavell should have expanded that story line and cut out the constant rehashing of the bank 's problems and Casey 's `` drop dead '' money . Like , we got the point .
 I like James Clavell . I liked `` King Rat '' very much , and later I enjoyed both `` Shogun '' and `` Tai-Pan '' . So why did I find this book so dull , so boring , in fact , that I did n't finish it ? The characters are uninteresting , the events trivial , the politics weird . The book 's understanding of business and business practice is naive . Really , it could have been ghost-written by Harold Robbins . And the depictions of modern Chinese are not quaint and amusing , as in the distant world of `` Tai-Pan '' , but racist .
 I 'm a big fan of Shogun -LRB- 41/2 stars -RRB- and Tai-Pan -LRB- 4 stars -RRB- and expected much of the same here . But after 450 pages I gave up . Plot , subplot , sub-subplot , sub-sub-subplot , scores of characters . I got tired of starting another chapter with a new plot angle , when I was ready for development and resolution of what came before.This book picks up with the Straun/Brock rivalry from Tai-Pan after an interval of 120 years . I wanted that history filled-in -LRB- including the remaining three coins -RRB- , but there was little of that in what I read.The writing is still good and I may have been impatient to quit after only a third of the book , but I had to move on to something more satisfying .
 I am not sure why , or how , so many typographical errors crept into the Kindle edition . For some examples , many words , lines , or parts of whole pages appear in bold type or italics in the Kindle edition but are not that way in the printed edition . There are also missing quotation marks , especially the end-quote marks . There are misplaced lines , apparently due to missing carriage returns . I enjoyed the story but the print flaws are just annoying . Please , Amazon , if you are going to charge so much for these electronic books , put a little quality into the product .
 I found the characters amusing for a while , but after it just slowly grinds on and on for page after page I started to just wish they would die.I ca n't believe this relatively simple story takes so long to tell . Worse than that it is padded with repetition , so it is n't a huge painting with a small and interesting subject , it 's a lot of nothing much with some minor relief to the boredom.And then in five minutes it 's all sorted out . The main character does the obvious thing , which would probably make anyone else a pariah . Everything before and after those five minutes hardly matters . Even the disasters do n't really matter to the story . Though they do matter to the characters .
 ordered vol 2 got vol one if they didnt know the difference the should have sayed it was that they had a lot of vol ones and were really trying to get rid of them and had only one vol 2
 My 4 year old daughter is in love with bugs and so I went looking for books on the subject . We have a couple other Big Books and they are great but this one was a bit too exotic and the backyard variety of bugs was missing . My daughter wanted to see the common bugs she sees everyday . It was a disapointment for both of us .
 The title is deceptive . It is a children 's book with very large pictures of very few insects . I wanted a book with more info than it contains .
 I ordered this book for a friend 's son 's birthday . I have tried to find out why they have n't gotten it and they say it is still in transit ... I ca n't get a straight answer from anybody .
 I am very disappointed . This is certainly not what I expected . The movie based on `` China Cry '' recently played on TBN and I wanted to read the book . This was a 6X4 paperback , 60 pages and 3 additional pages of old black and white photos.I expected to receive a full size book . For anyone who is considering buying this book , I advise you to keep looking at the books offered by other sellers or go to a book store or public library . I will be much more careful in reading the full description before I place any other orders .
 To me this story is baloney to begin with but if you believe in miracles you may enjoy it .
 I CAN NOT RECOMMEND THIS BOOK . Our family does n't know the veracity of the other accounts narrated , but in the case of my relative , there are some inaccuracies and speculations in the text . Eyewitnesses to the accident have been available both for the initial publication and subsequent re-printings of this book ; however , to our knowledge , no one has ever been contacted to provide first-hand information . Even at this date -LRB- 2012 -RRB- one eyewitness of the accident is still alive . Our family -LRB- who lives a couple of hours away from Yellowstone National Park so is in fairly close proximity to be interviewed -RRB- is unaware of any attempts by the author to seek out all details and provide completely researched information on what occurred.Additionally , I ca n't find any indication that the author researched nor took into account official U.S. publications with well-documented descriptions of the terrain and other features of the accident site that existed prior to the 1959 earthquake in Yellowstone . It is also possible some medical records may be available from Mammoth Hospital -LRB- now called Mammoth Clinic -RRB- to more completely narrate what contributed to my relative 's injuries.Based on incomplete research and speculation in the text , I would n't be able to recommend this book as being completely factual with any level of valid scholarly research .
 While the content of the book was interesting , the actual writing to deliver the content was cringe worthy and unbearable . I felt as if I was reading a report written by a C + average 4th grader at times . I realize the level of detail necessary to draw out the story behind some of the deaths was not and could not be gotten , but the book reads like a laundry list for extended sections . While I did learn from the unfortunate mistakes and accidents of others by way of this book , I simply can not recommend this book for any entertainment value you may be seeking from a well constructed series of sentences and/or paragraphs .
 I found the beginning to be very repetitive and boring . I really figured I would like this book . But I read about 1/3 of it and stopped . I guess all the deaths in the hot springs are pretty similar how they happen and what happens to the people ... . but it was just getting old after the 10th or 20th similar story .
 This book seemed so interesting on the shelf ... but it was n't . Instead of telling good stories - the author just chronicles the `` stupid '' deaths in Yellowstone National Park over the years . Yes , some of these are truly astonishing , but most of them are rather unremarkable.Whittlesey loses his way and the book becomes merely a listing of the deaths . It is so exhaustive that he fails to ever go anywhere with his material.If you are looking for a comprehensive listing of foolhardy deaths in a National Park with no overarching narrative , that reads like a dictionary at times , then you 've found it . Enjoy .
 This pales after you 've read OVER THE EDGE
 This is what I wish I had known about this book before reading it to my children
 I am a 13-year old girl -LRB- I really am 13 , I just didnt understand the adult reveiw system -RRB- re-doiecorating my room , and I needed a book for ideas . I ordered this book expecting many different styles and ideas for rooms , but I was very disapointed . There are only eight different rooms , and I feel that they were all very much out-dated . I wanted something hip and current -LRB- like most teens want -RRB- , but that book really wasnt that at all .
 I do not think that this book had a lot of crafts that many teens would like . One of the rooms was so childish and colorful that I could not imagine many teens wanting . There were a couple ideas that were okay , like table covers and lamps , but not a lot of the crafts were things i would imagine a lot of teens wanting . The title is also misleading - it 's not really a big book of teen rooms - it 's a small book of out-dated pre-teen rooms .
 The paragraphs in between and explaining the works were pedantic and had several errors . I would recommend simply finding all the the individual works from free sources . They are published free on the internet and available from libraries .
 I am currently using this item for my introductory Emglish Literature I course . For Beowulf , they spelled Wealtheow and Edgetheow wrong . And look at the Canterbury Tales , they only have the modern English text for the general prologue , where is the modern english text for the miller 's tale , wife of bath 's tale , pardoner 's tale , nun priest 's tale , and the parson 's tale ? The text in the Canterbury Tales is a little harder to understand without the Modern English translation . Even through this textbook has 624 pages , as soon as I finish my English Literature I course , I am going to sell the text because there are too many mistakes on it and I might plan to buy the Norton version instead with the money , it looks better anyway and it has higher ratings than this text .
 `` Pagen '' -LSB- sic -RSB- is misspelled in the Beowulf introduction . Henry II is described in the introduction as having ruled from 1154 to 1177 , when in actuality , he ruled until his death in 1189 . The more I read , the less I trust what I 'm reading . I recommend M. H. Abrams ' Norton anthology instead .
 I 'm not a huge fan of Medieval literature , and perhaps this book is to blame . I think I 've been spoiled by the Norton and Bevington anthologies I 've used in other classes , because this was truly a let-down . If you 're a prof looking for a good book to use for class , have your students spend the extra twenty-spot and get a Norton .
 I quite liked Alan Lakein 's book , and got a lot of mileage out of it . However , I found his systems a little too simple to deal with the reality of my daily life . I 'm in the middle of * Getting Things Done '' by David Allen , and I find that it 's much more real world . It also holds your hand a little more -LRB- e.g. , step-by-step instructions on how to quickly get to the bottom of your inbox -RRB- . If you -LRB- like me -RRB- are out of time and need to get organized , skip straight past Lakein and go directly to Allen .
 ` Cheap and cheerful ' is how I 'd describe this book . Which means there are better , and more up to date , ideas around on how you can manage time and life . I found the ideas dated and the author 's style prescriptive.Much better value , highly practical , and with some innovative ideas , is Mark Forster 's Get Everything Done -LRB- And Still Have Time To Play -RRB- .
 I found this book to be very outdated , especially in reference to women . The modern household and the roles of women in the workplace have changed dramatically in the decades since Lakein wrote this book . The men in my class LOVED the book , but we women found it to be irrelevant and , quite frankly , patronizing to women . To follow his extensive steps consistently in prioritizing life 's responsibilities would take more time than actually DOING those things . Ladies , there has to be a better , more timely volume of advice out there for us on this subject . Mr. Lakein , I believe it 's time for a revision .
 i found this book accidentally and immediately lost it on purpose . heres my take
 PROS
 More raw meat for the dopes , as the genuflecting huzzahs from the troops above demonstrate.The only good thing about it is it combines in one volume nearly all the salient features of a right-wing corporate handout.It starts off with a lie - that the CMPA is nonpartisan - it 's yet another in the stable of Olin/Scaiffe/Bradley funded `` think-tanks '' used to attack science , regulation , and public health.One chapter uses cherry-picking , all of them use weasel words , and most use debauched and invalid statistics.Meanwhile , it tromps heavily on the themes Thomas Frank mentioned in What 's the Matter with Kansas - an appeal to you , the common man right-wing crank who 's just as good as any pinko academic scientist any day!Oh . It has n't aged very well , has it ?
 This book is not riddled with factual errors , but information is presented in an extrememly misleading way . For instance , in its treatment of climate change , a long section -LRB- pp. 49-52 -RRB- criticizes the media for reporting a story on the northward range shift of a California butterfly . `` One swallow does not a summer make , '' the authors state , and argue that the media should not jump on a story like this in association with climate change because it reports information from just one butterfly species . This sounds reasonable , but there is a problem.The book ignores a study that was published only a year after the original butterfly report , in 1999 , by the same author in the same journal . This second study reported that in a total of 35 butterfly species examined , 63 % showed a poleward shift -LRB- indicative of climate change -RRB- while only 3 % shifted toward the equator . -LRB- Parmesan , C , N et al. . Poleward shift of butterfly species ? ranges associated with regional warming . Nature 399:579 -583 -RRB- Since this study was published 3 years before my 2002 edition of `` It Ai n't Necessarily So '' these authors have had ample time to update their discussion of this issue . That they have not would indicate that they are incompetent , inattentive , or biased , none of which flatters their overall reliability.In a wider sense , the butterfly range shift is one of the most innocuous issues the media could have possibly addressed regarding climate change . As a instructor in environmental science at the University of California , I am well-read in both the primary scientific literature on climate change and the media 's coverage of climate change , and overall I 'd argue that the media has failed to raise sufficient awareness regarding the dangers of climate change , which by any scientific consensus will dominate human affairs in a very detrimental way for years to come.The butterfly example is symptomatic of most of the book . A political agenda is suggested instead of mere incompetence by the authors ' affiliations . One author , Joel Schwartz , is a fellow at the Hudson Institute , which PR Watch ... says has an `` agenda of -LRB- its -RRB- own
 This book might be a lot more interesting , if its selection of case studies were n't so biased and if it actually dug a little deeper into the individual cases . Almost all the cases the authors have selected are examples of the `` liberal news media '' misinterpreting or exaggerating the results of scientific and sociological studies.But in general the authors do n't actually show that the media 's interpretation is in fact wrong , they just try to cast doubt on it or they argue that a particular problem might not be as bad as the media would make one believe . I do n't recall a single example where the authors actually show convincingly that an alternative - and in all likelihood politically conservative - view is correct , although that is clearly what the authors are trying to imply.I ca n't help feeling that the authors were n't honest about their intentions . If they have a conservative world view and they want to show that their view is correct and that the view presented by the allegedly liberal media is wrong , then they should say so and set out to prove it . If the book truly were a neutral analysis of the accuracy of news reports , then it would have to contain examples of outrageously inaccurate reports in the right-wing media P > Readers interested in a conservative examination of environmentalist and other claims might be better served by a book like `` Apocalypse Not '' .
 The premise of their book is a good one
 Lots of interesting examples but too many of them seem to come from a right-wing perspective . Also the book , which is humorless , reminds me of other better-done accounts of the same areas . The lessons of the book should be applied to the book itself . It does n't fare well if this is done .
 Under the guise of an objective look at media practices , what we have here is a right-wing tract designed to undermine
 This is a review that I hate writing . I own many , many of the books and magazines published by Taunton Press , and have been almost unfailingly pleased . I own all of the `` Outstanding Projects from ... '' books in the series that they have published and have been very impressed with the quality of , and the wealth of information contained in , `` Beds , '' `` Desks , '' `` Tables , '' etc. . Unfortunately , `` Chests of Drawers '' falls well short of its siblings , for the following reasons :1 -RRB- Fewer projects . With the exception of `` Desks , '' which also has seven projects , the other books have from 8 to 11 projects each . This is n't a huge deal , except for the fact that many of the projects are virtually identical -LRB- see below -RRB- and there is not much coverage of the many design options that a reader could use , going forward , to make his or her own , unique chests of drawers .2 -RRB- Projects advertised on the cover are n't in the book -- a real problem , in my mind . The back cover says `` The projects range from a Shaker four-drawer dresser to a chest-on-frame or chest-on-chest . '' Well , unless I 'm missing something the book does not contain a four-drawer dresser in any style -LRB- although one or two , because they have simple lines , could be seen as Shaker-influenced -RRB- and there is no chest-on-chest at all . -LRB- However , there is a brief , two-sentence reference in the opening chapter on the use of molding to keep a top chest in place on a lower chest . -RRB- There is a Queen Anne-style chest-on-frame , but one out of three advertised projects is a terrible percentage . Perhaps the cover was written before the book was completed ; the author himself admits , in the `` Acknowledgments , '' that he wrote this at a very slow pace .3 -RRB- Minimal project variety . Of the seven projects in the book , four are more or less variations on the same theme . With the exception of the above-mentioned Queen Anne , the Pennsylvania Dutch , and the bow-front cover chest , the rest are simple boxes with very little unique detailing or methods
 I consider myself an `` advanced beginner '' as a woodworker . I own Desks , Bookcases , and Beds in this series -LRB- and have completed projects from the latter two -RRB- . Chests of Drawers does not live up to the high standards of these titles for two reasons :1 . Intentional difficulty-It almost seems as though the author tried to come up with the most complex solution to any joinery problem . For example , is there not an easier way to do the joinery for the Contemporary Chest -LRB- a beautiful piece , by the way -RRB- besides making 180 loose tenons and 8 dozen mortises ? The triple dresser is gorgeous but I am not sure that could be made to the same quality outside of the Thomasville factory .2 . Lack of variety-I am sure that many of these projects can be modified but if I wanted to substantially modify them , I would just design something myself -LRB- something I do n't feel comfortable doing yet on a project of this magnitude -RRB- and would n't need the book . The Pennsylvania Dutch chest , though nice -LRB- I mean , I am Pennsylvania Dutch -RRB- probably is n't something that needs to take up space in a book called Chests of Drawers . Something in the Arts and Crafts style would have been nice as well as a true Shaker project . Beyond that , one or two variations of a simple , but well constructed chest would have been helpful.I was disappointed in this book and can not recommend it . I probably would have given it one star , but most of the projects are truly beautiful . I am sure someone can make 'em !
 What 's wrong with this book ? 1 . Most of the projects in the book are for the very experienced craftsman . The projects seemed complicated just to be complicated . I 'm not saying they should be super simple either but I think Taunton missed the mark on these .2 . These projects are for the woodworker who has a full set of power tools in their workshop . I also purchased Tauton 's `` Tables '' book and loved the fact that many of the projects where done with minimal power tools . In this book the concept of `` hand cut dovetails '' are dovetails done with a jigsaw and a router . Way too many expensive jigs , routers , biscuits and pocket joints.Since my next project is a chest of drawers for my son , I was really hoping to find inspiration in this book based on my other purchases of Taunton 's books . Unfortunately I found none in this book . The ultimate test for me is to show my wife projects from books to see which one -LRB- s -RRB- she likes . She also found nothing in this book that we would want to build . Hopefully further book 's released by Taunton can avoid these mistakes and make a book which most woodworkers can enjoy .
 This book has its good points and bad points . I bought because I was really interested in the chest on the front cover . This chest is probably the most difficult project in the book and it has some very good points.But other things are lacking . For example , the author does n't explain how to make the `` stiles '' of the frame -LRB- which are curved in the front plane -RRB- flush with the `` rails '' . This is an important aspect that is simply overlooked.But the most glaring omission is how to finish the piece . The author writes `` Apply a finish of your choice . '' I almost returned the book ! The beauty of the chest is that there are two shades of mahogany . The author completely ignores this . Uggh !! -LRB- I plan to use potassium dichromate to darken the wood where appropriate -- I hope it works . -RRB- Also , I think the author should have given alternative methods for accomplishing the curve on the front . You can make the drawer fronts from thick stock that is curved on the front and flat in back using a bandsaw to make the curve . This eliminates the need for angled dovetails . This method would * greatly * simplify the construction and make it appropriate for intermediate woodworkers.I certainly would tell a beginning woodworker to stay away from this book . I 'd give it a lukewarm recommendation for the intermedate woodworker .
 I am currently in the 6th week of my Java class , and I still do n't know the difference between a class and an object . This book is a waste of space . Nothing seems to be in the right place nothing is explained well at all . Its so bad that even with some other in my class to explain the concept of Java to me I still am not anywhere near where I should be . AVOID THIS BOOK WITH ALL POSSIBLE MEANS .
 examples are broken up and explanations are bland my teacher in this class is learning it with us and she has no clue its uber confusing but the programs compile good with the compiler we use which is blue j and J creater
 This book 's main purpose was to teach the computing concepts using a little bit of Java . Do n't plan on learning enough about the Java language itself to make something useful . I was deceived because I saw the words `` Java 2 '' on the cover in big print . I guess one really ca n't blame the author for it because it does say `` Computing Concepts w / Java2 Essentials . '' It was still a disappointment to me since I wanted to learn Java from this book first . Of course , the price of this book is WAY too much for what it teaches . But if you want to learn just Computing Concepts , go ahead and buy it ... however , I would n't recommend it = P
 This book was bad ... . in organization , setup , explanation , and examples ... . If you want a good java book , LEWIS and LOFTUS is great . I regretfully have to buy BIG JAVA another Horstman great for a class . I sure hope its better than this one !
 The presentation was very dry , but it 's because it 's an academic book . Do n't expect that because it 's Java , a hot IT technology , the book will have a great presentation . Another thing that was frustrating was the way the author smeared problems all over the book and never included solutions to them on the CD - that 's useless to me . Overall , it delivered like any other academic book.If you want a better experience learning Java I recommend Wrox 's Beginning Java 2 SDK 1.4 Edition , by Ivor Horton . You get more pages , better explanations , wider range of topics , better index ... the works . ...
 Interestingly , I attend San Jose State University , and the author of this book is a profesor at this university.To establish my credibility , I 'm quite an experienced programmer . I 've taken quite a few programming classes and have never received anything less than an A.But I 've never touched Java before , and this book totally confuses me . It keeps referencing back and forth different classes/methods with similiar names , and in the end I 'm completely lost.Even at the beginning of this book , it discusses some concepts that just would n't make sense at all to a beginner . I 'm glad this is not my first programming book , or I would n't have any idea what the first chapter is all about.Too bad for me , this is required for my Java course , so I 'm stuck with it . If you 're not required to own this book , AVOID IT .
 There are lots of people dissatisfied with this book , myself included . I really do n't understand how anyone can find this book cohesive , and the little bit of information you get out of it you have to dissect the text for hours to get any meaning from it . This book loves to give you code to use and not tell you what in the world it does , just that you need it . So you use it for chapters then boom , in chapter 9 your finally tells something about it . That is not constructive . The learning process does not work this way . Most of the time the book hardly tells you anything . You can see that certain things must come before others , but not told why and with out being told what the code really does ; its mostly just guessing why . I understand that the goal of the book is to teach programming and not a specific language , but this book does not successfully do that when it does n't tell you what is going on . In my opinion , it confuses you to what is going on and you have to `` unthink '' what you 've learned to actually progress with another book . I gave up completely on the book for my class and turned to outside sources to pass . Most of my classmates have been forced to do the same .
 If you 've read `` The C Programming Language '' and enjoyed the style of its presentation , you 'll likely find this book appalling . The book is neither concise , nor lucid ; you wade your way through endless explaination and come out with little understanding . I 've found the examples and the presentation on Sun 's website to be much easier to understand , simply because they start with a clear example , discuss it a bit , then give the details of each statement -LRB- much like Kernighan 's book -RRB- . Also , some of the code ca n't simply be typed in and compiled . In one section , they fail to mention , either in the text or in the example , that you need to import a certain class . The documentation on Sun 's website is excellent , but that should n't make it acceptable to leave details out of the text.Finally , the price is a total rip-off . I was fortunate enough to get the book used for under $ 20 , but I would feel cheated if I had paid more . A lot of the information can be gotten for free , and that the quality of the free information often exceeds that which is in the book . Sadly , this book seems to fit the `` intro to programming '' niche , and a lot of students will be forced to buy it for those classes , allowing the publisher to get away with the high price .
 This text is a nightmare . Terms are poorly defined , if defined at all , and examples are few and far between . The illustrations are laughable . I 've seen better graphics in nursery books written 30 years ago . If your professor assigns this text , and you 're new to Java , be prepared to shell out more bucks for better sources or cruise the Internet to get the answers you need . This book wo n't provide them .
 This book not about JAVA . It uses JAVA to teach computer concepts . All JAVA explanations and examples very confusing . Author often gives an example , goes through it and declare it wrong in the end , leaving ` right ' stuff without explanation . Buy other better and cheaper books .
 I just started a 1st-year programming course which is taught in Java and uses this book , which has been ported from an earlier text for introductory programming in C. Unfortunately , the examples have not been ported . The book comes with a CD that supplies some classes which can be included in student 's code , so that the C-like examples and assignments will compile and run.Nowhere in the book will you find a mention of applets or running Java in web browsers , where 99.9 % of Java use today takes place . The classes supplied with the book allow students to write programs that operate like command-line Unix programs from 20 years ago , and only interact with the user through the debugger 's console window . When was the last time a Java program from a website asked you to type three numbers and press return?From the point of view of the professor and TAs , this book may be ideal . The twisted pseudo-code submitted by their students for marking will look just like the same old C source code that they have been marking for years . From the point of view of students entering the real world at some point , things could get ugly . I can picture a student 's first day in a co-op placement . `` Java ? Sure I can program Java , just let me install these third-party classes so my pseudo-code will compile , then I 'll get started writing programs that no-one but me and Cay Horstmann will understand , and will probably break with the next update of the Java JDK . `` To my professor 's credit , she has been pointing out these problems with the book , and has forbade anyone to install the classes , or the demo Microsoft development environment that comes with it . I think that she should take the next logical step , and replace this turkey . Luckily for me , I already learned Java from `` Learn Java on the Macintosh '' by Barry Boone & Dave Mark . I suggest you do the same .
 i put alot of time and effort reading all these chapters and it just did not payoff . This book is horrible if your a novice in java , DO NOT START WITH THIS BOOK . If you dont have a teacher to help you , really run fast !! This book gives examples of exercises and gives you all the terms and building blocks , but it just doesnt help . Find another book is my best advice .
 I 'm not suprised so many schools use this book to teach introduction to computer programming . Why ? Because like all educational textbooks , they 're boring and usually confusing.This book certainly has those characteristics . Virtually everything about the text is bad - from its organization to elucidation of concepts.Even if your school uses it , just buy another Java textbook . IT ... ! IT IS A COMPLETE WASTE OF MONEY .
 This book really has a lot of typos in codes , and some of the classes do n't work . The explanation are unclear and non-understandable . It fails to show the connecting of all classses . The whole book is done unorganized .
 I use this text for an AP Computer Science course , and find it to be one of the most confusing books on the topiic of Java and Computer Science . Being in multiple APs , I obvisouly can not read every single word and frequently have to sort out what information is relevant in a book . In most of my textbooks , this is rather easy . Horstmann 's book is , however , quite the exception . The author literally interupts his own sentences and sections with dozens of `` Random facts , '' `` Productivity Hints , '' `` Advanced Topics , '' and many more of these callouts . One chapter , I forget which one , actually has three of these strung in a row , manking this book incredibly hard to read . After cutting out in the middle of a topic , it is very common to just , without warning , start back up five pages later . Avoid this book .
 I am a student in a programming class that requires this book as a textbook . Although I have previous programming experience , I am about ready to pull my hair out trying to use this book . The examples are disjointed ; broken up into pieces and often not presented as a whole program . Dull and dry is inadequate to describe this waste of a good tree . If you have a choice , buy a different book .
 This book has typos in critical places . It fails to fully explain arrays . The auther 's classes do n't always work . You do n't learn standard libraries .
 As a computer science major , I used this book in an introductory programming course . I already had a fair bit of programming experience , although this was my first actual class . This book taught me nothing new about general programming concepts . Such topics are covered equally well or better in dozens of other computer science books -LRB- less expensive ones , I might add -RRB- . However , I was new to Java , so I had hoped that this book would teach it to me . I was disappointed . The book uses its own package of classes which teach the student nothing of real Java . After using this book , I found that I had to start all over again when I wanted to learn Java , and it took me several months to unlearn the material in this book . If you want to learn programming concepts , learn real Java , and save money , then look elsewhere . I would recommend some of the Java titles published by O'Reilly or Sun .
 I was falsely led to believe this book would be great , based on a couple of reviews I read , thinking that the key word system would offer me faster memory methods . However , after buying this one and also the Read The Tarot book by Abraham , I was very disappointed with both . This book offers her many ideas on new or different spreads , which are cute and perhaps some are useful , but to write a whole book and not really offer much , well that tells it accurately pretty much . The Read the Tarot book is also very limited . If you want a shortcut to reading the tarot , this is it . But be warned that such topics are much better read at their length than some quick read scheme . Its the black and white version of things , so to speak . This is this and that is that , where really we begin to find that the tarot has so much grey space , and other colors that there is no finite definition for anything . Her review of sword cards are the most frustrating , because she assumes that all swords are problems , cut and dry . So if you look up the five of swords , for example , she goes with her key word system of `` I believe `` and swords is problems , so the five of swords you would have to remember always is `` I believe in problems and troubles . '' Such an analysis is both extremely weak and pitiful , doing little to really understanding a card . Better said , these books by Abraham are appalingly lacking in substance , and her idea is to be quick because time is money , you get the sense that its all about rushing and making money , where in reality the Tarot is about timelessness , and slow methodical learning , to grasp the nuances of each card and spread to really understand the complexity of human nature !
 If you want to try new spreads , this book has lots . However , I thought the explanations and uses of the spreads were too specific and not flexible enough . I do n't use any of them , because I find these particular spreads confusing and difficult to use . It also gives short and simple meanings for each of the cards , including the numerological , elemental , and astrological associations , which is helpful and convenient , but not detailed enough if you do n't have a more comprehensive book or a detailed understanding of the cards . There are better books out there on non-traditional spreads . I only use this one when I need a quick reminder for a card 's meaning .
 I bought this book for the unique spreads and read it thoroughly . I would have liked to see explanations for why the cards are laid out in certain order and places . I thought the questions were too specific and would be difficult to answer with numerous cards . Interesting spreads , good subject matter , not well executed or explained at all . Please rewrite the book , Ms. Abraham and I will buy it again .
 While Night Watch is one of the best of the Terry Pratchett novels , this reading of the book is completely disappointing . Although I have read the book with enjoyment many times I can barely tolerate the audio version . The reader 's voices and manners are deep and serious with a downturn to their phrasing which is in total contrast to the tone of the book . There appears to be no rhyme or reason to the timing of the changes between readers , attempts at british accents are weak and erratic , and the brilliantly written unique characters have no distinction as read . This is especially disappointing because of the excellence of Terry Pratchett novels read by Nigel Planer . I regret purchasing this item .
 Let me say that I love Terry Pratchett , and for over 10 years I 've eagerly awaited each new book . I 've read some of his early discworld books so many times I 've lost count.Unfortunately , as much as I wanted to to really like this book , it was very disappointing . Another reviewer got it in one when they said , `` just not funny '' . Yes , all of his books are social satire , but this was verging on just ` social ' . Even the jokes that were attempted seemed forced and unoriginal , like I had read them in his other books before . I even read it again -LRB- because I always read ever new Pratchett books several times right away since there is normally so much I miss the first time through -RRB- , but it never ` caught ' me , I never laughed , and I just set the book aside.I have been disappointed in the last two Pratchett books , and while I 'll be certain to pick up his next book as well , I really hope to see some new , refreshing material in the future .
 This is a strange book , quite good , but it reads like well-informed fan fiction , not at all like Terry Pratchett himself -LRB- i have read all of the Discworld series , some titles several times over -RRB- . The style is dry , the characters non-developed , the pacing and structure do not have the same feel as other works , and it lots of ways this story is flavorless.It does n't feel right ...
 There was one really fatal flaw in Night Watch . It just was n't funny . Instead of the usual hilarious humor , we had Terry Pratchett pontificating on revolution , repression and who cares ? This may be an occupational hazard for best-selling authors
 The argument that growing up in poverty causes one to be overlooked with regard to giftedness does n't fly with me . The author lays it on pretty thick about how poverty negatively affects how teachers view giftedness in their students . There was little in this book I found noteworthy when read with common sense as my guide . Our American educational system needs a serious overhaul and the focus on `` feeling good '' simply because you 're in the classroom needs to go by the wayside . Poor or rich , all students are capable of giftedness . They just need to apply themselves and make the necessary effort to achieve success .
 For the last five years I 've been well acquainted with a middle aged couple , where the wife has read , and been determined to put into practice all of the suggestions in this horrible book . The husband is a very kind hearted person , who has always been one to pull his own weight , with the children , household chores , shopping , etc. . But , no , that was n't enough for her . The wife runs her own business , and has decided that he needs to buck up and do more . While she sits on the phone with her clients , he has to jerk around his own office schedule to meet her needs . I have seen him go from a pleasant , smiling person to a sad , exhausted , numbed robot . His wife has zero empathy for his needs , or those of anyone else , for that matter . But this book will probably sell well , as our society becomes more and more narcissistic . Sad .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- So let 's get this straight . Either a man dominantes a woman and basically has her serving him at home or he then essentially runs a buisness and is the work horse while his `` working '' wife `` runs '' the buisness but proves more a show horse than anything else and then the man suddenly swtiches over from being `` cooperative '' -LRB- i.e. submissive -RRB- to running off with what Mitchell calls a submissive wife.Yeah this makes lots of sense . A woman is either a bossy twit that does n't see it coming or a guy is a boorish brute or a milquetoast.Please this book is not a serious academic or analytical take on a supposed natural inclination of leadership -- regardless of gender . Rather it is clearly a fantasia catering to the female domination fetish . Any author or idiotic reviewer with such a black and white view of human interaction is fundamentally jaded , narrow-minded , and nearsighted.Mitchell , for example , sounds like a man with much want to have the opportunity to run off with any woman and most likely has had little interaction with the opposite sex to know anything of value to pass along to a reader.The bottom line is that leaders are more made than born . There are an endless supply of people with raw talent . The world is overflowing with them . What it lacks is those with the discipline and not just the `` drive , '' which is so often chimed as a great attribute . The dedication to grooming oneself and staying focus on long-term goals that can literally take many years to attain is a requirement few with all the talent in the world are ready to undertake.In our me-me , show-me-the-results-right-now demanding , impatient , immediacy , few men -- or women -- have what it takes to be a leader . Men have suffered from this for decades , namely believing that they can do anything simply because they think it . It takes work though more than anything to make it . Women today , however , have caught up with male ego and vanity in that now women genuinely beleive this is `` their time '' and they have an inherent right to claim the future without actually doing what is required to truly make it and have earned that right . Birth and gender and all that glorious talent alone do not make it in the world.This book only caters to the the insecure and delussional .
 This book is excellent for someone who is just starting the hobby of archery and who has not yet learned ANYTHING about different types of bows , arrows , and shooting stances . The authors have done a very good job of making the fundamental concepts of archery easy to understand for someone who has never dealt with them . For anyone else involved in the hobby , this book is very basic and is probably below your level of skill .
 I 'm frankly startled at the universally positive reviews for this book . As a full-time usability researcher and an alumnus of Apple 's human interface technologies team , I felt this to be one of the worst books on usability I 've ever read . I could not possibly recommend it for either academic or professional purposes.I 'm going to limit specific comments to just the first 10 pages of this book . Critiquing the remainder would warrant a full dissertation , not an Amazon review .1 -RRB- Subpar fact-checking . For example , on page 3
 Another inferior product for changeling from white wolf , this one is supposed to be a guide to the `` war of concordia '' but all it contains are the reactions of the kith and assorted houses , a few new art 's , weapons , and treasures . It never really states how changelings make war in the 20th century . Things like tactics , what happen 's when ordinary people happen across the rather large battle 's are all glossed over if they are mentioned at all . One thing I have held that was unbeleiveable about the world of darkness is how people could remain ignorant about the vampires , changelings , wraiths , werefish , ect around them when there are constantly large to small scale conflicts going on all around them . This book has no information on that or on the war in concordia in any meaningful way so I ca n't recomend it .
 First I want to start by saying that the book is probably geared better for a woman who already has at least one biological child of her own , coming into a relationship where her partner 's biological child/children are being added to the picture . Also that in the relationship , the step children or the step-parenting experience is from the custodial perspective.I would also like to add that while my review is n't a sparkling one , this book would seem to work for someone who is brand new to a relationship where the partner has kids and you want to know about things to consider before the relationship gets serious . If you are that person this book will only scratch the surface of what you are getting into , and in no way is any of this even the half of it , no matter how non-confrontational the dynamic of you/husband/stepkids / biological mother may be.For myself , as someone who is already in a serious relationship trying to smooth out a lot of wrinkles with this situation , the book did n't fit what I was looking for . And really the book did n't provide any new information to me that I had n't already considered.Onward with the review : The book 's contents were motivational and coming from the perspetive to think positively , but the concepts and ideas were very cliche . I was n't expecting anything profound since the reviews here on this book were mixed . There was n't much that really jumped out at me as far as what to do differently to make improvements.Many of the topics I would have liked to see were missed . Making life simpler for handling BM issues , visitation/non custodial things , are critical points that were not included in this book , and many stepmothers could use support with this.Much of the content is a no-brainer for any adult , let alone adults dealing with stepparenting issues.I was nearly offended at the suggestions of how handle discipline with children . The concepts that were presented were so incredibly simple , anyone WITHOUT kids would know to do these things . -- Well at least I would hope ! So the advice about how to handle particular situations in regards to discipline was of no service.-Respect is paramount between all adults and children.-Both parents can expect obedience from every child regardless of biology.Each of these and many more concepts are summarized in a short paragraph -LRB- three sentences ? -RRB- about what those things mean . They were n't presented as reminders or refreshers , in my opinion , but with the heir of assumption that most people do n't already know these things or do n't already have these ideas in place.There are a few questions listed in the book to ask yourself to get grounded on and gain some clarity from ; - List the 5 biggest complications in my life.-List 3 expectations for my step family.Listing these things out is helpful , so I give the author credit for writing from a solution oriented-standpoint and wanting to help stepmothers keep their chins up.But really , unless you 're just really at a low point and could use some motivation , just save your money and write out a list of your griefs and ways to be solution oriented about them . The book was far too simplistic for advising on how to deal with a very complex set of dynamics .
 I was in real need of some guidance and this book was rated high in a local parenting mag so I picked it up looking forward to reading someone 's expert advice . But instead I felt like I was listening to a cheerleader give me advice . Enough already with the exclamation points . I get the basic premise . What I was hoping for was something more substantial backed up with facts and studies . If you have little emotional intelligence you will probably get something out of this book ... i have an iota more than a little and found this book ridiculously simplistic .
 I bought this book just before marrying a man with four children from his first marriage . I expected solid examples of stepmoms overcoming obstacles and sharing their wisdom . However , I found the book very frustrating
 Here is my review.You would have to be mentally ill to pay $ 12.00 for a book you can download for free.This book would have to be capable of doing my taxes for the asking price .
 A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur 's Court takes place in the late 19th century -LRB- in the begging of the book -RRB- to the mid-7th century -LRB- in the end and the middle of the book -RRB- A man by the name of Hank Morgan , travels back in time to the legendary era of King Arthur and His round table . Morgan keeps a diary of the events and happenings of what goes on during his crazy adventure at King Arthur 's kingdom . Using 19th century technological advancments , Morgan fools everyone into believing that he is a great magician . After he gains the respect of the kink and the people , he becomes known as `` The Boss '' . He goes on several adventures which result in a comical , exiting atmosphere for the book to take place in . I did n't particularly like this book for a couple of reasons . First off , none of the jokes are funny . This might be because it was writtern in the 19th century . The author -LRB- Mark Twain -RRB- was probably cracking jokes from the time it was written . Some times the jokes dept on repeating themselves . Morgan kept on using slang from the 19th century ; of coarse none of the medieval characters were understood him . The book also got really boring , really fast . There was really no action in it . It seemed like the author was trying to make it funny , but could n't . The characters were unrealistic ; they would not be in the same mood for 5 minutes . In conclution I do n't recommend this book if you do n't like getting board -LRB- like me -RRB- .
 I thought that A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur 's Court By Mark Twain touched a lot of important aspects that our culture and society faces today while also satirized the times of Camelot . It also contrasted and showed the differences between the medieval times and the nineteenth century.But unfortunately I found this book hard to follow and had trouble getting into it . I felt that Twain often drug on certain topics or ideas . I think that I would have found this book to be a lot more interesting if Twain would have been more forward and to the point . I guess this book just was n't for me , but others might find it interesting.But I do have a lot of respect for Twain for writing this . I 'm sure that this book caused a lot of controversy since he wrote about a lot of sensitive topics , especially earlier in his time .
 `` A Conneticut Yankee in King Arthers Court '' is about Hank Morgan who lived in the 19th century and somehow was sent to the 6th . He develops England using modern technology . He goes on some expeditions and tries to change everything that was bad in the Medevil times . I did not like the book at all because it was incredibly boring . Most of the book had nothing to do with the main climax . The whole book was filled with completly irelevant and confusing details . There were a lot of things that happened suddenly and were not sufficently explained-like when Hank got married . Overall there were to many details where they did n't need them and not enough details where they did need them . The book was also very unrealistic . If Hank knew all that he did in the book , he would have probably rivaled Einstien 's IQ . There 's no way one person could make telephones , gattling guns , revolvers , newspapers , and factories using 6th century tools . The book was filled with to many , `` And I just happened to remember that if , '' - Hank knew to much about certain things that no one else would know about to be realistic . I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS BOOK because it is boring , confusing , and unrealistic .
 I am reviewing the book `` A Conneticuit Yankee in King Arthurs Court '' . A store clerk living in the 1800 's named Hank Morgan went back in time to the Middle Ages when he was hit in the head and knocked unconscious . He woke up in the Middle Ages and with his 19th century knowledge tried to help the citizens The ways he helped them were he created schools for the children , he made guns for the army and brought electricity from lightning to help everybody . The main characters were Merlin , King Arthur , Clarence and the main character Hank Morgan . I did not like this book . I think the book is very boring because it is hard to understand the complicated text . The way that the text was complicated was Mark Twain was writing how Middle Ages citizens would talk and one of his sentences went like this , `` Graddually as the time wore down one annoying fact still borne upon my understanding '' . Another reason I do n't like this book is that it is to hard to know what is really going on and who is speaking in the book . At one point in this book I had a totaly different picture in my mind then what was happening in the book . I thought that Clarence and not Hank Morgan was going to get hanged and then burned . But really Hank Morgan was the one getting hanged and burned . I dont recamend this book to anybody under the age of 15 years old , and if you like boring and complicated books i think that you should check this one out !
 This has to be the worst book Twain has every written . I had to do a book report on a book that was dull , stupid and lackluster . I love sifi and fanstay book but this is the worst I have ever read in 30 years
 A connecticut yankee in king arthur 's court is a book about a man that lived in the 1800 's and time-traveled back to the Middle Ages . He becomes King Arthur 's `` second-hand '' and tries to make the society more modern . He does this by adding schools , a government system , and introducing more modern inventions . I found this book very boring because it did n't have much action to keep my attention . The reason why it was so boring is because the guy just sits around all day feeling proud of his high status . The story also does n't have many characters , which would have made it more interesting . The book was also hard to understand . Because it was set in the middle ages , the characters used old-fashioned words like `` Lo '' `` thou art '' etc. that i could not understand . Another reason why I would not reccomend this book to anyone is that it went off on differenbt subjects not pertaining to the story-line . Because it went off on weird subjects , I got confused easily and i would have to read parts of the story over-again . The only good thing about this book is that it taught me the differences between daily life today and how much different it was in the middle ages . Overall , i would not reccomend this book to anyone . It is deathly boring , and very confusing .
 `` A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthurs Court '' is a book about a man from the 19th century who `` time travels '' back into the 6th century when he is hit on the head by a friend . The man attempts to modernize everything . He makes people believe he is a powerful magician by performing simple acts that seem unreal to the people . For example , he blows up a tower by connecting gun powder to a lightning rod during a storm . Amazing ... I think not . I thought this book was boring because there are to many unnecessary details . Who cares what each prison cell looks like ? One whole chapter was on the prices of food and how they vary from town to town . Another reason I disliked this book is because it was hard to follow . All the different knights names are so hard to remember and its so slow paced that if you put the book down you ca n't remember what was going on and you 're not interested enough to care . This was a boring 300 page book that could easily be made into an interesting 150 page book . I would only recommend this to someone who has a lot of time on their hands or to someone who likes slow paced books .
 There is no denying that Mark Twain is one of the best American authors . His wit and caustic style is just one of a kind , and his novels , with the in depth plot and yet witty and sardonic characters and the episodes that are at times comic and serious , is what defines that man and author that you either love or hate . In `` A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur 's Court , '' it may leave some ambiguous . First of all , the idea is clever
 Mark Twain was one of the United States ' greatest writers , but not one of its most brilliant novelists . A case in point is this 1889 novel , `` A Connecticut Yankee In King Arthur 's Court . `` The plot has been redone so many times as to make a synopsis here seem pointless . The title character is a practical-minded factory superintendent from Hartford laid out by a crowbar-wielding worker and transported to the time of King Arthur . After conning the locals by anticipating an eclipse and pretending he has blotted out the sun , the Yankee sets to work reforming Arthur 's kingdom in slow degrees , earning the wrath of the wizard Merlin among others.The novel 's defenders point out that while written in the guise of a children 's novel , `` A Connecticut Yankee '' is a cleverly subversive satire that ridicules tradition and progress simultaneously . For seven-eighths of the book , however , it is neither a fair nor a scintillating fight . Our hero , Hank Morgan , is the book 's narrator , and perhaps unreliable , but Twain offers no hint of this as Morgan and Twain mock the customs and puncture the myths of this bygone day , informing us whatever existed then could n't hold a candle to the present day . `` Somehow , every time the magic of folderol tried conclusions with the magic of science , the magic of folderol got left , '' Morgan explains.As the book develops , Morgan builds up the society he finds with modern conveyances , including trains , guns , and telephones . At one point in the story , knights ride to battle on bicycles.Anachronism soon devolves as the main source of humor for the book , along with the narrator 's off-handed way of telling us about the people he meets , none of whom impress him . One maiden proves such a windy bore it is a surprise to find Morgan later married to her , and quite a fond husband at that . There is one fellow named Clarence who becomes Morgan 's chief acolyte , but he only shows up to help Morgan out of the various minor jams that form the narrative thrust of our story.Much of the time , Twain uses Morgan 's experience as an excuse to launch into some invective , particularly involving institutions like slavery and the Roman Catholic Church . Critics talk about this as a slam against capitalism , too , but for the most part Twain presents capitalism as a fine and noble thing , ruined only by the blinkered idiocy of Arthur 's subjects.Whatever point Twain had in setting this story in Camelot goes by the boards after 50 pages . He references Malory but demonstrates little interest or fondness for the subject . Arthur goes on one meandering journey with Morgan disguised as a serf , Twain borrowing from his own `` Prince And The Pauper '' , but Arthur otherwise registers little in the story and his court even less . When Arthur 's fate is sealed , it occurs off-stage and is presented in the manner of a second-hand report.I got the feeling that Twain had a good idea for a novel but no notion what to do with it . This happens with his novels , like `` Pudd ` nhead Wilson '' and `` The Gilded Age . '' His best-known novel , `` Huckleberry Finn , '' has a famously disjointed ending , though that wrapper is a regular prize compared to what he does here . It 's one of the big `` huh '' moments in American literature , exceeded only by those critics who explain why it is so brilliant , because it satirizes the whole message of the rest of the novel or anticipates trench warfare or shows why suits of armor are a bad idea when worn in battle against an electrified fence . To me it 's Twain clearly throwing up his arms and leaving his reader in a hole after being dragged around for over 300 pages.Twain knocks off some good one-liners , and does enough with the concept in the beginning that you wish his heart had stayed in the venture . It did n't , but fortunately for his legacy academia has been more than willing to make up for his lack of patience or effort .
 Blast from the Past or Blast of Nothing?The story A Connecticut Yankee in King Authors Court by Mark Twain takes place in the 6th century in King Authors court . Hank Morgan , the main character , gets cracked on the head with a crowbar while working in his colt-factory in Hartford , Connecticut . He gets put back in time and into King Authors Court were he has to figure out how to get out of being hung by the king for being an outsider.This adventures tale introduces how to never give up and make the best out of a bad situation . Although sounding interesting , parts of the novel are written in old English , therefore recommended from high school up . Personally , the book was n't the best I had ever read . For a young reader , the book is hard to keep on track when reading the lengthful pages.Sounding interesting , Hank Morgan , the boss , struggles to go through 6th century life . Sounding like you 'll get a blast from the past , I myself only give this book two stars . Although many very strong readers may like the novel , many people may get lost in the book by falling asleep on the pages .
 This book A CONNECITICUT YANKEE AT KING ARTHUR 'S COURT by Mark Twain is very boaring . It starts out with a fictional character in King Arthur 's kingdom . It then creats a labyrinth of problems that the character solves using the technology of his time . It ends triumphantly with Hank -LRB- the main character -RRB- winning a huge battle for control of England . Although the book had moments where the suspension could be felt by the reader most of the time the descriptions and characters feelings filled the pages with unnecessary narritive . Because of this the racy plot with many intresting characteristics ends up taking a long time and being slowed down by the thoughts of the characters . Although this book is considered a classic its writing could be compared to the writing of Charles Dickens . The plot of the book is well written and thought out but , in an attempt to make the book seem more realistic both authors throw in space-fillers . Also as in GREAT EXPECTATIONS Mark Twain creates a connection between all characters that happens only within a few pages.Because of all the connections in the book the plot can become hard to follow and in order to fully understand the book it is better to glance over what you have just read . The plot at times is to amazing for any reader to believe , the author gives the main character the ability to make all inventions from his time and , at a glance creat new ones . He makes the character follow a heroes journey of sorts , where he must face entire leigons of soliders but wins by flipping a swich or shooting a gun . In a way , however , it is intresting to see how todays knowledge can be used in the past for conquest and for peace . The story the book gives made me think of what would happen if someone actually did go back in time . Because each new chapter in the book introduces a new character or a new problem it makes the reader carefully follow the plot . This creates the need to read every sentence and that is very demanding on the reader.I did not enjoy the book . It was too much to read for such a limited plot and the ideas were repititive . Because of all the different aspects of the book it was barely possible to keep on reading it . Overall I would not reccomend this book as a quick or fun read .
 i have one of the originals of this book and it 's so old and crusty and it was so weird and hard to understand with all those big words , and different from the new copies made of it . The only reason to read it would be for school .
 It was grat at some parts and boring at others . The end made up for alot of the book .
 I am a true fan of the King Arthor legands and of the writings of Mark Twain , but this novel does not meet up to either things . Basically the writing is not as well done as his other stories like Tom Sawyer and it puts down the whole legand of the Round Table . If you are inclined to be romantic about the Arturian period definitly do not read this story . I wish that I could have enjoyed this more , but there was little to make me love it
 Twain spoils a promising premise with bloated preachifying , colorless prose , and an uneven , nigh-absurdist plot arc .
 I read the book , `` A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur 's Court . '' This is about a middle-aged man from Connecticut in the 19th century . He travels back in time to the Middle Ages . He meets new people and pretends he is a magician since he knows so much about the future . He becomes a well known hero throughout the land . The book is pretty much about his successes and adventures as he learns about Medieval times . To me , I thought the book was more on the boring side , but I think someone older might enjoy it more since the book has more complicated events and words . I think it was too long and slow because it would use up pages and pages describing landscapes or how uncomfortable wearing armor is when all I really wanted to do was get to the real point of the story . Also , I do n't think the characters were very exciting and interesting because they would never really act like a real person would act during a similar situation . Like how the main character , Hank Morgan , never really wondered how he got to be in the Middle Ages and how he never really missed the 1800 's or thought about how he could go back . This all makes up why I do n't like this book . So , if you 're young and looking for some action or if you 're old and looking for some adventure , I would not recommend this book .
 I have always loved Mark Twain since reading Huck Finn and Tom Sawyer as a kid . At one point I had even memorized `` The Celebrated Jumping Frog of Calaveras County '' as a seventh-grader in Catholic school . Twain has always held a sentimental place close to my heart , so when our book club chose to read and discuss A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur 's Court , I was all for it.I had heard vaguely of Twain 's atheist mindset and his antagonism toward religion in general . But until I read Connecticut Yankee , I had no idea how much irrational and unfounded antipathy Twain had for the Catholic Church in particular . The pervasive theme in Connecticut Yankee is that our modern enlightened world is far superior to that which went before and that the `` bad old days '' of slavery and oppression were almost completely the fault of the Catholic Church . This anti-Catholic sentiment can hardly be denied as Twain himself urged reviewers not to mention it when the book first came out . `` Please do n't let on that there are any slurs at the Church , '' he told a sympathetic reviewer in the Boston Herald . `` I want to catch the reader unawares , and modify his views if I can . `` So Twain engaged in what we know today as the `` last acceptable prejudice . '' By way of a simple comparison , let us imagine that , instead of Catholics , Twain had chosen Jews , Mormons , or Evangelicals as the villains of Connecticut Yankee . Would it still occupy the exalted position it does as an American classic ? Or would it be relegated to those dusty shelves where reside other scurrilous works or racist manifestos to be studied as a historical curiosity of a meaner age?For me , the most annoying aspect of Connecticut Yankee was Twain 's almost total ignorance of history -- or , perhaps more accurately , his decision to turn history on its head to better fit his polemical aims of blaming all the ills of society on the Catholic Church . This is a classic example of what happens , I suppose , when a journalist with a wide breadth of knowledge but no depth attempts to novelize about a historical subject . To address some of Twain 's errors :1 . -RRB- Slavery in antiquity was in no way the fault of the Church . That pernicious institution long predated Christianity and was endemic to classical pagan societies . Indeed , the Church has a long history of making the lot of slaves more tolerable and being among the premier abolitionist institutions in the world .2 . -RRB- The idea that the Church suppresses intellectual freedom is a fable made up during the Protestant rebellion , though it is heartily embraced by Twain . Far more erudite scholars than I have examined this fallacy in detail , so rather than address this topic in detail here , I would point the reader to Tom Woods 's excellent book , How the Catholic Church Built Western Civilization .3 . -RRB- Twain writes naively of democracy , putting in Hank Morgan 's mouth the notion that `` Where every man in a state has a vote , brutal laws are impossible . '' One wonders what Twain would have made of our modern America , where not only every man , but every woman has a vote , and yet the ghastly practice of abortion is not only legal , but enshrined as a human right . Democracy of itself does not ensure enlightened government . Without the temper of religion , democracy is as likely to produce brutal and repulsive laws as the worst monarchy . De Tocqueville understood this . It 's a wonder that Twain did not.There are many more , but this review is already more prolix that I had intended.As always , Twain 's writing sparkles in Connecticut Yankee and his lampooning of the style of Mallory is very funny . His characters , however , viewed 120 years later , are crudely drawn . Hank Morgan is an Alger-esque self-made man whose compendious knowledge of all subjects is just a little too convenient . The legendary Arthurians are all soulless pawns that Twain moves around to further his polemic . No insight is offered into their characters at all . They are all cruel and completely self-serving -- as they must be in Twain 's mind because they belong to the aristocracy . The story ends on a bizarrely depressing note for a tale that was predominantly a humorous satire for the first seven-eighths of its length.In short , this is not a book I will be reading to my kids as a bedtime story . For me , it is to be considered a shameful period piece , written at a time when it was acceptable and even laudatory to be a Know-Nothing and make up slanders about the Catholic Church . That it is a cleverly-written slander is only another mark against it . Amusing slanders are pleasing to read but have the potential to do real harm both to the target and the reader .
 I did not think this was a good book at all . I read this with some friends , and though it made for good discussion , has its funny passages , I think it is a terrible account anything to do with King Arthur and the Holy Grail . Not terrible because it simply makes fun of those things , I could easily digest that , but because it seems to seriously attempt to make the legends seem to be groundless and made up , with none of their hidden meaning and mystery . Besides that , many things in this book are too unrealistic and not well thought out in my opinion .
 When you do the `` Look Inside '' thing , you 'll read `` This view is of the Mass Market Paperback edition -LRB- 1983 -RRB- from Bantam Classics . The Paperback edition -LRB- 2010 -RRB- from General Books LLC that you originally viewed is the one you 'll receive if you click the Add to Cart button at left . '' And that 's correct . The General Books LLC version is a completely different book . To wit ... General Books LLC puts together books using an OCR automated scanning device which can miss complete pages . There are many many Typos and no table of contents . There books receive NO EDITING of any kind , also , the OCR scanning is done by a robot -LRB- which the publishers website outright says can miss pages -RRB- . This is all stated on the publishers web site -LRB- google them and read for yourself to get all the details -RRB- . Almost every review of books published by General Books LLC -LRB- around 500,000 of them from one imprint or another now listed on Amazon -RRB- by buyers is negative , many are extremely so.As the General Books LLC version has reviews of other publishers versions associated with it , you need to be very careful to make sure you 've bought a decent version . If you have bought the version from General Books LLC by mistake , you can return to Amazon within 30 days -LRB- but check Amazon 's Return Policy for the details -RRB- .
 Mark Twain is , of course , a famous writer and a producer of a number of US classics . But this one is just too much of Mark Twain trying to make nasty remarks in order to be a cynic and too much of pushing American chauvinism , against too little realism to be bearable . Fine , 19th century Americans -LRB- and 20th and 21st as well -RRB- believe as a religion that their republic was the best invention since sliced bread and every other country in the history of the world was a land of morons . But this story depends on some far-fetched underestimation of human beings -LRB- or overestimation of Americans in relation to all others -RRB- in combination with sweeping generalizations and a lot of sweeping history under the rug.In short , I did n't like it .
 Hank Morgan , a Connecticut Yankee , travels back into time wher King Arthur rules . Needless to say , he goes on an excursion with King Arthur experiencing many events along the way . On the journey he learns lessons of how to be noble and be a knight . My opinion of this book is that it lacks something , something that is entertaining . I do not find it interesting or appealing . Mark Twain uses many details like most books he has written . The book went a bit overboard on them . Talking about how it feels to be in armor for a page does n't entice me . Also Twain goes onto new events too fast by actually lacking in detail . He did not have a smooth entrance to the journey he that the king and him went on . Also , I did n't realize until a chapter or two after Sandy , a damsel going on the journey , was introduced that she was a woman . I thought she was a horse at first . He could have transferred details , meaning using less on particular items and more on entrances . Overall , this book did not appeal to me at all . I usually get involved in books , but for this book I was utterly oblivious .
 Hank Morgan is hit in the head with a crowbar in the 19th century and wakes up int he Middle Ages . He becomes one of the most powerful people in his country , and because of his knowledge of the future , he makes many discoveries for the 6th century . Hank also goes on many journeys like when he discovers America , and after he has lived in America with his wife for a while he comes back to the city he lived at before he moved to America to find only a few people . With those people he goes against all of England.I would not recommend this book to anybody because it was boring and there was too much gore and killing . The book is boring because in the middle of the book fo about 50 pages they are riding on horses to get to this place to save some princesses that have been turned into pigs . Also the book goes on and on about boring sujects , and the few interesting subjects are over in a few pages . This book is too gory , and there is too much killing . There are people that go around killing people for no reason at all , and at one point in the book there are 30,000 dead bodies rotting . In conclusion I did not like this book because there was too much killing and it was boring .
 `` A Connecticut Yankee In King Arthur 's Court '' is about Hank Morgan , a man who goes back in time to Camelot , and takes over using his knowledge of the future , and science . I did not like this book at all . It had no description , and I could hardly understand it . It had no description at all . At one point , Hank-the main character-complains that no one ever uses any description . Here is a passage from the book . `` Sir Gewaine went a-journeying , and fell upon Sir Kay . He smote Sir Kay down , off his horse . He went farthe and fell upon Sir Galahad . Sir Galahad smote Sir Gewaine with his sword . Then Sir Galahad went further down the road and smote down Sir James . '' Everyone in the book talked in either Old English , using words like prithee , thoust , and other confusing words , or they talked in 1800 's Yokel Tawk . In conclusion , I think the book was boring with lack of description , and hard to understand . I would recommend this book to skitzefrenics who ca n't handle good description , or want to be able understand the story .
 A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur 's Court , is about a man name Hank Morgan who finds himself transported 1,300 years back to the middle ages . He was thought to be a spy and was put in jail , but with the help of a page named Clarence , he convinces everyone that he is a wizard . Throughout the years he invents things we have today , but they did n't have back then . He also educates and helps people of the kingdom and becomes a knight himself . I found the book to be time-consuming and dull because nothing ever eventful happened and the old English they used made it hard to comprehend . They did not have a lot of big events at all . All he did was talk , talk , and talk about what he was going to do . It would have been more stimulating if they described when he was fighting , exploring , or helping others . Another thing that made it boring was that they used old English . It baffled me when they would say `` thou are pithy '' . You would n't know who `` thou '' was or even what `` pithy '' meant ! You would not like this book if you like mystery or fast pace , and I do not advise reading it any way .
 This book is out of touch with modern education . It 's boring
 i think that this book was very diffent . and that it was very hard to understand . most of the book i wasnt really sure what was going on just that he was magical and that he was in the past . there was definitly a twisted ending but thats ok . if i had a choice i probably wouldnt have read this book and read a different book on the list but oh well i got the pages i needed out of it .
 I had to read this book for a college class and at first I thought ... oh cool , a time travel story . This book was anything but . It 's nothing more than a 400 page rant about how evil wealthy people are , in contrast to the inherent goodness of the oppressed poor . He stereotypes shamelessly throughout this book . And despite the fact that both the narrator and people who read this book seem to assert that this tale is set in the 6th century it absolutely is not . You did not have castles , titled lords and ladies , a powerful Roman Catholic church , and French sounding names in 6th century Britain ! Had Mr. Twain been more balanced in his writing and more historically factual I personally would have found this book a great deal more readable . A story about someone in the 19th century transported to a time and place where Britons and Anglo-Saxons were fighting for control of the land would have been even more fascinating . As it stands , anyone looking for a time travel story is going to get little more than a meandering , endless , and plotless leftwing spiel .
 this book sucks no one should ever read i hated it so bad that i want to throw it away never ever read it
 Hi everyone ! I had to read this book for school and it was torture . I would not ever reccommend this book to anyone . It was soo boring ! Mark Twain tried to be funny , but he was not ! The chapters droned on and on about boring topics . This is not a lie at all
 This action adventure drama is a Mark Twain tale of a troubled man redirecting his life the fit the sixth century lifestyle . Written from his pen at the low point of his career , Mark Twain 's Connecticut Yankee was unorganized , and is unable to hold one 's attention.After being forcefully struck on the head by a not so gentle tool , Hank Morgan awakes with the realization that he is not in Kansas any more , in fact he is not in Connecticut either . He opens his eyes as a distraught stranger who has collided with a new age of unworldly elements , known as the sixth century . Coming from nineteenth century America , he is only equipped with confusion and bewilderment . Although throughout his existence in his present setting he learns that he possesses the power of knowledge and experience that he has involuntarily drawn from the well of the future . Stealthily using this to his advantage he quickly works his way up Camelot 's socioeconomic ladder he then takes a position among the sixth century 's finest.Almost immediately after acquiring his coveted political stature Hank is questioned of his worth . He is challenged with a knightly quest . Adventure arouses when he nobily accepts this journey . On the way he partners with a disarranged , yet flamboyant , long-winded maiden who shares Hank 's company , while ruining his silence throughout their quarry . All through Hank 's entity in the sixth century he indirectly influences the people with his foreign knowledge , all the while going through life altering experiences that will be impressed upon his mind for the rest of his days.It is obviously shown that Mark Twain was in an unhappy stage of his life while composing this peace . Do not be disillusioned by past reputations . The strong and healthy characters , depthful plots , and striking adventure are absent in this book . The story gave a feeling of gloomy misery , and anger . The climax and conclusion were blunt and quite unsatisfying , leaving the reader not only needing more , but wanting a plot as well . Packed with interesting yet depressing insights to mankind , and the actuality of the often glorified Camelot , the story does leave one thinking . Although all the while giving the reader a stale and dismal reaction . Consistently questioning the reader 's interest , this book is graced with an unconcluded and depressing response .
 Had Twain stopped after the first section , in which he describes riverboat piloting and his exploits therein , I would have come away with a positive impression of the book . His piloting writings were entertaining and interesting , even though not particularly relevant in today 's world.However the later chapters ruin the book . Twain documents his return to the Mississippi with a plethora of miscellaneous descriptions and loosely related anecdotes . These sections range from only mildly entertaining to just plain boring , as Twain does n't even use his humor to save them.In the end the disappointment of the second half outweighs the enjoyment of the first half .
 Mark Twain is a great author , but not here . I liked his `` Tom Sawyer '' and `` Adventures of Huckleberry Finn '' and , I 've a fine appreciation for the man 's sheer wit . `` The Celebrated Jumping Frog of Calaveras County '' is the best short story I had to read in High School . `` A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur 's Court '' is an overblown rant against religion dressed in the trappings of novelization.I found the plot absurd . Twain 's barbs against religion were witty , but so over-the-top they interfered with the actual story . I kept finding the novel stupid instead of funny , and pointless instead of witty , especially when ` technology/modern civilization ' began dominating the court . The use of detail detracted from the story ; extremely overwritten . The main character was an ` expert ' on everything , and felt more like an author 's mouthpiece than a real man , even a caricature of a man . If you are n't amused by old-style religious slanders , expect a plot , and have read modern time travel stories , you 'll hate this so-called ` great ' novel.Please feel free to discuss in the comments rather than giving me rage-unhelpfuls because you disagree with my opinion . Thanks !
 This book was a required reading for my school for summer . I did not enjoy the book in some parts because I found it to be very confusing and boring . There were some chapters that I found interesting and suspenseful . I would not recommend this book for readers . I think it just gets boring after awhile .
 I had to read this book for a college class , I thought it was one of Twain 's worst , and that comes from someone who loves many of Twain 's other works . In fact for my essay I compared this work to The Adventures of Tom Sawyer . Twain uses the dialect of the people in King Arthur 's time , and sometimes it can get very confusing . I skipped over several paragraphs just because I could n't make any sense of it . As long as Twain is n't using the dialect of that time the story line is very good . I found it annoying how Twain over played the stupidity of people of King Arthur 's time .
 A Connecticut Yankee Takes A blast from the past . Yea right ! this book is extremely long and rarely has any action to keep you awake if I were a book rater I would give this book a two out of ten thumps up . this story takes place in the 6th century and the only good part was when they were going to burn Hank Morgan and to top it off they did n't even burn him because brought his knowledge from current time and fooled King Author by saying if they do n't let him go he will shut down the moon but it was acuity a solar eclipse so the moon slowly faded away so they let him free . Honestly I think this book is not for kids our age it 's more for adults . Because I could n't even stay focus it was so boring I started reading other books . This book may be for determined readers but you better keep a cup of coffee near by full because you might fall asleep .
 I was excited to get a copy of A Connecticut Yankee , since I had n't read it in twenty-five years , but to my dismay , the print is eye-strainingly small . The story is just as classic as always , and to it I give a galaxy of stars . However , to the knuckleheads at Bantam , I have only condemnation . The print is as small as I have ever seen . My thirty-something eyes are still strong , and are aided by glasses , but I find that after a half an hour , I must put the book down . Spend a little more money , and do yourself a favor , and buy a different version of this wonderful book .
 this book is just ok , the art of stealth is much more than illustrated in this book . as an expert in the art of ninjutsu stealth , i can tell you , you can not expect to show the true aspects of stealth and clandestine movement by not showing methods of silent walking , proper hiding and camouflauge , and so on so forth . it explains a few helpful tips , some of which really are just plain common sense to be honest . maybe i might recommend it to someone now beginning in stealth training ... MAYBE . i actually rather recommend getting stephen hayes ' book `` the mystic arts of the ninja '' . it shows a few ways of walking as well camouflauge and escape
 After reading this book I personally think that the term `` shadowhand '' refers to Dr -LRB- ? -RRB- Haha Lung 's ability to write a 150 page book without telling you a single thing . If there is anything of any usefulness that you will find in this book you will also find it in any women 's self defense magazine sans the ridiculous illustrations.A one star rating is being way too generous .
 I gave this one star , because negative stars are not allowed . The previous review has to have been written by someone closely related to the book.I was a teen-ager during the '80s Ninja Craze and even then , this book would have been seen as a complete joke . I think I was expecting a Mutant Ninja Turtles cartoon to turn up somewhere in the book , but was disappointed to not see one.Bottom-line - Stay away from this book . If you are really interested in something about ninja , look into Stephen K. Hayes .
 After 2 weeks in Paris with this book in hand , all I can say is `` what a disappoinment ! '' I bought this book based on other customer 's online reviews , while my husband went to the bookstore , and carefully chose `` Lonely Planet '' French PhrasebookFrench
 Sadly , this book is not up to the standard of Rick Steves ' guidebooks . What a shame ! Mr. Steves has a really good sense of what information is needed by travelers to ease and enhance their trip . But HIS PHRASEBOOK is a big disappointment . It is FULL of errors ! On average , I would say there is nearly one mistake per page . Some are just misspellings , but others are more serious - faulty pronunciations , bad grammar , and even wrong words . For example , in the section `` A French Romance '' on p. 199 , `` baiser '' is given as the translation of `` to kiss '' . Non , non , et non ! Except in the fixed expression `` baiser la main '' -LRB- to kiss one 's hand -RRB- , `` baiser '' IS NOT USED with this meaning ! It 's a vulgar word for `` copulate '' , equivalent to our `` to screw/lay/f __ k '' . If you want to say `` to kiss '' in French , you use the word `` embrasser '' . Oh l&agrave; l&agrave; , quelle erreur ! One can only imagine the repercussions if one used this word when asking permission to kiss someone good-night ... And it struck me , if there are that many errors in the French I know - Lord only knows what 's lurking there in the expressions I do n't know ! I have seen enough to convince me that the French in this book is not to be trusted.In addition , Mr. Steves does n't see fit to let the reader know whether words -LRB- nouns -RRB- are masculine or feminine , not even in the dictionary section . And 9 times out of 10 , he does n't indicate what the masculine and feminine forms are to accompany these words . So how can one hope to do anything other than butcher the French language with this book?It 's true that you can probably make yourself understood with Mr. Steves ' phrasebook , even with all the mistakes . But that 's putting the bar pretty low , is n't it ? When you buy a phrasebook , do n't you expect something a bit better than the equivalent of `` I go now , and he go , too '' ? If you 're new to French , you 'll probably make enough bloopers on your own , without an additional helping from Mr. Steves . Get yourself a phrasebook that gives you accurate French , such as Berlitz , or Fodors -LRB- sorry , I 'm not familiar with the Lonely Planet phrasebook -RRB- . I am saddened to think that neither Mr. Steves nor his publisher thought it necessary to have this phrasebook/dictionary proofread or vetted by a French person . It appears from the mistakes Mr. Steves makes that he has picked up the language by traveling and talking to people but has not undertaken any systematic study of the language . How could anyone who has had even one semester of college French say the equivalent of `` I have already to finish '' when they mean to say `` I have already finished . '' ? Surely then it is irresponsible , if not downright arrogant , to assume that Mr. Steves ' command of French is good enough to be used as a model for others to copy . Oh , l&agrave; l&agrave; ! Quelle horreur ! Quelle triste histoire ! All the potential usefulness of this book has been thrown away through its slap-happy approach to grammar , spelling , and vocabulary .
 I do n't give negative reviews on items I 've purchased very often , but here goes.When we bought this book , along with one for Italian , we thought they were great and very user friendly . This was before we actually arrived in France and Italy and really had to use them . When you 're in actual situations where you need to find words and phrases fast , this book does n't cut it , at all . The simplest of words I tried to find in the dictionary were n't there so I quickly went searching through the various sections trying desperately to find necessary words for the simplest of things like directions , traveling , etc. . Amazingly , even though these phrases are the most important to use , the ones we needed , the words actually being used at the train and subway stations , were n't to be found . It was a waste.I finally started using Google translator to put in the phrases I needed , and wrote them down . These worked much better than this book and we were able to do much more . Plus , I did n't have to spend time trying to find the right section , and the right spot where a certain phrase might , or might not , be found.The book might be useful before you leave , to start to learn pronunciation , etc. , but you could probably borrow a book from the library and learn the same thing . Save your money and go to the library , then use Google translator for phrases you 'll really need for subways , trains , restaurants , etc. .
 The author 's organization of the material is by major topics such as Traveling , Eating , Sleeping , Money , etc. . I found this very hard to use ` in the field ' since I could n't quickly guess where he put things I needed.For example , I wanted to check the pronunciation of a letter in the French alphabet and I needed it pretty quickly since someone was waiting on me to come up with it . I could n't find it in the book although I knew I had it seen it there when I reviewed it the night before . I gave up and muddled through . That night , I found the French alphabet pronunciation list in the `` Sleeping '' section of the book . IMHO , something as basic as the alphabet should have been in a section in the front or back cover or in the tear out ` cheat sheet ' for quick and easy reference . At least , it should get its own section that is clearly identified in the Table of Contents rather than being listed in small print under the `` Sleeping '' topic.To me , that 's the perfect example of how this book was virtually useless in the field.There were no good maps of France -LRB- in general -RRB- or Paris -LRB- in particular -RRB- or any other city . -LRB- I 'm guessing many people complained about this issue and that 's why the newest version -LRB- 2010 -RRB- alludes to a map in the title . -RRB- The only maps were crude , gross , hand-drawn outlines of the world , France , America , etc. that were useless for virtually any real-world application.There was NO information on verb conjugation rules so , if you know something about the language , this book wo n't help you extend your knowledge and construct complete , proper sentences.So much space was consumed by phrases that might -LRB- or might not -RRB- apply to your exact situation that there was nowhere near enough room for a decent French/English and English/French dictionary . I rarely found a specific word I needed in the dictionary sections . Also , the dictionary section does n't indicate whether a noun is masculine or feminine so , even if you do find the word you 're looking for , you do n't know how to use it in a sentence . Finally , the dictionary offers no pronunciation help.We found the European train system to be very confusing as to ticketing requirements and this book was , yet again , useless in that area . Some of the information seemed to be wrong . For example , the book refers to using a bank to change your US Dollars into Euros . In our experience , there were no banks in Paris or Cannes that allowed that . Instead , we had to use money exchange stores we found.I also had the Italian version of this book for use when we were in Italy and it had the same problems.Although I can tell the author put a lot of work into these books , frankly , I do n't see any real use for these books in the field and I simply can not recommend them . I hope this helps someone .
 I would not recommend this phrase book because I found it very hard to access the phrases . It is organized by situations where you would use the phrases , such as counting , traveling , eating , and sleeping . It requires too much skimming and scanning to find what you want to say .
 Just returned from Madagascar where French is commonly used . I speak some French but I wanted a small dictionary and phrase book . This book is certainly small but over half of the simplest words I looked up were not there whereas obscure words were . Buy a small pocket dictionary instead . It will be far more useful than this idiosyncratic book .
 The Kindle version of this textbook is a giant mess , avoid at all costs . It is poorly organized , footnotes appear in the middle of paragraphs , and sentences and paragraphs in various places are jumbled and incoherent . Ultimately , the Kindle version of this book is rendered almost useless . If you need this book , buy a hard copy !!!
 Princeton Review 's latest book on how to crack the SAT is quite good by giving us an accurate discription on how the problems are formatted and on what system they are laid out but in this process it fails to give many furthur execsice to practise . Hence we are short of practise but on the other hand Barrons book is one of the best I have ever come across . It is nicely and coherently laid out and quite systematically and enough practise skills .
 The major problem I have with the princeton review is that they crack out books that have errors in them . This book is good in that respect , however I think there are better ways to prepare . Their discussion of Joe Bloggs is n't bad and it will help , but IT WO N'T HELP AS MUCH AS THE MASTERY OF THE MATERIAL ! I can not emphasize that enough . The Princeton review shows you all these ` tricks ' and not enough time is spent on mastering the material . I hope that I catch many high schoolers and they see this review . If you have about a month before the test I urge you to get a few books . First is Word Power Made Easy by Norman Lewis . The second is The Memory Book by Harry Lorayne . After you read Word Power you will rip through the Verbal section . The Memory book will help you in all aspects -LRB- especially memorizing words -RRB- and it will cut down study time by 75 % . I am pretty good at math so I did n't get any math books . Now I got a 1230 on the PSAT . Then I read those two books and my score jumped to a 1440 -LRB- 750v , 690m -RRB- . Remember techniques will help , but mastering the material will help a lot more.Good luck on the test !
 I am sorry , but I have serious objectionsto the Princeton Review manner of creating study guides . While some attention is given to actually reviewing the material that is on the test , much information is dismissed as unlikey to appear on the test and therefore unnecessary to remember . Princeton Review bets on statistics of what material is most often tested when deciding what it will teach you.Likewise , and more importantly , the Princeton Review encourages students of its book to rely on chance and statistics in regards to guessing multiple choice answers . Princeton Review teaches the students the techniques that are most likely to help them and , on the side , teaches the material that is most likely to be essential . Well , that which is most likely is not the case 100 % of the time . While some suggest that tests are so unlikely to have three questions in a row with the same answer that a student should be overly skeptical if he or she finds his or her self marking three questions in a row with `` B '' , the fact is that I have taken many tests and many times have I had the same answer for four or even five questions in a row . I got these questions right because I did not doubt my answers based on some test-taking techniques I picked up in the Princeton review but because I had learned enough of the material to be confident.Quite simply , this Princeton Review book is not an effective enough resource for helping its readers learn the material they are being tested on . The quality of the book is further decreased by its emphasis on tricks and statistical advantages that just do not prove useful enough in the real world.The SAT is perhaps the most important test a high schooler will take , so do n't jeapordize your performance by studying from this book unless you plan to supplement your studies with more material-oriented guides .
 First and foremost , the CD-ROM that is included in this book was made poorly . It usually crashes or there is something wrong with it . The tips are good but Princeton Review does not give enough excercises to actually apply them to , only drills with 5 or so questions in them . I recommend looking into other test prep companies such as those of Kaplan and Arco . Do n't get the version of this book with the CDROM . You can save about $ 5 and you wo n't risk having your computer destroyed .
 `` Cracking the SAT/PSAT '' provided some really helpful vocabulary lists but the test taking strategies were non-helpful . The idea of the Joe Bloggs principle made me uncomfortable and the book focused too much on eliminating obvious answer choices and guessing instead of teaching how to solve the problems by knowing the right technique .
 I almost bought this book because I know a bunch of friends who are taking Kaplan and Princeton Review SAT prep courses . This is the first time I noticed that the college board does n't endorse the Princeton Review 's book . What does that mean ? I 'm not buying this book !
 I started studying for the SAT with this book . I immediately did n't like the whole discussion about Joe Bloggs and the idea that the people making up the test are trying to trick you on every problem . But I still used the book for a while . A few of the strategies and tactics were OK , but most of them were either stupid or not very well explained . I finally gave up on the book and tried two others
 this book made me feel like the dumbest teenager on earth . It taught strategies that I would never use and do n't really get . The vocabulary words were very good but Kaplan 's list is better . In addition , Kaplan also includes some nmemonics in order to help the student remember the word . I hate how the book never really explained the answer but just told what the correct answer was because it `` made the most sense . '' `` Is a vagrant a person without a domicile . Yup ! '' This was one of the explanations that the book gave . It got me running to the dictionary and feeling like a dumba ** . If I knew what the words meant , I would n't have gotten the book in the first place .
 This book might help you if you started with an 800 on the SAT , but I started in the 1200-1300 range and found that the Joe Bloggs method and the other innane tricks taught by the Princeton Review are not particularly helpful . Even their vocabulary list is somewhat simplistic . Honestly , this book probably raised my score no more than 20 points . A waste of money and time.The practice tests are also not like the actual SATs . If you want to learn about how actual SATs are , do n't expect to find the answers in the back of this book . If you are already scoring high , you should buy 10 Real SATs and maybe get a personal tutor if you can afford one . Good luck !
 Should of had more information regarding Bob Hopes secret life . That was the title of the book ! Most of the book was about the things he did in his career . Anyone could of found that information . Few and irrelevant photos . No follow up on stories . Disappointing .
 Throughout the history of biographies , official or otherwise , authors who choose to pen books about celebrities , politicians or media figures do so because they either
 Oh , for gosh sakes . Arthur Marx is a complete loser who managed to squeak out a living as a comedy writer only by working his father 's connections . Groucho thought Arthur was a lousy comedy writer , and this book proves he 's a lousy human being , as well . Hope was one of Arthur Marx 's employers , and it was Hope that turned his father 's career around by insisting that he work off the script when he invited Groucho to come on the air with him . Little did he imagine at the time that the thanks he would get for his benevolence to Groucho -LRB- a benevolence he displayed throughout his career -RRB- would be a knife in the back from his pathetic lowlife son . The book is a collection of snide , filthy , innuendos from unnamed sources , former employees , and the sort of enemies that competent , hard-working , brilliant individuals like Hope always make within their own industries .
 I think it is amazing how quickly people attempt to destroy a great American hero 's reputation as soon as it 's safe to do so . How credible can Mr. Marx 's accusations be when most of his sources are unnamed or too old or already deceased to confirm his claims ? Surely some of these women would have come forward a long time ago with a `` Hope 's love child '' story . I do n't buy it Mr. Marx . If I could , I would give a less than one star .
 All I have to say is , if your a big fan of Bob Hope and believe that Mr. America - loyal , faithful husband and family man then do n't read this you will look at him differently or probably wo n't be able to look at him at all . All I can say is I 'm not surprised , what man do n't sleep around ? What disappoints me is that how easy the women went to bed with him , it takes two to tangle , and obviously these women wanted to do it . So I do n't necessarily blaim Bob Hope , if their willing to give it up , any man is going to take it . All I have to say is and I 've been saying it for years , Write books like this , when their alive and around to defend themselves . This book will break anybody 's heart who 's a big Bob Hope fan and believed he was Mr. America - faithful husband and family man . All I have to say is if he was this bad , it would of came out , all the wrongdoing came out about the rest of the stars of the past and present , I 'm sure someone would of tried to tarnish his career like what happen to Bill Clinton , I 'm sure some woman would of came forward and said something . I do n't know what to believe , I wish somebody would let Bob Hope and his family read this book and get their say . Some things are just left best unsaid , and let people and fans believe the illusion and image the stars create .
 What a bunch of hype on this book . It 's format is so concise as to be practically useless . It seems to be a bunch of class notes cobbled together . Mulitvariable calculus in a book that is only 5 inches across ? What a dis-service to the subject . It can barely contain the full definitions for tensor products . Just silly . Lacking examples or much of anything for the reader to bridge the gap his terse prose leaves . A Font so small that indices are lost on some equations . It is no Differential Geometry . The difficulty is not within the subject matter , but with it 's meager presentation . Not at all the quality you would expect from this author . God , I hope this is n't `` The '' book on calculus on manifolds . Not to mention the typos . I never knew that f -LRB- a -RRB- = f -LRB- a -RRB- + f ' -LRB- a -RRB- * h. . . oh wait it is n't , but f -LRB- a + h -RRB- is ! I guess it was tough proof reading a hundred pages with 10 sentences on each page . Get the cheapest version you can .
 I do not recommend this book . It 's not complete and the subject is too abstract and difficult for such a skimpy treatment to get through to the beginning students . At best it might be used as supplemental reading , then it 's too expensive -LRB- a 100 page paperback . -RRB- I suggest instead the books by Buck -LRB- easiest to read -RRB- , Munkres -LRB- up-to-date & user friendly -RRB- and the magnificent -LRB- but difficult -RRB- Loomis & Sternberg .
 I tried to use this book as a supplement text for my multivariable calculus class . I found it to be very useless even as a supplement , let alone a main source to rely on . The main problem with this book is the fact that it is very short -LRB- Can I say way overpriced ? Good thing I got it for free -RRB- and it does n't explain the concepts properly . It is theoretical , but also in my opinion too far out there . I have nothing against theory , in fact I think its great to have theory in a math book . But in this case the material presented very tersely and unclearly . In my opinion books should explain concepts nicely and clearly with a proper use of examples . I do not wish to spend hours trying to understand what an author tried to say , especially when a concept is a really easy one . Another annoying thing about this book is the notation . Author uses `` modern '' notation for partial derivatives , but for some reason not many other people use it . It is found mostly in the 1950s era math books . This archaic approach to math is devastating to a student . Avoid at all costs .
 I used it for my undergrad 2nd year analysis course and felt it 's not suitable for being a textbook at all . The concepts were too compactly corrugated which make you hard to have a grasp on it . The chapters regarding tensor and integration were badly written for such a different approach towards calculus . it tried to unify modern approach towards calculus and then moved up to manifolds in its own way , if you have no solid * normal * , * classic * approach for multivariate calculus it 's not a beginners book at all.I would say grab another book with good introduction to tensors , and exterior algebra , Munkres book is way better than Spivak in regarding this matter and much better written . I do n't like the way it expresses some of the theorems , it felt that the author was n't trying to write a textbook , but a PHD paper threaded with his own mind.However , despite much dislike of the content , I found there 's something great about this book , its exercises ! which I felt is more important than this little book . Grab the book for exercises only and do most of the works . And that 's why I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 .
 This book gives a concise introduction to calculus on manifolds , and the main theorem proved in this book is the general version of Stokes ' theorem for arbitrary differential forms.For those not yet familiar with Stokes ' theorem , briefly it tells how the integrals on the surface of a region in a manifold are computed by doing integrals on the region 's interior . The thing you integrate on the surface is is called `` a differential form '' and the thing in the interior is `` d of the form '' . A special case is the fundamental theorem of calculus.Spivak 's approach is to define d of a differential form using an algebraic formula , and then to prove Stokes ' theorem , which -LRB- given his definition of d -RRB- is pretty much an algebraic triviality.This approach is pedigocially -LRB- and probably historically -RRB- backwards . The culminating difficulty of deriving Stokes theorem is in coming up with the correct formula for computing d ! -LRB- I certainly doubt that Stokes ' wrote down this formula ad hoc and then investigated what theorems he could prove with it . -RRB- In particular , I think that Spivak 's treatment would have been more motivated if he took the following path :0 . Give a few examples of the general Stokes theorem , in simple cases that are physically intuitive . -LRB- The divergence and curl theorems are appropriate . -RRB- 1 . Define d of a form by an operational definition to make Stokes theorem obviously true without any algebra . This can be done by considering the integral of a form w surface of little cubes , and taking the limit as the edge-length goes to zero , and saying that dw is the thing you integrate on the interior of the cube to get the same answer .2 . Evaluate the limit to derive the algebraic formula for d.This is essentially the treatment outlined in Arnold 's `` Mathematical Methods of Classical Mechanics '' -LRB- a GTM yellow book -RRB- , and I did n't truly understand Stokes ' theorem until I saw it there . Furthermore , when I saw it in Arnold my comprehension was immediate , whereas I spent two weeks reading Spivak and still was a bit confused.Giving the algebraic formula for calculating d and then proving Stokes ' theorem as an afterthought is like naming the culprit on page 1 of a mystery novel . That being said , a mathematically mature reader might be able to reorder Spivak 's treatment without being confused by it . But hey , this book is for really for undergrads so the presentation should have been polished and motivated.In summary Spivak 's approach is somewhat analogous to defining differentiation using unmotivated algebraic rules , proving the fundamental theorem of calculous for the functions you can integrate and differentiate using these rules , but not stating that the derivative is given by the limit of a difference quotient .
 My experience
 I was very disappointed when I received this book in the mail . It said it was in good shape but when I got the book there were stickers all over the front of the book . I was able to take the stickers off but was still disappointed it said nothing about them being on there when I ordered the book .
 This is a wonderful story . Two books were returned for being much smaller in size than described.We still do not have the book and will not order again . This is not acceptable .
 On behalf of an adoptee aquaintance : Please do not suggest this to any family with adopted children ! As an adoptee myself I can say that this book sends a horrible message that first mothers are lazy and willing to just cast off their children without a second glance . Nothing can be further from the truth ! I will never allow this book in my home , nor will I ever allow my son -LRB- who was also adopted -RRB- to read it , as I ca n't imagine the horror it would cause for an adopted child of tender age . Luckily for me , I was not introduced to it until I was an adult and better prepared to cope with this horrible piece of writting.On my own behalf : I could n't agree more . I am also an adoptee . I would have been deeply , deeply wounded as an adoptee to have it insinuated that my mother simply abandoned me out of laziness . I hope that adoptive parents , before using this as an `` adoption story , '' will think first of how it could deeply wound their child to come to believe that they were surrendered simply because their biological mother is lazy . What if one day your child does n't feel like doing something , do you want them to now wonder if s/he like that terrible lazy person that abandoned him or her?The book has some other great lessons , but it does n't belong anywhere remotely near an adopted child .
 I would not recommend this book to any parent who 's child came to them through adoption . This book sends several bad messages about the first -LRB- birth -RRB- parents of a child who was adopted . First , it sends the message that the first parents just did n't feel like taking care of them and wandered off , sticking some stranger with their care . Second , children who were adopted identify with their first parents . This book sends the message that the first parents are bad and , in a childs mind , therefore they must be bad also . Third , what I see in the ending is that children who were adopted need to be like the family that adopted them . What we celebrate about our children is their uniqueness . My oldest daughter is a spectacular artist . So is her first mother . I ca n't draw stick figures . She also loves ballet , she gets that from me . It is not necessary to be just like your family to fit in . I was n't adopted , I 'm nothing like the majority of family , they love me . Last , I think it sends a bad message to children who were n't adopted . Most of the children out there know someone who was . I do n't think it 's good to teach them that the reason their friend was adopted is because they were abandoned by their first parents . To me , this book just tells children who adopted that they were unloved and unwanted and a nuisance.I love Dr. Suess and will continue to buy his books and read them to my children . This book , however , has no place in our lives and would not be allowed to be here .
 This one gift I could give my grown daughter . I read this book over and over to her as a child . It was in wonderful condition !
 I read this to my 21/2 year old and she 's had nightmares for a week about hunters shooting her with guns . In the book , hunters come after Horton and point their guns at him . Horton braces to be shot but then the hunters change their mind and kidnap him to the circus instead . In general it 's a dark tail for the littler ones . Go ahead and read it to your kid if you want them to wake up crying and screaming like mine did .
 I have never used this book . I found the Red Book and Blue Book easier to follow , and organized more like my brain .
 The black and white photo 's look like photocopies of photocopies.And to add insult to everyone , the book is printed in CHINA ... Whitman has sunk to a new low on this one.Buy any other book other than this one if you really want to use it.The poorest book that Whitman has ever offered , lets hope it 's not theirstandard for the future .
 It was poor at best . It was all black and white , no color . I would n't recommend it to anyone .
 The seller misplaced my books . Could it be they offered it too cheaply or just poor record keeping ?
 I had thought that my 5 years old loves this book as the pictures are big and great along with the information ... . Yes , information is very important for those ages since they observe very quickly . First , we need updated information on it . This book was published 2001 . During the course of this past decade , there have been so many changes happened . I take my boy to Smithonian Air and Space museum and he naturally learned the updated information . In matter fact , my boy pointed out some of it . For example , ` Black Hawk ' has been retired long time ago . -LRB- but this book says that the plane is active so as Space Shuttle . -RRB- If you are looking for the kids who loves airplanes , but not looking for the aculate information beside the great photos , this will be a wonderful book . If DK makes updated edition , it would be GREAT .
 i have to admit the author did a good job of writing it , but ive read better books.mary anne is nice but i wish shed just get over logan.in the other books he , like , ran her life.i think it was a good idea to bring sunny & MA together in 1 book .
 This book also appears under the title
 Poorly organised and written , interminable yarns from his stables , and one not particularly original idea -LRB- willing cooperation is better than coercion -RRB- . There is one practical application offered , the positive and negative contract blackboards for children , which may be worth a try.The horse starting/breaking stuff is interesting -LRB- if you have n't heard it before -RRB- but also frustrating because he leaves out so much detail . For example he keeps referring to giving horses the choice of joining up or work , but does n't say what work for an unbroken horse means .
 I bought this book thinking this would be about horse sense for people about horses ... but its not about horses . Which had me confused ... its about ` horse ' sense for people ? Whatever . I did n't end up finishing this book .
 By now , probably most of you have heard of the scandal about James Frey 's Oprah Book Club bestseller , `` A Million Little Pieces . '' As it turns out , the book , published as an autobiography , has been disclosed by thesmokinggun.com to be fiction.Debra Ristau , coauthor of `` Horse Whispers & Lies '' , the expose about her cousin , said that many people have contacted her with regard to the Frey issue 's relevance to her book and Monty 's own allegedly false autobiography.She and her mother Joyce Renebome have now -LRB- Jan. 31 , 2006 -RRB- returned their book to their website . Some used print copies are still available through Amazon.com . Apparently , the authors also plan to copy their documentation for their book to the web , which will be a herculean task , due to the volume of material they collected.See the book HORSE WHISPERS & LIES complete and online and free at http://www.horsewhispersandlies.com/index.htmlFrom the home page : > Monty Roberts
 I am a graduate student in organizational development . Although this book has some good underlying concepts , I found most of the book hard to follow and not very engaging . It was often difficult to see how many of the concepts actually apply to organizations . There may be good ideas , but they often get lost in the rambling chapters .
 This is a fantastic book for those people who are slowly losing their grip on reality . While some of the basic underlying concepts are good I do n't find myself practically applying the concept of psychic prisons to my organisation , nor do I view my staff as ameobas that make up a large organism . I have to admit though that I know of others who found the paradyme of organisations as instruments of domination highly arousing .
 From the view point of a sixteen year old who was assigned this book for school reading it is not very interesting . Although some things like prohibition and the womens rights are fun to read and learn about most of the book is so boring . Would not recommend .
 Although I have enjoyed Carey 's past Trek novels I found this one to be a bit dull . Voyager 's strength is in its ' ensemble cast . Writing an entire book around one character -LRB- Janeway -RRB- with no interaction with other crew members is a mistake . And why give so much attention to aliens ? I thought a requirement for Trek novel publication was to adhere to Trek characters ... not base an entire story on non Trek characters . If I buy a Star Trek book I want to read a story with STAR TREK CHARACTERS . Are you reading this Pocket Books ?????
 the `` fire ship '' actualy goes down in flames . the beginning of the book is n't understandable and does n't match the tv episodes in any way . the story itself is n't fluent and does n't catch the reader . the book could have been writen as a reguler book with more success and not as a `` captain 's table '' episode . it misses the actual atmosphere of a story told in a bar -LRB- e.g. `` the mist '' -RRB- . the book is also acompanied with many spelling and grammer erorrs . i hope carey will do better with her next book .
 The book was really written by Craig 's mother Barb , that is why the one review picked up on the depression . His mother has always denied her son 's problems . This is sad and hopefully someday she will come to the realization he will never be normal . Craig has competed everything with her by his side , she guides his hand on the keyboard , she speaks for him -LRB- which is really just her talking -RRB- , basically she has completed school for him . Craig is a sweet person and he has a wonderful caring family . Hopefully someday his mother will come to terms with his physical and mental disabilities , when she does , it will help Craig more .
 Not what I expected . Done by someone else quality was poor print was poor was not put together well at all
 Hi allConsidering that these recipes are used to get the body ready to cure itself , they need to be tested by GERON . I tried the zuchini and rice recipe and was amazed that it did not state how much liquid to use . After the required 1.5 hours in the oven the rice was a mess.So , I placed all the ingrediants in the pot and cooked with water added 2 cups of it . Then it was fine . Obviously GERON had not used the recipe.IDIOTS as usual.Why ca n't people do it right?Capt GP
 I found this text to be amateurish and of little value . I can find more information on line or in the other Gerson material .
 Nothing in this joke of a book that did not come with my juicer . They should be ashamed of themselves . Ripping people off who are looking for help .
 not what i thought it would be , not for me could be for you , read description very carefully , make sure before you purchase - not to waste money
 Color cover leads one to believe this a quality booklet ... Wrong ... it is type writer printed pages that should be made available on the internet for FREE . Very dispointed and very misleading .
 Disappointed looking for a published book on the diet and this was someones home made version of the Gerson diet not a published book .
 -LRB- I keep finding good reviews of things here so this is some balance -RRB- . After the summary there 's not a lot more to say really . The plot is lifted from elsewhere which would not be bad if RH had done something interesting with it . Instead it just plods along with an array of poorly drawn characters -LRB- particularly the women -RRB- , lazy plotting and appallingly clumsy writing . And no - the politics is not the problem ... Like being caught in a bar by your boring old uncle Ralph who really , really wants to tell you a story ... . Dire . -LRB- Amazon
 This Hugo award winning novel shows its age . Characters are using slide rules and fingerprints to prove their points . Not to mention the Martians running around Earth and Mars . Very talky not much else going on . Lots of fiction very little science or imagination . More of a character study of a man 's blossoming from a self-centered oaf to a world leader . Really a pretty basic fish out of water becomes a hero story . Not a whole lot of literary value here . I consider this book a waste of time . Not even a good escape novel .
 This book has two main sections . The first deals with Darwin and his views on science and religion . The second addresses a motley group of issues , such as the relation of religion to biology , and early opinions about evolution . Unfortunately , there is little in this book to interest most readers . The creation/evolution debate is barely covered at all , except to a slight degree in the last chapter . Most of the contributers do not specialize in either science or religion , and write with the assumption that their readers think as they do . The result is a boring book with little to say about anything , and of interest to few outside of narrow academic circles . Those interested in the creation/evolution debate should go elsewhere for their reading .
 Some famous author was being interviewed and was asked what book he might currently be reading . It was this Alice Munro book , so I just had to read it . After 3 chapters I could n't find a logical outcome for the story line and the chapters did not interrelate . I tossed this book . I will always remember it as a book of stories that go nowhere and test your patience along the way.R.S .
 I would only recommend this book if you have trouble sleeping at night and need a sedative . It was all I could do to get through 2 of the short stories .
 I picked up this book from an airport bookstore . I am a regular reader of short novels published on New Yorker and seems most stories in this book were published there , according to the introduction . I have to admit that I still could not understand why Ms. Munro is such a big figure in North America 's modern literature world . The stories are full of too many pieces of ordinariness and dullness , and make you feel the heaviness of your life . Her stories makes you feel like , `` Why do I have to read in words about some DULL things I 've seen/experienced in my life ? '' By the way , I 've lived in eastern Canada for 9 years and have very warm feeling towards that region.And her writing is also so plain and REGULAR ! -LRB- I love Peter Mayle 's style , by the way , which makes you appreciate English as a language so much . -RRB- Perhaps this has nothing to do with Ms. Munro but my personal reading preferences .
 First , let me say that I 'm a huge fan of Munro . Let me say that `` Open Secrets '' is THE book -LRB- okay , one of the books -RRB- I recommend to people for books that I love . And most of her early stuff ai n't bad either . Let me say that as a way to lighten my negative opinion about this book . I think this book can be summed up by one of the characters in the first story -LRB- I 'm paraphrasing -RRB- who 's thinking about how as she got older she realized that life took more than she had and left her with less . -LRB- Something to that effect . -RRB- These stories read as if this were Munro 's problem too , as if she 's given her best and now she 's still got to give more and she 's out of gas . The stories seem tired . Case in point
 This book was disappointing and annoying . The plot was so contrived that it was difficult at times to figure out what was going on . It seemed like an exercise for the author to display how well read and erudite he is . I plowed through it , but was never convinced by the characters or the plot .
 It has to admitted right up front that this is not a book I would ever have chosen to read on my own . However , as it was a selection for our bookgroup , I plowed in , and unlike many others in the group , finished it . Now , I 'm sure that there is a demographic somewhere , for whom these eight stories really resonate and connect with -- but it sure is n't me . Set in the mid-1940s through the 1980s , the stories -LRB- five of which were first published in The New Yorker -RRB- take place in Munro 's own milieu
 There are a lot of areas that home inspectors need to know that are not mentioned . If you know nothing about inspections then you could learn a few pointers from this book . If you have some knowledge already then there are other books that would be a much better choice than this one . Some areas in the book were wrong . I would read the other books in this field before buying this one .
 I do n't recommend this book due to many incorrect observations and information noted in the chapters . I was very surprised that this book was recommended by other readers because there were many mistakes and errors in the book . Some important topics were discussed incorrectly and others were too brief . To find out and confirm this I gave this book to several local real estate contractors and they pointed out many other errors in this book that even I was unaware of . They explained to me how many things discussed in the book were outdated or not relevant .
 The only time I would write a negative review if I think a book has been over rated . This book is definitely over rated . My husband and I are real estate investors and continually read books to improve our profits . We both felt this book was too basic and we did not get helpful information . We go to monthly meetings for investors in our county and this is one of the books on the `` do n't buy '' list on our bulletin board !
 There are incorrect items written about in a number of the topics discussed in this book . When you buy a book you want to know you paid for correct advice and information . Some items were helpful but I wonder how many other issues are wrong that I did n't check into further .
 Due to inaccurate information in this book , I agree with some of the other book reviewers that this book is on unstable ground . Why buy a book about home inspections if you have to get other books to find out the correct information ? After reading this book I too found that many topics discussed were inaccurate and therefore unreliable . I too regret purchasing the book .
 I have been a home inspector for many years and can tell you that the advice and other information in this book is old and was published 10 years ago . There are many items mentioned in the book that are incorrect either because they are outdated or just plain wrong ! I often read home inspection books since I 'm in the business and this one was very over rated and I would not recommend it to any of my clients .
 Some information in this book is good , however much appears on `` shaky '' ground . A few items are not accurate . I regret purchasing the book .
 If you are looking for a book that will teach you a lot about real estate and home inspections then this is not the book for you . The chapter information and text content of this book was very basic and did not teach me anything I did n't already learn from other books that were much better . Inspecting homes is something I have done for many years and I would not recommend this book to any customers or contractors . If you know absolutely nothing about real estate then you might learn a few things but not too much .
 We have a home inspection business and I read many books on real estate topics . This book was OK but certainly not worth recommending to our inspection clients . Some of the topics discussed are irrelevant to home inspections - such as mold ! There were many topics lacking in the amount of information the author provided . Maybe if you do n't know anything about houses or construction you might learn a little bit from this book . If you have a novice level of knowledge about house inspections then you should buy a different book since this book wo n't teach you anything new .
 The author needs to get educated and start living in the 90 's ! She thinks her opinion is the right opinion and that she speaks for all women and children ! She doesnt speak for me ! Of all the horrors going on in the world , this is all she can complain about ? What a waste of time !
 Although this text may be of assistance to some , it may also be used incorrectly and the criteria set forth in the DSM-IV-R is stringent , complete , and also complex . Do not confuse this edition for the one you will need when working the psych ward or in higher education seeking a degree in a psych or psychiatric related field .
 I bought this book hoping to learn MS Project Server workflow from a functional utilization perspective . While the book covers the features , it fails miserably to connecting the dots in a clear manner . This has diminished this book to a reference guide . In the next edition , take note . Make the security model more clear . Make the portfolio feature more clear , etc. , etc. , etc. I have worked with many epm tools in a similar manner as a field consultant and this book as written for MS Project Server does not advance the practice.On a brighter note , you have a strong foundation , wear the shoes of a PMO leader to gain better understanding of what content is required in your next edition .
 This work contains over 800 pages of densly packed information . However at least 600 of those pages are directed towards system administrators who are implementing MS Project Server , not towards Project Managers who wish to use the tool.I purchased the book thinking it would help me use features such as Project Analyzer , Project Center , etc. . Less than 140 pages are oriented towards the user . Those pages that are directed towards users describe each feature in detail , but do n't present them in the context that a project manager would find appealing . For example , what I would like to know is
 Unfortunately , not as good as I hoped and not what it promised to be.Plus , he was arrested for burning an American flag at a college campus - after all that he 's done and what has been done for him.Very unfortunate .
 I 'm getting married again after 20 years of being single & was looking for relevant advice . It was not to be found in this book . It 's a very traditional stodgy book for people who are afraid to break the rules . There are better choices out there . Hint
 This book is hilarious , evidently written toungue-in-cheek . It is also at least to some extent fictitious , regarding her personal experiences , so perhaps it is best read as such.One example of this is that she states her fourth husband `` Bill '' ` has no children of his own ' . This is untrue . He has three children he adopted and then chose to walk out on . Perhaps Ms. Nettleton was unaware of this fact at the time her book went to print . That would , however , not really speak well to her doing due diligence on her suitors before marrying them !
 The author is verbose to the point of dull . I had to return this book because I did n't want to spend any more time on it . Here 's an example of her utter wordiness : Many of us know how to get what we want . But all too often , we do n't know what we want ! We are taught such skills as reading a map to get from here to there . We are shown how to read , how to write , and how to add . We are installed with an idea that life is tough and resources are few . We are advised to look out for number one and win at all costs . Millions of dollars are spend on career counseling to help us analyze ourselves and go after the hottest jobs so that we can plug in somewhere and be as productive as possible . We are taught that to get from A to C , you have to go through B . We are taught ... `` Seriously , she goes on for another half a paragraph , saying the most mundane , simplistic , unhelpful things . I got to the point where I was skipping more than I was reading . Do yourself a favor and read the The God Academy by Angelica Crystal Powers instead .
 I could n't even finish reading this book . I read the back of it and some reviews and got really excited to read it . When I got it though I read about half way through and then quit . It just could n't keep my attention , I did n't see enough value in it for the size that it was , maybe if it was condensed down to around 60 pages without all the needless stories .
 Sigh . I thought this book was going to be very good based upon the reviews , and expected it to contain lots of exercises for developing intuition . I thought it was a workbook , but it 's not . It 's basically a collection of really long stories about other people from far away lands who discovered their soul mate while drinking tea in a zen garden , or that were offered a great job out of nowhere after completing university in India and touring the country to feed the poor -LRB- hard to do if you yourself are poor and lack education -RRB- . It is about people with names like boona cheena -LRB- she prefers her name be spelled in lowercase letters . I know this because the author of this fascinating book told me so -RRB- . Some of the stories are inspiring , and there are useful techniques in this book , but the problem is that the techniques are buried . Buried in language that appears overly flowery in its attempt to convey spirituality . Example - the author on boona cheena
 I have always liked the way that Leslie Abramson handles herself as well as being a fairly big fan of her courtroom practices . So , I went into this book with some preconceived biases . Well , they were all proven wrong.Abramson is an extremely intelligent woman , and an excellent attorney , but her writing , as well as that of Richard Flaste , is quite dry and rather boring . She has some nice stories to tell , but the manner in which she delivers them is undeniably dull.The book clearly had no cogent flow to it whatsoever . The book was somewhat hard to get through , but I read on , hoping it lead to something better . But , it truly did n't . I gave the book two stars simply because the information on the cases , and the behind the scenes stuff was pretty interesting . Unfortunately , that is all this book really has to offer you .
 I have to question the factuality of the stories written in this book . My family is the subject of one of the stories Leslie chose to discuss in detail within her book . I have to say I was shocked and infuriated to find my family story , including names and a picture sent to Leslie in a Christmas card , printed without our consent or knowledge . After the initial shock I sat down to read the book and was again outraged at the many erroneous facts intertwined in our brief story . I have to wonder if she even looked at our file or if she just tried to pull from memory and/or embelish this brief condensed story of our life . I do not know all the laws governing what you can or ca n't print in an autobiography , but I would think that if you were writing about other people 's lives , you should have to state the facts and be able to substantiate those facts with documentation . I know that the 6 pages of this book dedicated to my life story has so many fabricated and outright false statements , it is impossible for me to read any of the other stories with any degree of faith that what I am reading is the Real story ! I would recommend that anyone who reads this book takes it for what it is , an autobiography about Leslie Abramson . Do not read it to understand the subjects of her cases or what the Real facts behind their cases were .
 This attorney either gets way too emotionally attached to her clients or she fashioned her syrupy prose in an artifical effort to win new ones . Numerous convicted drug dealers , murderers , and other felons are inexplicably canonized in this self-serving , turgid memoir . A criminal defense attorney 's calling is indeed a noble one , but should stop well short of the glorification and/or rationalization of the criminal element that seeps throughout this book . A few nuggets on trial preparation , tactics , and strategy can be gleaned by a careful reader ; however , books such as Black 's Law and The Trial Lawyers provide richer insight and are far more credible .
 I 'm really shocked that no one mentioned the fact that Brad says wearing high heels is a good way to work your calves ! No mention whatsoever that high heels cause bad posture , increase your risk of injury to ankle/knee/lower back . There are so many other ways to work your calves!Also , the book shows overhead shoulder presses with the bar behind the back , which is widely considered to be dangerous . Several of the pictures for squats & lunges show the front knee bending beyond the ankle & toes . Even a basic body sculpting class at a gym will give you that form pointer . Further , deadlifts , which can be really dangerous if done improperly , are shown with the head down & back rounded -- totally wrong form.I 'm not a doctor or PT or weight training snob ... But I 've used three different PTs before , and have spent not an insignficant amount of time reading various strength training sources on theweb , and I 've never seen any of these moves/forms recommended.I bought the book b/c I thought it would help me come up with my own routines . It does seem helpful in that regard -LRB- hence 1 star as opposed to 0 -RRB- , but the egregious errors make me worry about everything else in the book . If you 're using this book , go to a * good * PT to check your form !
 I expecteded this book to contain exercises which I could do at home , but they required professional equipment , which I can not access . If you want a book to each you how to use exercise equipment , buy it , otherwise , do n't .
 It has nice basic information for someone new to weight training , but with titles like `` toning and sculpting '' its difficult to take seriously . No new information here - its no different from what I learned reading Muscle & Fitness Hers magazine . The pictures , especially the cover photo , are totally out of place . They feature models that look out of shape , either because they are far too thin with no muscle or because they appear flabby . Not very inspirational . I also agree with the others who wrote that the book appeared hastily put together . I felt like I could have written it .
 As far as weight training goes , this is not really the best books out there . I gave it two stars simply because it gives an alternative to what similar exercises can be done at home if you 're not at the gym , or if you do n't have access to a gym -LRB- while traveling , for example -RRB- . But even this is not enough . It seems that the book is hastily compiled . I would like to comment also about the models used in the book - personally , the do n't have the look of someone working out or anything , with the impractical long coiffed hair and all that , that sometimes hid an essential part of the form during the exercise , like the shoulder . It would be more realistic to dress them as regular gym-goers do - like tying their hair up , for example , instead of having them look as if they 're going to a pub . It 's just irritating and unappealing.Plus , I agree with what one of the readers said about bad form in the book . Like I said , this book could be improved .
 This is not the book for someone who likes a no nonsense , easy to read book on fitness . This is also not the book for some one who plans to workout at home . And finally this si not the book for someone who is just beginning . The text is condense and boring . Not what I was looking for .
 I bought this book along with several others to learn about strength and fitness for life . Although perhaps I might have known it from the title , this book is not about the fitness you will need for daily life . This book is about how to build an exercise program in order to adore yourself in the mirror . I personally find that thought revolting , so the book is n't really for me . That said , ... This book does a good job of outlining a flexible exercise program that can easily be adjusted to meet anyone 's needs . It outlines the basic muscles that need to be worked . Then , each program has slots for each muscle group . So , fill in an exercise for chest muscles , another for ham-strings , etc. . From the standpoint of building a program , this may be the easiest and simplest book I have come across . This is also the only book I have seen that actually treats women 's issues in particular . Things such as time of the month , or pregnancy , can affect how your exercise program works . Unlike other books , this author has recommendations for dealing with those issues.The author also recommends using the mirror to determine what goals you wish to set for yourself.What is not in this book are the why 's
 If you 're new to weight training , this might be good for you because there 's a lot of description and pictures . If you 're a little more advanced , you might want to pass - there 's nothing new in here , and some of the suggestions are a little old school for me .
 After espousing as fact that women lack focus and are distracted by esteem issues , this book then proceeds to train you exactly as if you were a man . The reason women get bigger is because they train isolated muscles at too high a weight - that is n't the kind of body most women want , which is why I got a book specific to women in the first place .
 I could not believe how outdated this book seems to be . I opened it and to my horror it was terrible . The exercises are elementary at best and not explained well at all . I ca n't believe someone published this book .
 This was not a great book , This reader envies and admires the author being able to return to Columbia College and partake in the `` Great Books Program '' . The author could not maintain this reader 's attention . Many passages from the classics seemed to drone on , peppered with some side-light descriptions of the author 's younger `` college aged '' classmates . I can see by the number of five star reviews that this book was a hit with many readers . I thought it provided a narrow scope on classic literature . The book I read previous to this book was Harold Bloom 's `` The Western Cannon '' . Harold Bloom gives concrete examples and rules why a book should be considered a classic in Western Literature . This book by David Denby offers a more intuitive approach . I recommend Harold Bloom 's book instead .
 My objection to this book mainly stems from Denby 's shallow and misinformed views about Conrad 's `` Heart of Darkness '' and its two well-spoken critics Chinua Achebe and Edward Said . Denby can not swallow the truth that Conrad 's work is overtly racist and at best fuctions as a limited remonstration against European imperialism . Denby , who should stick to his day job as a `` movie critic '' , shows a biased and uneducated understanding about the work of post-colonial criticism .
 David Denby 's need to validate his life as a movie reviewer results in this prescribed reading list which is not very different from the officially approved culture of say Harold Bloom , the N.E.A. or Jessie Helms . As a teacher 's pet Denby try 's to fuse radically different media to bolster his reputation among urban liberal effectuaters who read the New Yorker & `` high end '' low life rags like Talk .
 OK , I think I can shoot my mouth off here since I attended Columbia University at the same time as Denby and was forced to take the same classes that he took . I give it one-star because I think the book is fluff and that you should read the texts themselves in context and not in a self-serving , self-congratulating work such as this . First of all , while I do agree that some of the works were great , the fact is a lot of us simply did n't read or understand most of them . Columbia is full of uptight , competitive students who went out and bought Cliff 's Notes-type study aides to ensure they got an `` A '' in class rather than absorb anything substantive or meaningful . Secondly , I had two T.A. 's teaching the classes -- one who nearly swooned when she quoted a passage from Thackeray -- and they could n't teach worth jack . I spent most of the time doodling and trying to make the time pass during those excruciatingly boring classes . I 'm sure the 19-year old Denby felt the same way . Finally , we have to realize how much power Denby yields as a writer who can give the final say while nominally addressing their arguments . For e.g. , he dismisses an African American student , a Comp Lit Prof and others who have legitimate complaints about the Core Curriculum by being able to reconstruct and present the dialogue and conversations from HIS point of view . That 's part of the problem with CC inthe first place , is n't it ? It 's always the opinion of a select view that gets the most visibility and credence . For an insightful critique of the Western Canon , read Robert Scholes ' `` The Rise and Fall of English . `` While I do think much of the works of literature in the program are important and great , Denby 's opinion and evaluation of them are still contrived , constructed opinions problematically dressed up as an argument for a `` Greatest Hits '' of Western Literature curriculum . As one of the many students who found the courses boring and uninspiring , his argument for institutionalizing a Western canon in colleges strikes me as humorous given my real-life experiences with it .
 Almost every book that Denby defends so wholeheartedly in this book is worth reading . Still , his exploration of the culture debates seems superficial . He is able to attend these classes and come out with basically the same opinions with which he left , having absorbed nothing of the justifiable rage of groups left out of the `` core curriculum '' , smugly sure that the books he grew up with are the best that are out there . His dismissal of the liberal students ' concern as `` tragically mistaken '' seems glib and self-satisfied , and the book is tainted by the bias of its author , whose purpose -LRB- to re-educate himself , to find himself -RRB- is defeated from the start by his closed-mindedness .
 I took up this book with no preconceptions , just positive review from people I knew , as a book that might help me find a way to personally rediscover classic book reading in adulthood . I ended up enrolling for the first time in my life in a class on feminism . Female readers
 I did n't read the book for the classics , I 'm not much interested in them . But I was very interested in the experience of going back to university and if his real-world experiences / age would make a difference of how he perceives university education -LRB- both in form and content -RRB- . We only get very little of this in the 5 page epilogue . I think that should have been the main focus of the bow . It 's like the film critic forgot -LRB- or was unable to -RRB- to criticize -LRB- that is
 I 've taken seven accounting classes as an MBA student and this was the most incomprehensible textbook by far . The writing was difficult to understand , the end-of-chapter problems were impossible , and the typesetting font caused eyestrain . I went so far as to obtain the teacher 's supplement , but it was still no aid to understanding . There were CPAs in my class who were confounded by this book .
 As a senior executive and MBA student in a top 10 program I found this book to be one of , if not the worse textbook I have ever had to work with . It is nearly impossible to read , it lacks crucial information and explanation of the topic . The exercises are endlessly longwinded , and are not helpful in understanding the material . The presentation , i.e. , font and layout are objectionable and make it all the less desirable . This is an expensive book that offered no value whatsoever to my work at learning this material . Others in my program expressed similar views of the book . -LRB- If possible I 'd give it no stars . -RRB-
 For someone with just the basic knowledge of accounting or finance , this book would certainly pose a challenge - especially with the case problems .
 Students in search of a good book on financial statements should look at `` The analysis and Use of financial statements '' from White/Sondhi/Fried . Professor Stickney seems more interested in making money than in writing a decent book
 If you would like to learn more about Financial Statement Analysis , this should probably not a right book of you . The author have put many simple ideas into complicated words , not to mention the poor demonstration of cases . The examples are based on too much assumptions , but the basis for these assumptions are not clearly explained -LRB- which should be one of the most crucial parts -RRB- . In addition , the questions in the `` industry analysis '' are set by the answer , -LRB- that means he already know company A is an airline , company B is a computer manufacturer , then he merely give the financial statements to you , and analyse it as if he doesnt know which company was in which industry -RRB- , so he must be able find his way to draw his conclusion -- that A 's statement is A , B 's statement is B , no matter how similar the two statements are . Ridiculous!By the way , What you can learn from this book can be found on the internet , without charge.The book does not deserve its price .
 Keppel is obviously a very intelligent man with vast experience in serial murder investigation , and at the forefront of his field . The book explores some very interesting concepts through the use of many famous investigations . However , Keppel seems to write with a real lack of emotion , which I guess is necessary in his job . Which is why he should stick with that job instead of trying to be a writer . The lack of emotion made it feel like I was reading a calculus textbook . Keppel also seems to repeat himself over and over throughout the different chapters . This only adds to the boredom .
 I am curious about one thing
 I found that in at least one case mentioned in this book , information given to readers was not necessarily true . Was this book written after researching past newspaper articles or was it really from experience ? I now realize how John Q. Public is lead by the nose into believing whatever hype will sell . Once again , the public is lead on a lynching , without the complete truth available . Look out for the boogyman - he still makes money for some people . I am disappointed in the book , knowing that if one case was based on public hype , how can I believe anything else in the book ?
 Business books tend to gravitate toward one of two poles
 I borrowed this from the library before buying , and am I ever glad I did n't shell out the money for this program . The music is tinny and the singing tuneless . The words are more often shouted than sung . The children 's pronunciation is awful , even to my non-native ear . Finally , the constant back-and-forth between French and English only confuses ; immersion in the target language is the better choice , particularly for children . ...
 I purchased this audio book to have fun with my daughter , listening to the songs in another language . First , the pronunciation is not clear . I believe that a language audio tape must have extra crystal clear pronunciation . The voice of the boy who sings in this tape is not as clean as the ones from any of the Barney tapes . I would not know it is because of the recording , but when the songs are in chorus , the pronunciation gets worse . I have zero idea about French , but I do not think it is entirely my fault that I can not sing any part along when I try to pronounce any words . A girl or a woman who can sing like a little girl would have been a better choice . Second , the songs are neither popular nor easy ones . I do not know whether they are popular in France , or just I never heard of the songs . In any case , my daughter instantly lost interest even though I made her listen to the tape twice . -LRB- It was her first non-English tape . -RRB- Third , the way of how the songs are sung is not as fun . The songs are sung in English and French alternatively , and I think it reduces the fun . My daughter loves the songs like the Barney songs and Miss Mary Mac that are organized in a way that keeps children interested . In this tape , mostly one boy or the chorus of boys sings in a similar way throughout . It may be suitable for who already know French .
 As a hardcore , die-hard Tim Burton fan I was very excited to get my hands on this book and start reading . The more I can learn about my favorite film maker - as an artist and person , the better . After reading Ken Hanke 's unauthorized biography on Mr. Burton , I had learned so much about the man and his films . Hanke did an amazing job with the book.When I picked up this book today , and saw that it also contained a foreword by Martin Landau , and an afterword by Rick Heinrichs , I really was excited . Also , after reading on a Tim Burton fan site that this book was the best auto-biography to have been published so far , I was expecting A LOT . Unfortunately , it did not live up to the hype.Not that Smith and Matthews did not put any effort into the book - I believe they put a lazy effort in cause it just does not deliver . The book is divided into chapters on each Burton film , yet it does not go the traditional route . Each chapter is broken up into categories that the authors feel each Burton film contains
 I hope the Portuguese version is better than the English translation . Read in English only if someone powerful makes you do it .
 Let 's start with facts first1 . JC did a bad investment in TheStreet.Com , a money losing proposal .2 . JC is quitting his job of managing hedge funds , and turn to journalism.My personal investing experiences tell me that , as an investor , when you hear a journalist tell you a story , you laugh at it , as you do n't invest in the jokes . Books you probably could learn or should learn from are real classic books by Jesse Livermore -LRB- speculation legend -RRB- , or Richard D Wyckoff -LRB- Accumulation and distribution theory , millionaire -RRB- , or Buffeit -LRB- A true billionaire -RRB- . You do n't want to learn investing from people whose major is journalism.JC ca n't survive in this market , he still talks about it .
 Is there really such a thing as out smarting wall street ? They could have easily titled this book how to buy stocks that go up and short stocks that go down . Remember this book is from folks who do n't know how to make profit in the business they run ? Do you really want to learn how to invest from these people ?
 Most of what is in this book has been said before . I just love the title . I do n't think smart and the Internet era go together too well and the New Economy idea has come and gone . The authors of this book are probably very young and with youth comes inexperience in financial markets . The Street.com is a web site dedicated to financial information -LRB- like this book I think -RRB- , but The Street.com has never made money and the company 's stock is a penny stock . The Street 's so-called experts write about about making money , but do n't you think that if they really knew how to do this they would have made money themselves . Better luck next time . Save your money .
 The Street.com is just another overhyped dot-com company that could n't keep its own financial house afloat so why take financial advice from a failure?You also have to wonder whether the 5-star ratings are all supplied by Street.com employees who are trying to look out for their own financial futures and jobs.BTW
 It takes forever to come . I even emailed the owner and said I needed the book ASAP , still took 2 weeks to get to me . If they would have put it in regular mail right away if would have gotten to me within a week . Really disappointed .
 The book addresses the emigration movement that was started in Morocco by locals looking for work in Europe as well as the smuggling and musical influences present in the Rif region . Unfortunately the issues addressed seem to be taken from a purely Western perspective . David McMurray has attempted to transplant himself into a unique culture and draw many conclusions based upon his limited experiences and conversations with a few of the locals in Nador . The style of writing relied on many rambling recollections of scatterred conversaions and absurd assumptions made by McMurray during his stay in Morocco . I would not have even read this book , but it was required for a class that he teaches at Oregon State University . Needless to say , I fell asleep no less than fifteen times while reading the first five chapters of the book . I would not recommend reading this book unless it is required to complete the essay assigned in his class .
 David McMurray requires that students enrolled in his ANTH 210 course , Musics of Resistance , buy this book . Students are required to read it so that they can complete a little 15 point assignment . The book has nothing to do with the course , which focuses on different types of music in different cultures . The only real reason I can find for this requirement is so that the students of OSU are forced to purchase his book to increase how much money he recieves .
 Mr. McMurray and his constituents in the Anthropology dept. at OSU choose the curriculum for ANTH 210 , which is a required baccalaureate core class.Mr . McMurray and his constituents chose this book , along with another of Mr. McMurray 's books as REQUIRED TEXTS , along with a book titled `` Catch Fire . `` It is my opinion that this book was made mandatory for two reasons : - It fits in with this cookie-cutter class , which has n't been updated in years - The anthropology department and Mr. McMurray make money for every book sold
 Unfortunately i was not impressed by this book , i had heard so many great things and bought it based on reviews , and my love of nature - but i have picked this book up three different times and can not get into it , i just find it boring . I am not a nature hater , i have a bird feeder , a bird bath , a dog and a cat as pets , I love animals and can stare at the birds at the feeder for a long time , infact that is much more entertaining to me than this slow moving , boring book . I will pass it on to a friend , and hopefully they can find the magic in the book that i was unable to appreciate . i just found it to be too dry .
 I bought this book based on the many good reviews , and was sadly disappointed . While I commend Ms Holmes on her thoroughness and attention to detail , this book was missing the humour I was looking for . As I was reading this book I kept wishing it had been written by Bill Bryson .
 while i liked some interesting facts , i was shocked at her advocating killing sparrows and happy at starlings killed , killing wild animals just cause we dont like them is not right and shouldnt be glorified-or ecommended!not thier fault thier born here , shocked at this approach
 Golf club components have changed considerably since this book was published . Many of the conclusions are arrived at through small sample testing -LRB- three different lengths of ideal shafts and concluding one of them is ideal -RRB- and are inaccurate for today 's components . I would recommend anything by Dave Pelz or Tom Wishon rather than this book .
 Okay , I studied this book in college . Yes , the class had to pick it apart it over a school quarter . I have been over it and over it and read it forward and backwards , and I really do n't see the appeal . -LRB- I grew up on the prairie , so do n't go there . -RRB- All I can see is a nagging , terrified and unintelligent -LRB- to put it kindly -RRB- wife driving her husband to the grave . If that is what passes for good literature , it is lost on me . I 'll go back to reading Dickens and Hemingway . Sorry , but I have read better books everywhere I have gone . This is a deeply depressing and dreary story . That 's about all I can say . I just ca n't like it , no matter how hard I try . Maybe it is for Steinbeck fans ? If you like `` Of mice and Men '' and `` The grapes of Wrath '' this might just be for you ...
 My 10th grade classmates and I were tortured with having to study this book in high school . Yes it 's memorable , as the most boring and painfully slow read ever . Even war and peace was a joy compared to this `` epic bore '' . I grew up in North Dakota so i know what living in the prairie is like . I know the hard winters and the need to be thrifty . The book was made into a movie which is equally painful . Let 's cut to the end where the relief comes with the main character dying of hypothermia by a haystack , frozen to death . Ahhh blessed mercy of death from a painful existance . Sorry Mr. Upton -LRB- my English teacher back then -RRB- your literary taste is lost on me .
 I have two problems with this book
 If you 're looking for just a book that will give information on paganism with little personal connections , this book is for you.If you 're looking to paganism for a personal spiritual journey , this book is definitely NOT for you.I picked up this book at the library and could n't get very far.It definitely was n't the information that caused me to put it down , as that seemed very accurate and helpful , it was the tone . I felt my stomach turn as it put comparisons to pop culture -LRB- many of which I did not understand or see the ` great connection ' to many pagan ideas I 've found in other books -RRB- . I felt this kind of tarnished the intimacy I feel in researching paganism , making this book more superficial than I could handle.I should have realized from the title `` Idiots Guide '' but I was hoping it would have more layman language on the subject , rather than comparisons to recent pop culture and a dance of joke-like facts.If you 're looking for something with more spiritual guidance , please check outA Book of Pagan Prayer.Hope I helped give someone more insight into this book.Thanks !
 Good for someone who knows absolutely nothing about paganism in general and has no idea which path they are interested in . Or good as a research tool for someone comparing different paths for a school project maybe . This book lightly touches on some paths -LRB- Druids , Wicca , etc. -RRB- but does not have much in depth info . From my little bit of research on the internet , I already knew that much or more about the different paths that the author mentioned .
 I bought this book knowing very little of Paganism . McColman did not give me a wonderful first impression of the religion . His book is comprised of what many Pagans would call `` fluffy bunny '' philosophy , as well as historical misinformation and the occasional bashing of monotheism as a way of making his own path look good . To anyone looking at this book to learn about the Pagan 's spiritual path
 A friend of mine purchased this book at a library for two dollars . Those two dollars are what we like to call `` The best worst 2 dollars ever spent '' . This book is horrible . Horrible in writing , plot , and character development . The things that happen in this book are so overreacted , disgusting , and unnecessary that it deems this book unworthy to read , in fact `` The Other World '' should be cast into a deep pit . Even then the monsters down there would find it . On that note , it 's also really funny in a disgusting , horrible , unredeeming way . Raphael is about an aspiring rich transvestite teen , who has an evil relationship with his limo driver . Halloween Day -LRB- or whatever it 's called -RRB- is about vampires from what I can gather . I forgot some of the other names of the stories , but my favorite one is about a kid who rapes his victims in a variety halloween masks , and then performs a coup d'etat on himself while wearing a rambo mask.In all , I love this book with a sick passion . I will leave you with the best quote in the book : * cries * `` I JUST WANTED TO GO FISHING , DAMMIT ! ''
 The review from Booklist promises much . All the subjects mentioned in the review are indeed there , but somehow the author managed to make them much less interesting than they could be . Maybe it really is SOMETIMES funny , but I 'd rather read Irvine Welsh 's Acid House or Ecstasy .
 This has got to be one of the worst attempts at ethnography by a supposed native -LRB- yeah , like ` Adams ' is a really Persian surname -RRB- that I have ever read.The author lies throughout the entire book . He claims to have been raised in a Nestorian Christian community in Persia , but to have never been exposed to the Bible except through an outsider -LRB- ! -RRB- . He is obviously completely ignorant of the Qu ` ran , which he never quotes , but that does n't stop him from making the most outrageous statements about Persian culture and claiming that `` The Koran -LSB- sic -RSB- tells them to do it . '' He claims that the peoples ' inherent fatalism prevents them from seeking remedies against disease , as that disease is supposed to be due to the will of God , then in the very next paragraph he goes on about how ignorant and ineffectual the remedies of the local doctors are!Such bald-faced duplicity is due to the massive axe Adams has to grind . The entire book is devoted to how ignorant and savage the people of Persia are , combined throughout with desperate pleas for aid to the missionary efforts there.Save your money . If you insist on tormenting yourself by reading this drivel , get the free version on Google .
 I purchased this book hoping to find advanced strategies for managing information -LRB- I have my own Information Tsunami -RRB- . I use a variety of incompatible methods for storing my files - including the file system for Microsoft Office documents and other applications -LRB- such as MindManager -RRB- , and Pagekeeper for scanned documents . I need a way to store searchable metadata about all types of digital assets and be able to share that metadata . The blurb on the book says it will `` demonstrate simple ways to change how you think about and use everyday technologies such as Microsoft Office and Internet Explorer . '' Unfortunately , the book is a series of short introductory articles on using various tools with Windows and Office XP , starting with Internet Explorer 6.0 and then on to Outlook , Excel , Word , Powerpoint , FrontPage and finally 9 pages on Share Point Team Services . The book treats each application separately and not as the overall knowledge management system I need . If you have not used Office XP very long this book may help you . Experienced users will not find much here .
 The author covers a lot of ground in a very limited number of pages . The result is a lack of a general biographical sketch of Washington . I would agree with other reviews that a more comprehensive biography would be a better choice for a first read on Washington .
 It is puzzling why someone would be motivated to write a book on Washington with nothing new to offer . After reading the great Washington biographies by Hughes , Freeman , Flexner , and Cunliffe -LRB- and the quaint ones by Irving and Sawyer -RRB- , I found this just rehashing old stuff with no particular style .
 After reading over one hundred books about the people , places , and events surrounding the American Revolution , I never thought that I would be so uninspired with a book as too find it difficult to finish . Brookhiser starts with the premise that Washington has become a myth and so non-personal to us that he is relegated to the image on the one-dollar bill . Washington was not a fascinating man . He was a diligent , quasi-political soldier who knew how to lead men . He knew that he did not have the oration skills like John Adams or even Benjamin Franklin , but he was a man of intelligence . This led him to be a man of few words . He also was reserved in expressing his opinions unless he felt it absolutely necessary for the good of his country . He was selfless . He was not as concerned with posterity as men like John Adams , Alexander Hamilton , and Thomas Jefferson . He therefore seldom spoke about his thoughts and impressions to others like the aforementioned . This allows us to know the man less then his fellow patriarchs . Please Mr. Brookhiser , do not try to create this man into something he was not . We know perhaps less about Washington than any other founding father because that is the way he wanted it . He is a myth and a legend of gothic proportions . Unfortunately myth sometimes blurs reality , but that is OK . We know enough to be confident that without his courage and wisdom we might not have succeeded during that difficult time.Brookhiser also is very short on documentation . The one thing that can carry a book of history that was not well written is to present facts and documented quotes so as to make the reader educated , though maybe not entertained.It is possible , however , top be possibble to write an entertaining book about the man . I hope not , but this book does not answer the question .
 This book on George Washington is quite interesting . I read it with enthusiasm , but at the same time , maintaining some reservations . The author seemed to be afraid in a way
 There is no structure , logic or historical context to any of his material . It rambles all over the place skipping from one subject to another in the same paragraph . If you like reading an editorial version of history you will love this book . This book is incredibly shallow and my evaluation of this book is that it is absolute -LSB- junk -RSB- .
 The purpose of this book , according to the author 's introduction , is `` a moral biography '' rather than `` a life history . '' His point is that there is a `` distancing '' between ourselves and Washington ; that he has become more myth and metaphor than man . The book aims to connect us today with Washington 's character and personality.The author goes into great depth about the literary works -LRB- such as Addison 's Cato , Bollingbroke and Filmer -RRB- that Washington read , but I feel Brookhiser is reading too much into these and provides no evidence of how Washington reacted to these works . The effect is to continue the distancing between us and Washington by not discussing the man himself ; just the influences around him.I think also the author misses some very important points . For example , in the Introduction , the author says `` it is not important to Washington 's public career ... what his stepchildren were like '' but then devotes the entire last section of the book to metaphorical fatherhood of the Nation without discussing Washington in the role of an actual parent . I 'm sorry , it is important ! It tells more about his character than do the books he read.Another tool the author uses to connect us to Washington is to use modern-day examples . At first I appreciated references to Bill Clinton , Newt Gingrich and Ronald Reagan . However , after about a half-dozen of these it just makes the book seem dated.This is the first biography of Washington that I have read . I finished the book not knowing much more about him than when I started . I learned more about him reading Joseph Ellis ' American Sphinx -LRB- about Jefferson -RRB- and David McCollough 's John Adams . Which is sad ; it is clear that Brookhiser had high hopes for this book and gave it a lot of thought . I just thought it missed the mark and did n't serve its own objectives .
 In `` Founding Father '' Richard Brookhiser attempts a moral biography of George Washington which focuses on his public life , all in order to bring him closer to us 200 years later . While a noble effort , Brookhiser does not follow through . Although mildly interesting , this book is too sketchy and reads as a mere outline of a more comprehensive work . There are better works out there that bring Washington closer to our hearts than this one .
 It is hard to tell what the object of this book really is . Is it to give a good introduction to the layman about George Washington and why he was so indispensable to the success of the young republic ? Or is it to add something new and valuable to the history of George Washington?If the objective was the former , I believe it is a good introduction to the man . Probably a good tool for high school students or the general population . However , if the purpose is to improve the sholarship available on our first president , I think it added very little that is not already known and understood by historians.The reader who wants more scholarly writing -LRB- yet readable and enjoyable -RRB- should read Flexner 's one-volume abridgement , `` The Indispensale Man '' or Forrest McDonald 's , `` The Presidency of George Washington '' -LRB- less than 200 pages -RRB- . Despite the somewhat negative comments on his sources , I still think Freeman 's 7-volume work is the definitive biography , but that is obviously quite an undertaking . Flexner 's 4-volume work is easier to read and just as good a work of history .
 In Richard Brookhiser 's perspective , George Washington appears to us as a remote and aloof figure , a man whose character is nearly inaccessible to us after the hero - worship of the 19th century and cynicism of the 20th . The author seeks in `` Founding Father '' to present a `` moral biography '' of `` the real '' George Washington . His approach is first to survey Washington 's accomplishments -LRB- military and political -RRB- and second , to explain why he `` was able to do what he did '' by reference to `` his nature , his morals , and his ideas . `` What results is a series of sketches -- essays on aspects of Washington that add up to much less than a full - scale biography . No new ground is broken by this work in terms of its factual content . If anything , its main goal apparently is to replace current perspectives with a counter - revisionist one more palatable to conservative tastes . Whether the author 's approach is any less political than other recent biographies may be a matter of opinion . For my part , I found this account disappointingly bloodless for a book that sought to present the `` real '' George Washington , perhaps because it omits most details of the subject 's personal life . The result , in my view , is a mildly interesting sketch of an admirable figure who -LRB- despite the author 's intent -RRB- remains remote and difficult to understand as a human being . Readers seeking a true biography can find plenty of others that are likely to be more to their liking .
 This is one of the worst brochure design books I have ever seen . Outdated design and most of them from the United States.More like a marketing tool for Cheryl Dangel Cullen 's designer friends.most of the designs dont even show the brochure covers.Another huge disappointment from Cheryl Dangel Cullen -LRB- same with Global graphics : colour and Global graphics
 This is another one of those brochure books that sport a great cover , only to reveal that the content falls flat.Pretty outdated , and no information regarding the design process andconcepts.The one star is for the excellant but decieving cover.Iwill definately think twice before purchasing books by Cheryl Cullen .
 This book could have been much more , it could have given the customers requirement , the methods used or even the thought process of the designer . What you have is a coffee table book , not even brain food , as most of the designs went out in the nineties . The book is too full of itself and makes no attempt to help the reader . Next time I know to avoid Cheryl Cullens books
 I have no doubt that Basil Pennington is a very loving and well-meaning man , and an expert on his subject . But he is also very maddening.If you want to know about the background to centering prayer then probably this is as good an introduction to that aspect of the subject as any . But if , like me , you actually want to know how to do centering prayer , then do n't bother with this book . It tells you just about everything you could wish to know about the history , benifits , and application of centering prayer -LRB- it even tells you how to structure centering prayer retreats and seminars -RRB- . But unbelievably , within its 254 pages Pennington devotes little more than one page on how to actually do it , and what he does say is vague and interspersed with latin phrases . I have the impression that Pennington has written something more explicit somewhere , but this book is definitely not it .
 I believe that the author is well-intentioned ; however , the `` centering '' in this book seems to refer to clearing one 's mind and hoping that God will come in . Well nature abhors a vacuum -- SOMETHING will come in all right . This `` vacuum '' is the same major fault with trancendental and other New Age meditations.While trying to make God the center of your life/thoughts is admirable , creating a spiritual `` vaccum '' is dangerous.The traditional form of -LRB- Christian -RRB- meditation is rather to concentrate on something positive -- God Himself through the mysteries in His revealed Word . There is never any vacuum created with its concomitant dangers.The Rosary is an excellent way to accomplish this tradional Christian meditation -- by meditating on God directly through the Gospel mysteries . This is far better , less dangerous and spirtually more profitable , than emptying one 's self and hoping that what fills the resultant vacuum is good rather than evil.Although the author is probably well-intentioned , I fear this book might mislead some , or get others into trouble . It is better avoided .
 This book is devoted to a trip the author took in the winter of 1946 to Europe , as a `` stringer '' for a news service . The American author went to London , Paris , Prague , Warsaw and Spain.I purchased this book in the hope of getting a feel for Europe immediately following the war . I had thought that the author 's visit to Poland right when the Cold War was beginning might throw light on those turbulent times . If these are the kind of insights you seek , this book will not provide them.Many things bothered me about this book . Among them : - The first two chapters -LRB- about NY and London -RRB- are made up of little anecdotes in the nature of `` chit chat . '' In them the author tells us she met this or that person who has this or that job . The anecdotes do n't paint a coherent picture nor do they seem to have any significance other than social snobbery . - The book is very short and therefore very laconic . It 's telegraphic at times . Paris is covered in less than twenty pages -LRB- including three pictures and one out-of-town trip -RRB- . Did the author really have so few impressions ? The author went to Poland to cover the first elections after WWII , but she never tells us who stood for election , who won , what was going on politically and socially . She does tell us about sad , cold and poor people , who have suffered terribly , but it 's very clich&eacute;d . Nothing like Frankl or Wisenthal . - In addition to not telling us very much beyond the obvious , the author does not engage in any moral reasoning that would seem to critical when visiting Europe a year after the end of the Holocaust . She never questions who are guilty or innocent , never discusses retribution . She is not interested in the fate of the Nazis and collaborators , nor does she even mention the beginning of the Cold War . I wondered as I was reading this book what the author actually learned in Europe , since so many central issues did not engage her . The author answers this in the end of the book . She says that the trip to Europe taught her how to see `` beyond myself '' - that is , how to be less selfish and self-engaged . I am sorry that this is the only lesson with which the author walked away . Other writers have been better able to draw real lessons from the Holocaust-lessons that engage in the moral , political and religious questions that are central to discussions of the Holocaust . - One part of the book that irked me particularly is an unbridled attack that the author launches at a women called Helen Grassner . Grassner was a Midwestern Jewish women sent to assist refugees -LRB- I could find no information about her in any other source -RRB- . As Fox 's descriptions make clear Grassner was rather out of her element in Europe , tormented by sorrow and bewilderment . Why this so irritated the author I am not certain , nor can I make sense of why Fox spent so many pages -LRB- of her very short book -RRB- lambasting this poor soul.I do n't recommend this book , which seems to me to be a sad miss without any meaningful information or insight . Had the author not already been a published entity , I doubt this book would have been printed . If you are interested in learning about post-war Europe , you might consider reading Joseph Kanon 's `` The Good German , '' which is a brilliant book .
 I was very disappointed , expecting to much . It was rambling of her memories with not much thought given to expanding on her thoughts or memories . She left so many unanswered questions .
 Poems are always divided into lines and often into stanzas . Kindle has not been programed to recognize that basic fact . In this case , the spacing is a mess . What 's more , the links between the text and the annotations do n't appear in any useful form.The sloppiness of ports to Kindle are annoying in prose works . They ruin the experience of reading a poem .
 DID NOT MEET DESCRIPTION BY AMAZON.THERE WAS NO LISTING BY EACH ESSAY TITLE.THERE WAS NO DESCRIPTION IN EACH ESSAY OF MEANING OF ELIZABETHAN TERMS , NOR ANY TRANSLATION OF FREQUENT LATIN QUOTATIONS.NOR ANY INTERPRETIVE COMMENTS ON THE ESSAYS.ALL THESE THINGS ARE FOUND NORMALLY IN MODERN EDITIONS.THIS BOOK WAS DOWNLOADED FROM THE INTERNET AND IT SHOWS .
 Unfortunately I can only suggest you buy this book if you are seeking to complete your whippet library with all possible titles . There is too much information of a generalized -LRB- and somewhat outdated -RRB- nature , and not enough breed specific info and much that IS breed specific is misleading or outright wrong . For example , under whippet racing he states that the American Whippet Club sponsors the Award of Racing Merit - a program that was discontinued almost 5 years before this book was published . Another error -LRB- in the grooming section -RRB- states that `` Like the Greyhound , the Whippet 's narrow chest cavity can make them vulnerable to illness or even death if the chemicals are too strong '' It is true that whippets are chemically sensitive , but it has to do with body fat ratios and metabolism , NOT deepness of chest ... The author , Dean Keppler , is an experienced whippet owner and should have done a better job . For an excellent all round whippet book I can not recommend more highly `` Whippets , A Complete Pet Owner 's Manual '' by Caroline Coile , which is everything the Keppler book should be and is not .
 The information provided in this book is so basic as to be almost useless for anyone except perhaps those with absolutely no knowledge about the whippet or dogs . However , the quality of the writing is so poor that I really ca n't recommend it even to those looking for the most elementary guide . At times I was so distracted by the grammar , structure etc that I could n't absorb the little information that was provided . It 's certainly not what I would call a ` manual ' . Gorgeous cover picture and lovely shiny paper but value for money , no .
 I purchased this book through a Montessori catalog . I was disappointed with the book . The parenting tips are written in negative language `` do n't do this , '' rather than in a positive , gentle , well . . graceful way . It seemed to be more of a litany of what not to do .
 This is the silliest parenting book I 've ever seen . It 's two or three sentences on a page and while that is , in fact , simple , it 's not groundbreaking . It 's not even particularly helpful . Yes , I know I should n't yell and that it should only be reserved for instances of great danger for my child , how does that help me when my three year old refuses to listen ? Come on , do n't make me feel like a failure just because I ca n't refrain from arguing with another human being . Most of this stuff is common sense and what is n't is probably not realistic for 95 % of parents . Sorry , I just did n't love this book
 This book is a waste of time and money . The author shares common sense tips but does n't offer scenarios in which to resolve parenting issues . This seems like a vanity book . The person who got the most from it was probably the author and her son -LRB- the artist -RRB- .
 The premise of this sci fi novel is interesting enough
 Oh Poul . When it came to big ideas , he was unbeatable . His `` Tau Zero '' is on my top-10 SF list of all times , reread every couple of years . Now , in `` Enemy Stars '' there is an excellent idea , 4 spacemen marooned in a disaster stricken spaceship , trying to survive . The story is promising and the science is hard -LRB- I read the 1979 revised version -RRB- even though a few pages read like an air conditioner manual.So , Poul Anderson was indeed one of the think tanks of the genre . But , when it came to characters , he just ... could n't make it right . His heroes are so agonizingly predictable and clich&eacute; , they can almost give SF a bad name.His Japanese is annoyingly low key and always sorry . His Russian is pathetically vulgar and aggressive . His Anglo-Saxon is cocky . Had his crew included a Puerto Rican , he would be stealing fellow astronauts ' wallets and if there was an Italian , he would be running the Galaxy 's local arm Camorra branch . Not to mention his female characters -LRB- actually only one -RRB- where he becomes even more formulaic.Even though this trait is evident in every Poul Anderson work I ` ve read , in Enemy Stars it is so prominent that brings the novel down to two stars . Read it for the idea behind it , which is great , but do not expect much more .
 I recently took a trip to Europe and needed 3 language books . I had Lonely Planet books for French and Italian then bought this book for German . I was really disappointed in this book after having used the Lonely Planet books prior . The menu translator , in particular , is lacking . I could hardly find anything from the menu in this book ... and I went to Oktoberfest . I 'm sure the food served was traditional German food so why was n't it in the book ? Next time , I 'll stick with Lonely Planet .
 I was recently in Europe , and wanted to get this book to help translate . The dictionary component is grouped into different categories though , so it was difficult to find the words when you needed to do so quickly . There were also a lot of words that it did n't seem to have the translation for -LRB- or at least I did n't find it in time -RRB- . As such , it ended up not being very helpful in the moments that I had wanted it for -LRB- e.g. , trying to figure out what to order at a restaurant , etc. -RRB- .
 This book , originally published in the early 70s , is WAY outdated . Osborne maintains -LRB- I am not far from quoting -RRB- that unless a woman gets married , gets pregnant , and has a bunch of kids she will never be satisfied . A woman 's place is in the home , a man 's is at the office , and apparently realizing this is supposed to let you and your mate in on your true identities and lead to blissful lives . Furthermore -LRB- and perhaps worse -RRB- , Osborne insists on stereotyping males and females in ways that were very offensive to both me and my husband . Example
 This book mainly focuses on one type of oil colouring medium -LRB- namely Marshall 's photo oils -RRB- and explains its use in a detailed manner . Illustrations are quite much detailed . In fact , following only the pictures , you already have a rough idea of the method . Reading the whole text however , does not add much on top of it . The book does n't cover different approaches and techniques and focuses on a particular method of the author . In this sense , if the name of the book was `` How do I handcolour my photographs using Marshall 's Oils '' it would have been more appropriate . The guidelines given in the book might be useful for some beginners , however they are too much detailed . The author will try to encourage creativity , by giving certain guides which is a big contradiction . Portrait photography and it 's colouring is emphasized in this book , which is another limitation .
 This book only covers the basics of handpaiting . Most of what 's said in the book you can learn it yourself . Furthermore , it looks like a publicity from Marshall . It asumes that Marshall products are the only way to handpaint photos , and never talks about other oils , watercolors , airbrushes , etc. . If you are using Marshalls , the tips on how to mix paints can be very usefull .
 This book is great if you want to stick to only one medium , Marshall Photo Oils . The examples are sappy and saccharine.Cutesy kids , flowers , bla bla bla ! This book copies the style and explanations of Handcoloring Photographs Step by Step by Laird . Thats because Dorskind has nothing to say herself and does n't know how to explain . Now you should buy the book by Laird . I , like most reviewers recommend it strongly . I also highly recommend to you Handtinting Photographs . Buy this book too . Do n't buy Dorskind 's book . Its a waste of money .
 First let me start off by saying I lovedBand of Brothers
 My goodness , but here is a terrific bit of history desperately in need of a decent author . Told properly , the final product should be one of those rare books you simply can not put down . Alas , Professor Ambrose was the one to take up the challenge and what he has wrought is a most amateurish work . His narrative style can be wincingly painful . His is the kind of storytelling I used to read in grade school . At any moment I half-expected Frank and Joe Hardy to appear on the scene . You would be better served by watching THE LONGEST DAY . Darryl F. Zanuck `` told '' the story much better .
 I had lot of expectations in this book . Unfortunately , the most important fight in the early hourd of D-Day were very little covered . Too much silly episodes , rather than a more comprhensive description of the firefight . On the other hand , you can find a very good introduction of training of company , the glider landing and the first minutes of the combat . After all , after LT. Brotheridge died , nothing more is clear , there is not anymore a storyline , it seemed that the author had to finish the book at a glance .
 At last Ambrose begins to tackle the massive British contribution to victory . but it is a disappointingly short and skimpy look.Ambrose -LRB- and one notes , some US reviewers below -RRB- manages to recognise the victory at the bridge , but understates the non US contribution overall . Remember , approx 50 % of all forces in Normandy were UK/Canadian/Polish etc. - and far from failing , as one reviewer below has it , they held , and ground down , the bulk of the German forces in Normandy , enabling US forces to break out against relatively weak opposition -LRB- this is a fact , not an opinion - look it up -RRB- . Perhaps it is a little unfair to direct one 's ire at this , his belated attempt to recall a few of the non US troops involved . His book on D-Day might be a more suitable object of one 's scorn -LRB- 4/5 about US troops alone -RRB- . Yet the frustration millions of non US readers feel at being written out of their own history seeks an outlet.It 's not as if , say , UK historians - like Keegan or Neillands - have tried to minimise the US contribution in their books . All the allied armies made a huge contribution to victory . So why the chauvinism on the part of Ambrose , d'Este et al ? do they feel insecure , or is it that they have fallen into mere parochialism ? Thank goodness not all US historians are as narrow this .
 I read my first Dragonlance more than 10 years ago and I 've been an ardent fan since . So when I got my hands on this one , I was full of expectations.However , this book was a real letdown . I had to force myself to go through each page and finally gave up . The narration sounded like sentences in childrens ' books . The kender did n't seem to act or speak like kender and the gully drarves were either too smart or too irritating . The death knight was n't much of a Death Knight nor was Takhisis her usual Godlike self.The author , being new to Dragonlance series should have done her homework better and found out more about the Dragonlance world we all know and love . This was really a waste of such a promising title as a book of short stories on Uncle Trapspringer 's adventures would indeed be very welcome to the Dragonlance series .
 I have to say that I am a seasoned reader and am very used to slow beginnings . With great excitement , I turned to the first page . I love books about kender . I disregard the incoherent preamble ... I read 50 pages before the idea strikes me that maybe it wo n't pick up . It did n't . I suffered through an entire book of horrid subplots . Where 's the kender humor we all know and love ? This book was a complete waste . The heroes were drab , the villains boring , and the entire convoluted basis of the story was not worthwhile . Plus , at the beginning of most chapters , there were confusing nararrator 's notes which successfully broke the feel of being with the characters . Additionally , the end was weak and unfulfilling . One more thing ... It 's incohesive with the rest of the wonderful DragonLance saga . Please , for the sake of your sanity , DO NOT READ THIS BOOK ! If you want kender humor , try `` Kendermore '' by Mary Kirchoff . -LRB- P.S. . This would be a zero-starrer , but Amazon did n't offer the option -RRB-
 So far I have read about 40 or so books in the DragonLance series and this is the first one I 've thrown out after only reading 50 pages . It has been a long time since I 've read a book that 's so without talent and story . It seems to me that it has been written only to bring in some cash for TSR . Even the name Palanthas has been misspelled . It is as if it was written in a hurry just to publish another book by the name of Dragonlance . I wish Margaret had never allowed those money-hungry fools to take over the name .
 This was , by far , the worst dragonlance book i ever read . The language if very poor - suitable for children at best . It seems as if the story was just made up as it was written . Very random events . Keeps reiterating and using the same terms over and over again . Not very logical , even for a fantasy - just plain silly ... Read it as a comedy perhaps , but if you want a serious indulging read , forget this book - terrible , terrible , terrible.If books like this can be successful , it makes me belive I could be a sucessful writer .
 The book 's main characters , Trapspringer and his sister were typically entertaining kender , however , the action predictable and lackluster . If you like kender , you 'll like it , if you like a good Dragonlance story , skip it .
 This book started off slow and never picked up . There is nothing interesting or different about Uncle Trapspringer , it is a complete waste of time and money . I found the Kender to be so completely depressing . It is the ownly Dragonlance book so far that I have completely dispised .
 i was a fan of duane 's first few wizard books , so i picked this up . i guess i 'm in a minority here , but i was n't very impressed w / this book . granted , it was one of duane 's earliest efforts , but the plot is predictable and book lays on the mythology really thick . also , duane 's dialogue feels out of place with its constant , very american-sounding vernacular . there are just a few interesting twists . the most interesting is the way she explores sex and sexuality , and the ideas of open relationships , bisexuality , and sex in relation to religion . it 's also nice to see a -LRB- mostly -RRB- homosexual character in the main role , but the last herald mage series by mercedes lackey is much more poignant . be aware that this edition -LRB- 1984 -RRB- is a revised edition and slightly diff . from the original 1979 edition .
 This book is only for people who like affirmations or quotes from famous women . There is no artwork other than the cover . Not for people who collect books on the Goddess . Also , it is a mini-book .
 Normally , BB books are quite all right to read , if you 're looking for a snach read for a rainy afternoon . However , this one has some serious weaknesses apart from the fact that I personally do n't like made up kingdoms and princesses . Part of the story is set in Austria and therefore there are some supposedly German parts mixed into the dialogue . However , Ms. Barton should do a little more research to offer correct German . Only because there are Umlaute does not mean that every vowel gets two little dots on top . The question ` How are you ` , when literately translated , asks for a characteristic of a person rather than being a polite formula . The answer to this question could be something like nice , fat or stupid.So , I found this booh really quite boring and way too far fetched . Read this only if you are really desperate and waiting for all the good books to be shipped .
 This arrogant , ill-mannered American was hardly the sort of man Princess Adele of Orlantha was used to encountering in her world of wealth and privilege . And yet Matt O'Brien was all that stood between her and the deadly conspiracy that threatened everything she held dear.Her only hope was a marriage - in name only - to her self-appointed `` protector . '' But to be so very ... intimate with this infuriating yet dangerously compelling man was almost more than she could bear - because their masquerade was turning into a passion that was all too real .13 th in The Protector 's series
 I have a personally autographed copy of Dave Odom 's book . I tried to read it and could n't even finish . There is no `` book '' , it 's more like a little collection of what Odom must consider deep thoughts . It may be entertaining to people in 8th grade or less . Dave 's `` winning philosophy '' , you can do without .
 I have no doubt that Basil Pennington is a very loving and well-meaning man , and an expert on his subject . But he is also very maddening.If you want to know about the background to centering prayer then probably this is as good an introduction to that aspect of the subject as any . But if , like me , you actually want to know how to do centering prayer , then do n't bother with this book . It tells you just about everything you could wish to know about the history , benifits , and application of centering prayer -LRB- it even tells you how to structure centering prayer retreats and seminars -RRB- . But unbelievably , within its 254 pages Pennington devotes little more than one page on how to actually do it , and what he does say is vague and interspersed with latin phrases . I have the impression that Pennington has written something more explicit somewhere , but this book is definitely not it .
 I believe that the author is well-intentioned ; however , the `` centering '' in this book seems to refer to clearing one 's mind and hoping that God will come in . Well nature abhors a vacuum -- SOMETHING will come in all right . This `` vacuum '' is the same major fault with trancendental and other New Age meditations.While trying to make God the center of your life/thoughts is admirable , creating a spiritual `` vaccum '' is dangerous.The traditional form of -LRB- Christian -RRB- meditation is rather to concentrate on something positive -- God Himself through the mysteries in His revealed Word . There is never any vacuum created with its concomitant dangers.The Rosary is an excellent way to accomplish this tradional Christian meditation -- by meditating on God directly through the Gospel mysteries . This is far better , less dangerous and spirtually more profitable , than emptying one 's self and hoping that what fills the resultant vacuum is good rather than evil.Although the author is probably well-intentioned , I fear this book might mislead some , or get others into trouble . It is better avoided .
 This book was n't really what I was looking for . I thought I could use it as a reference book , there is a nice index in the back that I would have liked to use with page numbers . The problem is there are no page numbers so the index is completely useless . There are location numbers on the kindle but they do n't line up with the index . I 'll give the author a break and say I might have liked it as a reference book if it was edited so the index could be used but not as a book to read through and memorize . I feel I got ripped off because someone missed this problem .
 House did not write this book for Little League coaches who want to help their kids . It is loaded with hyper-technical jargon that House does not explain and wo n't make sense to experienced players and coaches . For example , in a section on how to pitch off a mound , House states , `` A pitcher must find and keep an upper body spine-to-hip relationship with a constant angle of flex in posting knee at front leg lift , stride and landing -- directing upper body into torso rotation and launch of a baseball . '' What ? His science may be correct , but you wo n't benefit from this book because House does not translate the science into common sense terms that ballplayers will understand .
 Greatly disappointed that I paid over $ 6.00 for a book that turned out to be a pamphlet size booklet .
 After reading this book , I can now see why Washington State 's OSPI is in such a terrible state . Could someone please set Washington 's educational system free from its New Age Mentality ?
 If you 've read `` A Princess of Mars '' , do n't bother with this one . The sequels a all the same ... boring .
 This book has ABSOLUTELY NOTHING to do with the game -LRB- Magic the Gathering -RRB- . The only thing that relates to the game that I could find in this book is the word ` mana ' . But then again , you can find the word ` mana ' in many other non-MtG books.I guess that the other people that gave this book a positive review are not Magic the Gathering players . This book is a total ripoff.If you want to buy this book anyway , make sure you read it BEFORE great MtG books such as Arena , The Thran , the Artifacts cycle 's , etc. . That way those books will only be greater !
 The novel is well written but Ford so romanticizes Katherine Howard that the novel is almost unreadable ! Avoid this unless you are a diehard Ford fan .
 It 's rare I pick up a book and do n't finish it , but this one did me in . I just could not get into it for some reason - the way it is written was cumbersome to me , and just not engaging . I love Tudor history , and I enjoy well written historical fiction , so I will try anything from this subject . This one was a huge disappointment for me .
 Its listing is a mistake , and should be deleted from Amazon 's catalog
 I am so sorry I spent money on this book . What a dopey premise - that one can compare and contrast these women . There is almost nothing at all known about Margaret Taylor , Jane Pierce , Abigail Fillmore , Eliza Johnson , Eliza Monroe . The papers of women like Ida McKinley and Bess Truman have been destroyed by their families . There are no biographies at all of most of the First Ladies . So how in the world can these women be fairly judged when contrasted with modern activist women like Lady Bird , Hillary and Betty Ford ? I saw none of this addressed in the text at all . This is ahistorical and does much damage . Also , the role of women is different . And there are no specific duties of a First Lady like there are for a President - so they are all different . You can not compare First Ladies . This book should not have been written . Just a bunch of candy .
 DO NOT BUY THIS BOOK . ... He makes incredible errors of historical fact-well known historical fact , at that . For heaven 's sakes never mind his errors regarding the women 's lives , he puts Warm Springs -LRB- where FDR died -RRB- in West Virgina instead of Georgia -LRB- and where were his editors ? -RRB- His lack of understanding of the truth of women 's lives is no worse than many otherwise credible male biographers . Read it with a spoonful of salt , and you will learn of many women who have been overlooked . Just know going in that you are reading what amounts to a shallow overview magazine type article . Not unenjoyable just disappointing . I ignored the whole rating thing which is absurd .
 I REALLY LIKED THIS BOOK UNTILL I GOT TO ELEANOR ROOSEVELT . WHY WRITE A BOOK ON RATING THE FIRST LADIES BASED ON SOMEONE ELSES RATINGS WHEN YOU HATE THE WOMAN WHO IS RATED NUMBER ONE BY THEM . I SAW THE AUTHOR ON PBS AND THOUGHT THIS BOOK WOULD BE FUN . I WAS BESIDE MYSELF . WE ALL KNOW ELEANOR WAS BISEXUAL . WAS THERE ANY VALID REASON TO POINT OUT THAT HER FEMALE LOVER HAD A BEDROOM IN THE WHITE HOUSE FOUR TIMES IN A TWELVE PAGE CHAPTER ? NOT ONLY THAT BUT AS SOMEONE WHO WORKED FOR REGAN , I SHOULD HAVE NOT BEEN SURPRISED TO SEE THE AUTHOR SLANDER EVERY DEMOCRATE AND ATTRIBUTE THEIR TRIUMPHS TO THE REPUBLICANS . HE ACTUALLY TRIES TO JUSTIFY MCCARTHYISM AND FAILS TO EVEN POINT OUT THAT ELEANOR ROOSEVELT PLACED MARIAN ANDERSON IN FRONT OF THE LINCON MEMERIAL TO SING '' GOD BLESS AMERICA '' AFTER THE SNUB BY THE DAUGHTERS OF THE REPUBLIC . THIS GUY ACTUALLY BRINGS UP ANDERSON WHEN HE TALKS ABOUT MAMIE EISENHOWER . I REALLY LIKE THE BOOK UNTILL YOU GET TO RECENT ADMINISTRATIONS.I HAVE TO ASK THE AUTHOR WHAT COLOR IS THE SKY IN YOUR WORLD .
 Get a good book on `` whole language '' if that 's the teaching method you want to use . Better yet , use a good phonics-based approach that also emphasizes the `` whole word '' approach . There 's nothing magic in this book for children with Down Syndrome , and the suggested materials are time-consuming to make . My child now reads well , having learned all the `` word attack '' skills , rather than just one word attack skill , which is what `` whole language '' amounts to .
 This book is excellent at helping ASP rookies understand the basic principals , concepts and VB script coding surrounding ASP development . The `` try this '' samples in the book are great hand holding tools and in the beginning the explanations are very clear . Unfortunately , the author really loses control toward the end of the book and it gets very complicated very fast . The most disturbing thing of all was the CD which accompanies the book and contains the really complex sample ASP applications - applications that one would hopefully like to adapt and use . The problem is the scripts on the CD do not work and the coding is very very sloppy and error ridden . Also there is a lot the user must do -LRB- on his own -RRB- to try and get the scripts to work . What infuriates me the most is the author leaves it up to his readers to find all the problems and then debug his code for him . -LRB- Authors Web Site -RRB- This is totally unacceptable for someone making money off a product and holding himself out as an expert in the field . And it drops my rating from what would probably be 4 stars to 2 stars . As an example I would give HTML
 For those who do n't want to be dragged into the new . net world . There is still asp ... however , 2.0 is the old version , at least get 3.0
 I was bitterly disappointed by this book . I found it mentions techniques that are possible , then fails to explain their implementation , which is extremely frustrating . Many of the fundamental aspect of ASP are covered all to briefly , leaving the reader confused later on in the book.Take my advice and look at the offerings from the Wrox programming range instead
 I just read some of the positive reviews and I cant believe it ! This book is so vague and so spotty , that it can not be relied on at all . And on top of that , the paddy-cake paddy-cake language is downright obnoxious !! If you want to be able to actually do something , then I would go to the wrox programmer to programmer series specifically the professional active server pages 3.0 .
 As a beginner I found this book worthless . Many of the scripts in the book and on the CD apparently do not work . I asked a friend , who is a bright engineering student with programming experience , to try to try her hand at getting the guest book script to work and she did n't have any luck either . I submitted a question twice to the online Q&A forum over 3 weeks ago and it has yet to be posted , nor have I received any acknowledgement that the message was received . In my opinion this book fails on all counts . I advise beginners to look elsewhere .
 The hype is there but you really need a brain of a dummy to get through this book . I lost track of important concepts so many times because of the comic reliefe the authors of this book try to put in here . What do they think they are running here ? a Active Seinfeld Play ? Take my word for it . Do n't waste your money on this book . It 's really not worth it !
 I have read almost all of the legal employment advice books , and I find them almost all to be misleading . It seems that authors of this genre of books are either
 Do not buy this version of Spoon River . The material is great , but this particular edition lacks a table of contents or index , so finding a specific character 's monologue is tedious and annoying . Also , I 'm not sure of any others , but this edition does not include Dippold the Optician .
 If you get an edition , such as `` Signet Classic '' , that includes The Spooniad and the Epilogue , then you will have three bad works of poetry to wade through , the last two blessedly short.The idea is a good one ; a series of monologues from dead former townspeople , touching the major incidents of their lives , many of them connected , sometimes in surprising ways . But Masters is just not a good enough poet . He attempts blank verse monologues in the style of Robert Frost -LRB- as in North of Boston -RRB- but succeeds only in demonstrating how difficult a form it is and how it takes the brilliance of someone like Frost to pull it off . I can see that a few of them are worthwhile and would themselves make good anthology pieces , but mostly they are simply second rate prose poems of no significance.In my review of Winesburg , Ohio I compared Sherwood Anderson unfavorably with Masters , saying that he lacked Masters ' humanity . But - like most people , I suspect - I had only read selections from Spoon River . Now that I have paddled the length of it , I can tell you it is meandering , flows very slowly , and contains very little life .
 If you are looking for anything with any kind of story or plot at all , this is not the book for you . Simply an endless string of loosely related paragraphs . If you want a book that you cant put down , look elsewhere . This may be more appropriate in a literature class , but definitely not for a good-time-read .
 That 's it . Do n't bother . The big print in the book garners it the one-star review , otherwise I would have given it none .
 this book covers a lot of groundbut in doing so it does not cover anything in depthand many things are covered poorly or omittedin many places we are told to do somethingbut then referred to our manuals for our hardware & software althoughsometimes he often provides a generic example but not alwaysif you know nothing at allthis will be a good introduction butdont try to understand the details from this bookjust try to grok the big picture -LRB- albeit slightly hazy -RRB- then look for other books to fill in what you needyou will not be able to build and use your home studio with just this book as a guideif you have experience with analog recordingandor a degree in electronics then you will be disappointedbut you may be able to figure out the gaps and confusing parts with some google searches - otherwise this will leave you with too many questionsfull disclosure - i have recorded with analog tape and was a member of AES for several years as well as having 5 years of graduate school in EE -- after many years of doing other things , i wanted to quickly get up to speed with the modern digital recording on pcs for my own use at home . this book was a start but not the answer.overall i found this book annoying and inadequatemany terms are not explainedalthoughsome are explained * after * they got used instead of beforethere is no glossary of all terms for quick referencethe index does not always include a pointer to the section explainign them eithersome terms are used in non standard ways - which may reflect the current usage by the public but not engineers andsome are new jargon -LRB- eg midi stuff -RRB- that was not used in days of analoguebutsome usages are just plain wrong . however some others may be just careless use of english or bad editing and some are possibly just the authors misconceptions.many diagrams are on the opposite side of the page referencing themwhich makes the book much harder to usediagrams are confusing and not intuitiveand need better explanations of what they are supposed to tell usreference material is omitted . he tells us that middle c is coded as 60decimal in midi format but fails to give a diagram with all the possible notes/codes . other items are missing like a table of the mystery codes that got mentioned in passing but never described -LRB- that i could find ; and they are not indexed -RRB- he throws out things like midi codes without explaining them and they are NOT in the index at all and which is poorly done.I have a list of about 15 terms/jargon that he used that i need to google to find out what they mean . I also have a number of questions that i will ahve to research . these should have been covered in the book !! some words are thrown out to show his music experience as they have little relevance to the topic at hand . maybe you know what a dobro is , but most of us dont -- and we have no need to know it either -LRB- but appears to be some sort of specialised percussive instrument . and hints on recording ti are not appropriate in this book.this book is copyright 2009 which is why i bought itelse i would suggest looking atjeffs pc recording studio for dummys insteadbut that one is sadly out of dateand may well suffer from the same editing/production problems as thsi onebut i have only glanced at the TOC and copyright date so farthis one covers too much non pc recording options -LRB- stand alone disk and all_in_one non_PC related hardware devices -RRB- which is a total waste these days , but could possibly be justified in this book but not the pc recording studio book done in 2004 -LRB- copyright 2005 -RRB- which needs to be updated real soon now or any book that covers PC music which is the only viable alternative circa 2009 . such Stand alone options are only marginally cheaper and are much harder to use and inflexible.it covers too much miking of drums -LRB- author used to be a drummer ! -RRB- and is way too light on explaining PC interface devices.he should cover more about sound cards and how they fit in the big picture and less on making your own sound panels . i am interested in PC music not carpentry.there are probably better books out there -LRB- it is hard to imagine worse but i have seen some ! so caveat emptor -RRB- but i have not looked for better intros yeti grabbed this one at the local borders on impulse because i was thereand wanted to read something on this topic right away . this was the least worst of their paltry selection . and to be fair , i learned some thigns , and relearned some things i had not used for years . but it did not live up to what i expected in such a book.search amazon for PC music not home recording and you will likely come up with more appropriate books .
 I bought this book after reading reviews on various Amazon sites that suggested it was a history of mental illness in Britain and North America . Instead , it is an attempt to support the authors ' belief that the incidence of ` insanity ' has increased in the last three centuries due to ` urbanization ' . The authors eventually define what they mean by ` insanity ' in an appendix but even here there is no mention of differences in diagnostic criteria that have existed in different places at different times and still do exist . There is certainly no dearth of information in the book and some of it is accurate in itself but much seems to have been included more for ` padding ' than for relevancy . I found the book unsatisfactory as medical history and unconvincing in its inferences .
 This book was a bit of a disappointment . None of the pictures of cookies in the book actually look good to eat . They look like they would be ideal in decorating the witch 's house from Hansel and Gretel but I wanted cookies to eat not enjoy visually . I like the retro look but for cookies that are meant to be eaten , I recommend the Cookie Bible . Everything in that book looks and tastes great .
 I bought the book to learn about Lean Servicing . While Lean Servicing is 50 % of the title , it is less than 10 % of the text . Just one case study/example .
 Being a certified MBB I was looking for something with more substance . A typical off the shelf book regading Six Sigma methodology and application . I was expecting more from the lean perspective and it absolutely failed at delivering anything regading lean processing . Just another hype to sell the lean manufacturing priciple with a poor execution .
 I was looking for a breed specific book , this is mainly a book on puppies in general , with a few specifics , and many pictures if ig 's . I was VERY disapointed that there was no mention at all of rescue dogs , and the author recomended a puppy over adults because you can train them how you want them . It was very pro breeder overall . The main reason there are so many wonderful dogs in rescue , is that breeders pop out many pups to make money , but never educate people on the specific needs of these dogs.If you are looking for an ig book , go elsewhere . If you want a book on how to train your puppy to sit and stay , and look at some cute pictures of iggy 's , then , maybe you 'll like it .
 This book is not written with enough detail , to generalized missing a lot of breed specific info that I already knew . I was not happy with my purchase .
 As a veterinary hospital manager and owner of a 5 yr old IG , I am always looking for new material on the breed . I adore my IG , but she definitely has some `` issues '' that separate her from other breeds . This book does not mention the horrific difficulty owners have trying to potty train their IGs ; this is by far the major reason that they are surrendered ! The book says that they can be trained to go outdoors in the cold ... I say `` good luck ! '' This book says that they are n't fragile , but IGs are known to break their long , thin legs without doing anything out of the ordinary - mine has broken the same leg twice just jumping off the bed -LRB- which she does multiple times per day -RRB- . The book mentions they have special dental needs , which is true , but it does not indicate just how costly this can be . IGs may be sweet , but they are also prone to neurosis . The fact that the book does not mention any of the above issues is irresponsible in my book ; this is not an easy breed to own and it is important not to mislead readers BEFORE they go out and get a pup.I was even more upset that not once did this book discuss spay/neuter of your pup , nor did it mention rescue organizations as an option for adopting an IG . Almost every state has an IG rescue group -LRB- for all of the dogs given up due to behavioral issues , potty training , etc -RRB- . As far as spay/neuter , I know several male IGs that were neutered later in life and have to wear a sock velcroed around their middle because they mark everything in sight . It is careless to write a book that does not discuss sterilization at a young age - if nothing else than for health reasons such as mammary and prostate cancer.As wonderful as they are , I consider IGs to be `` special needs '' dogs - not once is this portrayed in the book .
 Everybody knows Robertson 's Word Pictures to be an excellent reference for Bible study.But I was deceived by this edition of his work
 Not the book it should be . I am very disappointed since i got the wrong item . Please do not sell books to people if you are not giving what is shown . On a positive note , I understand we all make mistakes ! Please dont do this again however to anyone besides myself . Honesty really is the best policy ! God bless you !!!
 From Robertson : `` Mark 16:16 - The one who believes and is baptized will be saved , but the one who does not believe will be condemned.And is baptized . The omission of baptized with `` disbelieveth '' would seem to show that Jesus does not make baptism essential to salvation . Condemnation rests on disbelief , not on baptism . So salvation rests on belief . Baptism is merely the picture of the new life not the means of securing it . So serious a sacramental doctrine would need stronger support anyhow than this disputed portion of Mark . `` Talk about twisting words to make them fit your preconceived beliefs !
 This review concerns the 6 volume set as published by the Southern Baptist Convention -- via Baker Book House , with theISBN being -- 0-8010-7710-9 . They are hardcovers , and are smyth sewn . The paper is not ANSI certified . The text is clearly a poor reprint , as the words are not clear and sharp , however it is still readable.Robertson is one of the best Greek grammarians of the 20th century . His large grammar will forever remain a standard reference , but this work is marred via his theological views , views which are everywhere injected into his text . Hence it is a very subjective work . If this is kept in mind by each reader , then some good use can be made of the work.Unfortunately , Robertson skips over many important points , and he seems to dwell on many which seem very minor . For example in volume 1 -LRB- Matthew page 78 , 79 -RRB- he discusses the message about the `` coming kingdom '' which was spoken to Israelites by the apostles . Robertson then declares that this SAME message isneeded TODAY . Many Baptists seem to think that the 1,000 year reign is the next event on God 's program , but for us it is the `` rapture '' . The message for today is not just to Israelites , but should be for all peoples!Baptists are also disturbed with the clear literal meaning of Mark 16:16 . As a Baptist , Robertson would rather remove this portion of scripture -- thus his religion influences his commentary in these and many other passages . In Acts 2:38 he seems to throw good grammar out the door in order to support -LRB- or try to support -RRB- his Baptist consorts.At times his grammatical skill shines through and benefits the reader , but again one is left to wonder why Robertson even composed this work , it is too theologically motivated and hence disrupts an objective use . Great for support of Baptist doctrines , but poor for objective textual data.courtest of Mr. Gary S. Dykes
 The message in this book is reflective of the overall tone of American society these days
 The message that we do n't need fame or to be the strongest etc. to be happy is a good one , but this book sends a message which is not good . For example , the animal that goes to school spends his whole time memorizig things he does n't understand , which , yes , is not good but to a child sends the message that school is not good . And then this hedgehog seems to get along knowing about herbs and things without having to work at all , and that more than anything is what 's bad about this book . If you want to be good at holistic medicine -LRB- like this hedgehog :-RRB- , you 're going to have work for it , and not spend your days laying around in the garden .
 This book attempts to teach young children about how to lead a simple life but instead tells them its bad to try to improve themselves . It 's the only children 's book I 've ever thrown away .
 Cherry Wilder 's novel `` Signs of Life '' details the events surrounding the emergency landing of the crew of the Serendip Dana , a World Space Organization `` transport '' on it 's way to Arkady . Presumably Arkady is a human planet somehow associated with the World Space Organization , which the reader can infer is an institution based on Earth that manages at least one `` transport '' , the Serendip Dana . As to what exactly they were transporting we ca n't be entirely sure , at one point livestock are mentioned and there are a whole lot of reguler crew , silver cross members -LRB- repair crew organized along traditional military ranks -RRB- , Auxiliary Support personal -LRB- andriods -RRB- and a media team accompanying a high ranking member of a popular religious movement.EDIT
 I hate people who do n't explain their abbreviations . It took me thirty pages to realise that Oxper was an abbreviation for Auxuliary Personnel , and that this meant anderoids . I could n't figure out the difference between Silvos , Silver Cross and the people wearing silver suits . I eventually figured out that Silvo was an abbreviation for Silver Cross and that they wore blue suits while the Crew , who are not silver cross , wear silver suits from time to time . Confused ? Welcome to the club.I eventually got fed up trying to work out silly little enigmas like these , I lost whatever plot there was , failed to identify with any of the characters , and so the book has been dropped , unfinished . This , from me , is a testament to a bad book . I have finished some pretty bad stuff in my day , I am a finisher , and for me not to finish , the book has to stink like a skunk in a farting contest . Peeyouw !
 I picked this up and read the back and the blurbs and it sounded like it would be interesting , if not a good read . Unfortunately , this book was bad from the first paragraph on . There were so many names and characters just thrown at me , I could hardly tell when the story started to advance . The immediate establishment of the military guys bad , us civillians good , was also irritating , since neither side was able to prove themselves anything other than their labeling . I was so confused after the first sixty pages , I had to give up . The book had gone from confusing to impossible to follow . At that point , I 'd already lost interest in the characters , since I could hardly tell what was going on , and could have cared less about their fates .
 I tried really hard but could n't make it past the first third of this book . I kept waiting for the passengers and crew of the doomed spaceship to show some sort of reaction to having their ship fall out of the sky , but they seemed to treat it like a fire drill . As far as I know the plot was great , but the writing style was too muddy and confusing .
 Too technical , too work shop based , for the professionals only , not the book I was hoping for .
 This Concordance has the SMALLEST print I 've ever seen in ANY book !! Even with my reading glasses I have to squint in order to make out the print . I even tried a magnifying glass but gave up . I do n't know who would able to use this book . I wasted my money since I ca n't even read it !!
 I am very disappointed to see what this book ended up being . I was expecting a Compact version of my Strong 's Concordance but they changed it to the point of worthlessness . It is worth lugging the big book around in order to see the truth.For example you will never know from this book that YHWH -LRB- Hebrew 3068 -RRB- is used nearly 7,000 times in the Hebrew scriptures .
 The bible practices animal sacrifice and it 's inherently anti-compassion , anti-animal rights , anti-women 's rights . The very name of this book is anti-compassion , anti-respect . Dominion . To dominate someone , or to have dominion over them , is an act of violence . Usually the vicious fight for dominance , not gentle , powerful guardians . To try to dominate someone is to try to use aggressive force to control them . Guardian is a very powerful word , the word includes respect for animals and uses gentle as possible methods to protect them and consider their needs and desires as we would any creature we have power over - like our own children . Always the powerful should respect those they have power over , because it 's just luck that you have it - and you should grieve for those that do n't have it and try to give your power to others . All good to all beings . Dominance is the abuse of power . The men who love the bible like to dominate women also and they would have us connect our sexual desires only to the endless dichotomy of dominion and submission of dogs , versus the goodness and equality of love.I think the bible is the most cruel and stupid book ever written . It 's the philosophy of one hand clapping , the philosophy of Nothing - slavery is freedom , cruelty and chlid/animal sacrifice is love , love is gentle and kind , but oh no , love is actually your children being tortured to death in horrific sacrifices to the demands a `` god '' who is uh ... likely a predator bio-tech jerk . Wake up . Phelps is probably really akin to Fred Phelps and this crap is probably paid for by the pyramid scheme of predation - the new trend is to write books about love and hide things about male or white supremacy in them , torture and abuse , horrible cruelty of all kinds , write a book about animal rights and slither in some anti-animal rights propaganda etc. . . I 'm pretty sure this author is enemy propaganda and is attempting to ease you in that direction . Avoid Christianity , Pagan religions that ease you into animal abuse and all religion that practices male supremacy , white supremacy , animal torture or child torture and sacrifice - real animals and children suffer in these religions . There have been many children genuinely sacrificed and `` martyred '' in Christianity , just so some male supremacist jerks can secure more power for their greedy selves . It 's not enough you 've been given greater size and physical strength , in general , but also must control all governments , religions , family life - everything . Back off and learn some generosity . Voodoo also genuinely harms animals , as well as tribal religions that practice animal sacrifice , hunting rituals etc. . . I think religion can be an act of aggression - and many religions are in fact just traps that are very cruel . I 'd love to see a religion some day that genuinely opposes the suppression and slavery of women , child abuse , animal abuse and the worship of the creators of this bio-tech pyramid scheme of predation . I do not believe that the people who created this world are in any way good . The snake and the tree of knowledge is meant to scare you from the truth about the knowledge of good and evil , for were you to discover it , you would discover that the creators are PREDATORS WHO CREATE PREDATORS and are no different from any other child rapists , slave owners and cruel tyrants - they are evil . Oppose them and use your whole mind and heart to nourish , love , protect , guard , guide and respect all the life forms that are suffering here .
 This is a good book if you just want to know what 's out there in terms of the different categories of technology . The author spends almost no time on any one technology , so this is purely just an overview book .
 This book is insipid , avoid buying it !
 Overwhelmed
 Ralph Leighton may well be a fun guy to hang out with , and Richard Feynman almost certainly is , but this book really has no reason to have ever been in print . There 's almost nothing about the obscure Russian province of their obsession in the book -- it 's mostly a chronicle of the hobbies of various people who are probably about as interesting -- but not more interesting -- than most of your friends . The childlike enthusiasm they develop for the language and history of Tuva is charming at times , but after a while their relentless ignorance even of the most basic ways of going about collecting information starts to wewar . Their insistence on providing direct translations of Tuvan in the original turkic word order must seem to the author to be cute -- to this reader it came across as mocking the language . Almost any foreign language would sound ridiculous if translated word for word with no corrections for grammar or word order . Both grammar and vocabulary of Tuvan appear to be extremely similar to turkish , so they had huge resources available to them to decipher the language , but it appears from the book that none of them ever figured out that they were even dealing with a turkic language . They never even mention the total lack of words for gender in Tuvan , or the lack of irregular verbs -- a huge boon to a prospective langauge student . I 'm sure they 're fun guys , but this really is a waste of perfectly good tree ...
 I enjoyed the beginning of this book , but after a while it just drags . Could have been a nice story in the New Yorker , but as a book it just does n't cut it . Forced my way to the end.Summary
 I am a confirmed Feynman fan and even met him a couple of times . I was eager to learn more about him and his travels . The subtitle promised details of his `` last journey '' , which , it turns out , he never made . Instead , I was bored with insipid details of the author 's attempts to arrange a trip to the USSR and other assorted junk . It did not even spend much time on Tuva itself , but on unrelated trivia . It was apparent that the author was immensely more interested in the trip than Feynman , and that even he was n't interested enough to stay at it to fruition . The author trades on the Feynman name to shamelessly promote the book and con the reader into plodding through endless drivel . Do n't bother .
 I bought this book because I enjoy reading about Richard Feynman . I did not enjoy this book , although I really wanted to . Not only is this tale only peripherally about Richard Feynman , it turned out to be an amateurish , dull , and plodding recounting of an apparently frivolous goal turned obsession . The writing was lifeless and tedious . Although I got through the whole book , I found myself wondering why I bothered . If anyone wants my copy , e-mail me .
 This book feels very outdated and with only one immediate purpose , to stroke the ego of Richard Feynman . Leighton uses his time and space to write an homage to Feynman that is not that interesting . In fact , only in the last 40 pages do we learn anything about Tuva . If you are interested in this region of the world I recommend the film &#34; Genghis Blues &#34; instead . The film is way more insightful and interesting .
 After reading `` Feast In The Morning '' , I found I was hooked on these real people and this era . I just had to know what happened after the death of Elizabeth 's brother . This biography covers the entire lifetime of Elizabeth , at times it is very difficult to follow . As a persons name and place names were often the same , and in many cases the author would be talking about Lord Robert Dunley , then later she may refer to him as the Protector or as the Earl of Leicester , or as Leicester or The Earl . As you can see this can get confusing to follow who is who.This book really gives you the feel of the Queen and her times . Her nemisis Mary Queen of Scots was present throughout Elizabeth 's lifetime and had a big influnence on her . Many times I wondered what I would do if faced with Elizabeth 's problems , she was very creative.Many importaint parts of history may have been left out or hardly mentioned , while other unimportaint events were exponded on.It was interesting to read about the Earl of Oxford and his relationship with the Queen , as now there seems to be a camp of people who believe that he was really Shakespear . The author was recounting their relationship without the knowledge of this controversity .
 This book is way over the top ! Says that even artificial sweetener should not be used . I think the premise of what the author is saying that almost all food is bad for you - a sure way to set people looking to lose weight up to fail
 After reading this book , the only thought that came to my mind was that the heroine was just lucky to get through all the hurdles without even a scratch.Too fantastic to digest . But then are n't all such books are.I just could n't understand few things , how Capitola managed to get out of every difficulty without problem , and how , all the smart villians , become dumb and do the stupidest act while she is there -LRB- whether they know it or not -RRB- and things are always in favour of our great heroine ?
 The cover was cute , the description on the back looked good , and the beginning of the book was promising when I read it . So , needless to say , I was expecting a good read . Sadly , I was disappointed.The plot of this book was this - Hayley loses her job and wants a guy so her friends try to give her advice on how to get what she wants - but a thin plot is fine if it 's written properly . THis book , however , was not . It was definitely predictable and not that entertaining , although I did find one or two parts funny . Her friends are n't that interesting and you kinda wonder why she 's friends with them at all since they do n't seem to have much in common . Moreover , the writing style is good but not great , and it seemed like a lot of the book as just comprised of `` filler material , '' even though the book is pretty short to begin with . The worst part of it was that the ending was beyond lame . You do n't find out what 's going to happen , and it 's almost like the author just did n't know how else to end it and wanted to get it published asap . There are plenty of better books out there to read and I wish I had n't bothered with this one.I would not recommend this book to anyone -LRB- although I 'd love someone to buy my copy of me , haha -RRB- and instead would recommend that if you want a good chick lit book tor ead about a girl losing her job and looking for romance , instead buy `` Pink Slip Party '' by Cara Lockwood .
 This book is just that - dreadful ! The worst book I 've read in years . I can find nothing complimentary to say about it . The characters are one dimensional and self-absorbed . The writing is sophomoric . The story line is formulaic and quite frankly boring . I did n't care one bit about anyone in this story . What a waste of my money . Who ever edited this one should be fired . Bookstores are full of entertaining chick-lit . If that 's your prefered genre look else where .
 A predictable storyline with characters that seem dumb and ditzy ... and a gaggle of friends -LRB- tries to copy the Sex and the city foursoume -RRB- that are have no depth ! This is a book a girl does not want .
 I found the main character , Hayley so self-absorbed despite having 3 somewhat loyal girlfriends . The first half of the book deals with her getting fired and looking for another job at a . com . The second half deals with her having a one night stand & the guy not calling her back . Hayley views her life aas being `` endless & murky '' and that is exactly how I would describe this book.I must remember the next time I have a couple cocktails with dinner to stay OUT of the bookstore .
 I bought this book and read it right after I got my first router and table for making picture frames . When I finished the book I found I did n't know much more about routers , bits and techniques than before I read it . And the author uses useless terminology where a clear description would be much more helpful . For example , writing about the router I bought he says , `` There is about 13/4 in . of motor travel once all four pins in the base casting engage both ground helixes in the motor pack . '' What ? I had to look at my router to determine that he was talking about the distance the motor rotates in its base . The book is also very negative ; you 'll hear more about what routers and bits ca n't do rather than what they can and how to do it.I picked the book up again after I had been using my router for about 6 months , figuring now that I knew what I was doing I would get more out of it . I was wrong - there 's just really not much useful information , unless you want to see the impressive jigs the author has made . All around , a pretty disappointing book .
 Let me help you out and save you some money . The router is a tool with a device that spins real fast and can remove wood . That 's what I got from the book.Actually , in all fairness , the author did cover the differences between plunge routers and fix-based routers very well . The book also addresses the popular routers on the market though it seems likely that Porter-Cable may be subjectively promoted a bit much . Additionally , the photography was well done.As far as being a complete guide , it is not . I am particularly interested in learning the ends and outs of router usage and gained no insight here . Even when the book did resort to technique , the author used terminology not applicable to beginners and then did not bother to enlighten readers with an explanation nor with a glossary of definitions . In fact the book reminded me somewhat of old college texts where the author was more interested in impressing his own contemporaries than imparting knowledge on the unknowing .
 The author obviously has lots of knowledge about routers , and does n't mind telling you how much more he knows than you . I 've gotten more and better information from monthly magazines .
 This book should be called `` A history of religion and philosophers '' . I got it to research the attitudes of those opposed to science in history , and there was not much I could lift from it . However it 's quite interesting , just not much about science .
 As a student of astronomy I was at least a bit familiar with some of the history , especially of the time around Galileo , so I skipped past the prologue -LRB- or more correctly `` why the Christian Church is horrible '' -RRB- section and went straight to the 1500 's . Note quote marks are the authors work , breaks in between are my comments . `` So great was the preference given to sacred over profane learning that Christianity had been in existence fifteen hundred years , and had not produced a single astronomer . '' Oh , really ? Pope Sylvester II -LRB- 1000 's -RRB- , Johannes de Sacrobosco -LRB- 1200 's -RRB- , Nicole Oresme -LRB- 1300 's -RRB- , and Nicholas of Cusa -LRB- 1400 's -RRB- would disagree and they were just a few Catholic CLERIC Astronomers . `` Copernicus , a Prussian , ... '' and Catholic Cannon -LRB- I wonder if the author knew and left this out or just never came across this bit of info -RRB- `` Aware that his doctrines were totally opposed to revealed truth ... '' and could not be proved scientifically `` refrained from publishing his book for 36 years ... -LSB- until -RSB- the entreaty of Cardinal Schomberg . '' Well , at least he admitted that we owe a Cardinal the publishing of this book . Although it was banned , as far as I can tell it was n't until 100 years after his death with and that mostly due to Galileo 's personality conflict with certain church authorities . '' -LSB- Waxing poetic about Galileo noting a couple of astronomical phenomena -RSB- and many other beautiful telescopic discoveries tended to the establishment of the truth of the Copernican system . '' While they were indeed evidence for it , it still was not scientifically provable . For Copernicus still used spherical orbits and his system was no better than the Ptolemaic one at predicting the motions , which is what a scientific theory is supposed to do . `` By the low and ignorant ecclesiastics ... '' and noted scientists like Tycho Brahe '' ... they were denounced as deceptions or frauds . '' Now for the Evil Church attacks poor noble Galileo -LRB- conveniently leaving out how he insulted the pope ... of course being insulted does not justify the actions of any man , but this author is so driven by an agenda that he has made Galileo a saint . -RRB- `` He was then committed to prison '' otherwise known as house arrest in his villa.The author picks and chooses bits of facts , distorts and lies to create a blatant anti-Christian screed and anyone who thinks otherwise is smoking something . I studied Astrophysics and am a faithful Catholic . There have been many , MANY Catholic scientists who have made notable contributions to their fields of study . So , where can we find a good history of science and religion ? I hear Stanley L. Jaki is a good author on the topic or you could just go check out the Vatican Observatory .
 I recently took a history of science course -LRB- the Learning Company -RRB- by Lawrence Principie , who holds dual appointments at Johns Hopkins -LRB- Organic chemistry and The History of Science -RRB- . In one of the lectures he spent considerable time spotlighting this book and expressing his conviction that NO serious student of the history of science takes this book seriously . It is full of errors ; the author misquotes sources and is generally thought of as a great example of how a book should not be written and how an author should not do his research . Read this book but do n't take it seriously .
 The `` History of the Conflict Between Religion and Science '' may be of significant history for a reader who is interested in 19th Century views on religion and science -LRB- and as such it certainly has great merit -RRB- , but for a reader seeking genuine insight on the books topic it largely useless.The author , keeping with his time , follows an evolutionary vision of human thought , instantly discarding any thought of the `` primitives '' and seeing true value only in his `` enlightened '' mind-set . Perhaps even worse , there is more than a bit of religious propaganda that sneaks its way into the text , without the author ever denoting it as such . For example , the ancient Christian polemic of Bahira , the heretical monk , is repeated as historical fact with no indication that it is at best pure legend .
 There are two problems with this book
 Sorry to part company with the crowd here.THe author 's thesis -- that `` news '' and ad media severely blur the distinction between Real and Unreal -- sounded intriguing , and I wanted to see how the author developed it . Unfortunately , after a few dozen pages , it seemed like the book was a good EXAMPLE of that thesis , and not an elucidation of it . It reminded me of James Joyce , and while Joyce 's style can be wonderful for a novel , it kind of stinks for an expository work . My second thought is that publishers have got to stop paying people by the word.The author 's point seemed reasonable and based on common-sense -- my quarrel was he could have made it more succinctly , with better support , and with less verbosity.Oh well , enough said .
 Reading this book is like having to listen to your stoned parents bragging about how modern and cool they are for having a tevo , while you are busy hooking it up for them because they still ca n't figure out how to use it . Although de Zengotita brings up some interesting and important points , he has an incredibly convoluted -LRB- and , frankly , smug -RRB- writing style which unfortunately seems to be passing for intellectual rigor in the academy these days . A bigger problem is that he has n't made the effort to organize these insights into any coherent theory or even anything coherent , period . The result is that we are left snippets of insight coupled with the vague notion that he 's onto something really important , and frustrated with his refusal to exercise any intellectual or editorial discipline so that we can be more clear about what exactly that is .
 I wanted very much to like this book . I 'm keenly interested in the affect media has on individuals and society and have read quite a lot in this area . Zengotita 's breezy , intelligent and humorous style merely frustrated me . He presents mostly opinion , an extended essay . It is fascinating opinion , but not the sort of helpful fact-based analysis or data-driven synthesis I was hoping for . Perhaps if this is your first introduction to the field , the book would be enjoyable -LRB- though Neil Postman 's `` Amusing Ourselves to Death
 The front cover of the paperback version has a quote from Norman Mailer
 i loved the ideas presented in this book , and i do read alot of books about the media , modern technologies , and their effect on our lives and on the society . although the presented ideas are great , the style of the writing gets to me every time . absolutely terrible . im not sure if the author was trying to exemplify the mass confusions , lack of attention span of today 's society through the litteral writing , but it detracts from the points that he makes . many examples are presented have no form of organization whatsoever , and many arent even necessary . zengotita could have conveyed the message of the book in half the length and it would have been more effective than this book will ever be .
 His fragmentary thoughts are difficult to follow . There is some wisdom here and there , but not worth the headache you 'll get trying to decipher what is going on in his head . Here is an example : `` If you say your own name to yourself at such a moment , it will seem utterly alien . You will then understand the sacrament of baptism . '' Huh?At first , I thought his writing may just be over my head , but after re-reading most of it , I realized it was just bad . It 's like the whole book was written when he was high or something . Some very good ideas , but most can be found in other , better written books .
 This is a tough book to critique b/c my law school recommended it . The author writes a well organized book , but every chapter has been padded -- chapters that could have been concisely written in 20 pages drag out to sixty . Buy this book only if you have to and read it only if you must . You are n't going to learn anything definitive from these chapters and all the practicing lawyers I run into think the authors ideas are just plain silly . The best way to teach about trial advocacy is to include REAL transcripts from REAL cases , not made up stories about fire trucks and people late for work . Those work great -- on paper . Plus the book never answers the big question -- what is the author 's ACTUAL TRIAL EXPERIENCE ?
 You can get the hard copy of this for under $ 60.00 ! So someone explain why Amazon.com is asking $ 65.00 for this for the Kindle ! They save on paper , packaging , delivery , transportation , etc. , etc. . Amazon.com seems to have removed ALL incentive from buying the digital version ...
 Well selected collection of quotations , excellent drawings ; however the author has got a restricted and ego-centric view of life , people and the world . The example she gives to a stressful situation being a woman getting jealous of a friend who gets a diamond bracelet from her husband as a Valentine day present is the limit !
 Anyone wanting to read Hodge , should go with the three volume edition . Yes , there is far too much interaction with the pseudo-science of the day , but this `` abridgement '' lays waste to whole areas of interest to anyone who would want to read Hodge in the first place . It 's interesting that one of the areas where the cutting is most obvious is in the area where the `` editor '' disagrees with Hodge the most , that is the locus of `` eschatology '' . The editor is a Premillennialist and Hodge , like all Princetonians was a clear Postmillennialist . If you want to read Hodge without the excess verbiage , buy A.A Hodge 's `` Outlines of Theology '' , which is based on the very same lectures that Charles Hodge published as his Systematics . It 's simpler , yet does n't alter the truth the way this chopped-up mess does . This abridgement is a master maligned .
 This book was falsely advertised . It is only an &#34; Index &#34; , but that is not stated on its cover . The book &#34; inside &#34; conent as advertised had 13 chapters and 645 pages . This book , as received , had NO CONTENT . Page two of the book headlined INDEX , and had only 81 pages of index . I returned the book , and received another copy of the same book , which made it difficult to get a refund.Purchasing this was not a good experience .
 Micke Spick 's book was a disapointment . It is not very well researched and I found a lot of stories in it , which other books described better and more in depth . Some facts about the pilots are myths and have been shown to be wrong . The comments about the radar in the book are so brief that it gives you the wrong impression about the different approaches the germans and british had to this new technology . The tactics of the german pilots are only described briefly . Yes , we already know that the germans invented the `` rotte '' and the book goes tell you about `` schr&auml;ge musik '' , that the germans tried to shoot at very close range and so on and so on . There are no new facts in this book . For anyone who already read a few book about the airwar in europe , this book ca n't be recommended . It gets two stars because it is a fair introductory book at at low price .
 It seems like the author never took the time to do any research . Most of the information on tactics is either deducted from previously published pilot stories or based on common knowledge about the subject , and brings nothing new to the table . It 's probably a good , cheap and readable book for the novice but borrows heavily from well known sources , making it a waste of money for the person who already has a few book on the subject .
 I really hated this book.In two different stints as a member of the Military Book Club it is the only book I ever sent back .
 Klein , like the rest of the new theologians have bought into modernist philosophy . If you want solid traditional material on the sacraments I would avoid this like the plague . Fr . Gregory Klein writes in this book on page 86 , the following , `` Eucharist begins with the assembly , the people gather in the name of Jesus Christ . While the details of the environment in which the people gather , the occasion on which people gather , and the manner in which people gather are not unimportant , eucharist is about people . '' This is the prevailing mentality that modern theologians have today . Pope Benedict XVI however sees this theological position as being in complete contradiction to the true meaning of the liturgy and the Eucharist . `` For the Liturgy is not about us , but about God . Forgetting about God is the most imminent danger of our age . As against this , the Liturgy should be setting up a sign of God 's presence . '' -LRB- The Organic Development of Liturgy , page 13 -RRB- On page 83 he quotes known dissenter Fr . Richard P. McBrien , `` The ancient custom of reserving the eucharist for the sick and dying gradually led to the practice of placing tabernacles in churches , often on the altar , and the custom of eucharistic devotion tended to overshadow the actual celebration of the eucharist . '' It is clear that these `` new theologians '' view devotion to God in the Blessed Sacrament as being an obstruction to true `` Eucharistic '' celebration !
 This was a very difficult book for me to read as there was too much going on . Thoreau had a wandering mind as well as body , and that comes out quite well in this collection of his works . Unfortunately , I do n't like that sort of writing . It always felt like he was rambling and would never stick to one topic . While this is an admirable quality it is also frustrating . There were some interesting parts in this book . I particularly liked aspects of `` Civil Disobedience , '' the chapter in Walden on reading was riveting , and his `` Life Without Principles , '' had some interesting thoughts . And , too be fair , I read through this rather quickly . But , this is a book only for philosophers and Thoreau/Transcendentalist scholars . Average readers should stick with `` Civil Disobedience '' and Walden .
 Not the first time I 've read an anthology with stories by authors I love - for their full-length novels . Not the first time I 've been sorry about it . It 's a real challenge to write a stand-alone story about a character with 3 novels out there - and a novella has very different pacing demands from a full-length . Anyway , if you 've read the Walker papers , you 'll find Banshee Cries duplicates an awful lot of explanations -LRB- with the identical same phrases , which really gets my goat , did she just use generic fill material ? -RRB- Oh well , I 'll stick to the novels -LRB- which are really , really excellent and you should go and buy any full length by C.E Murphy right now ; you 'll thank me . -RRB-
 The story by Mercedes Lackey was written at the age 13 and below level . Very juvenile and predictable , and about on a par with her Gryphon series , particularly the second and third book . I felt as if she was just hacking the story out to have something to offer during this time period . Her characters were way too wooden and without interest . The other two stories by Tanith Lee and C.E. Murphy failed to hold my interest past the first three or four pages , and I 'd have a hard time telling you what they were about . This just is n't worth the money .
 It took me quiet long to get into all of the three stories !! The last one from C.E. Murphy was probly the one that i liked most but i was a liitle dissapointed . It did not really meet my expectiations
 The book tells a good story , with some thrilling parts . However , do n't expect `` The Runaway Jury '' , `` The Firm '' or `` The Pelican Brief '' . This book is nowhere close to the quality of Grisham 's other books . Most of the story is uneventful , without the action levels we are used to .
 This book was horrible . Predictable , circular , pointless , ridiculous . This is not at all what I expected from John Grisham . Do n't waste your time or money . I wish they had a zero star rating . It would go to this book .
 The only other JG book that beats this one for crapness is ` the street lawyer ' . Unfortunately , because JG 's writing style is so good , I ca n't even put the bad ones down , however I did stop reading this one halfway through and came back to it . As someone else has noted here it seems to lack any sort of real direction .
 This book was a real snooze . It seemed to go on forever . The ending was incredibly anti-climactic . Grisham could have done something bold at the end -LRB- think sister -RRB- , but went with some obscure , hardly believable , ending . Very , very weak . Do n't waste your money or time . Unless you need something to put you to sleep .
 I have read 12 of Grisham 's 17 novels . He truly gave the best of himself at the beginning of his writing career and has been on a downhill slide ever since . He used to write books that I literally could not put down . I had to force myself to finish this book . It had none of the page-turning , pulse-pounding suspense of his earlier books . It was just ... boring . On top of that I found it to be sloppy , too . There were times when he told us -LRB- again -RRB- what he had just told us 2 pages earlier . Whoever edited this book also missed several mistakes -LRB- Miss Callie would have counted ! -RRB- Want good Grisham ? Go back and just reread his older stuff because he 's obviously not going to give us anything new that comes anywhere near his earlier books . If you 're dead set of reading this , check it out from the library . Do n't waste money on it .
 This was nothing like any of Grisham 's past novels ... the title alone is nothing like you 'd expect . First , there was no ` last ' juror ... only 3 died in the book . And there was no single juror that held any precidence over the others at all that had any major plot line of the story . I feel that two thirds of the novel is completely irrelevant . I 'm sure that it would be interesting to anyone wanting to know about the history of Clanton during the 70 's ; to them it would have been astounding ... but no , it was a historical bore!I wanted a courtroom thriller , but really , any drama in the courtroom happened completely randomly in the last 10 pages ... I kept reading only because I wanted the monotonous story line to end.If you are looking forward to one another one of Grisham 's better thriller , wait till his next book ... this one is a bore from page 5 through 455 . Sleep Tight !!
 This book is a boring yarn that I thought would never end . It has no particular plot and just rambles away . I fail to understand why the author thought that this might be interesting .
 This is by far the worst ever Grisham book . It is like no other Grisham , in that there is barely any courtroom action . The chapters seem thrown together , and NOTHING happens . The only reason I kept reading was to see if anything would develop . Read any other Grisham .
 Not another one again ! I just do n't understand Mr Grisham 's maniacal obssesion with juries . Who knows how many lawyer and jury books the guy has written ? All I know is this
 MY WIFE READ IT , SAID IT WAS OK . SHE AND I HAVE READ EVERY GRISHAM BOOK AND LIKED MOST . THIS BOOK BORED ME TO TEARS . IF IT WAS 10 CHAPTERS INSTEAD OF 40 PLUS IT WOULD HAVE BEEN A GOOD SHORT STORY . DONT BUY IT , BORROW IT IF YOU MUST READ THE LATEST GRISHAM .
 I thought after the very weak effort on Bleachers he would bounce back with one of his best efforts . WRONG ! Do n't waste your money , reading this book is less exciting than listening to Nora Jones .
 John Grisham may well be the very best author working in the U.S. today . Let 's just get that out of the way up front , since everyone seems to repeat it ad nasuem . He 's one of the greats - and , unlike many lesser authors , his creativity has not dried up over all these years.But having dabbled in fictional writing myself , I came up with roughly the same storyline as this book . While I did n't complete a manuscript , I did manage to get a few chapters -LRB- as well as a complete outline ... hmmmmm ... -RRB- to several publishers . Oh , and before I forget to specify , this was all more than 3 years ago.So it goes without saying that I was loathe to finish reading this book , and my opinion remains somewhat biased . Of course I love the story - but I loved it more when I was telling it ! Please keep in mind , I 'm not making any accusations .
 This is by far the worst Grisham yet . Too many Good Ole Boys , Bubbas and babbling . Absolutely no suspense , drama or reason to continue reading . Fall asleep on the front porch of an historic falling-down old home in a boring small town with this one . Let 's hope Grisham hangs up his lucrative contractual hat with this bomb . Pass this up for almost any David Baldacci or Dan Brown read you can get your hands on .
 The main theme of Grisham model of the dialectic paradigm of narrative is not theory , but subtheory . However , the stasis , and hence the collapse , of postcapitalist narrative which is a central theme of The Pelican Brief emerges again in The Last Juror , although in a more self-sufficient sense.The characteristic theme of the works of Grisham is not discourse , as Derrida would have it , but postdiscourse . If the dialectic paradigm of narrative holds , we have to choose between neodialectic rationalism and deconstructivist capitalism . Therefore , the dialectic paradigm of narrative holds that consciousness serves to marginalize the underprivileged.Marx promotes the use of neodialectic rationalism to modify sexuality . However , the primary theme of Long 's analysis of the dialectic paradigm of narrative is not desituationism , but predesituationism.The premise of neodialectic rationalism holds that the State is part of the fatal flaw of consciousness , given that art is interchangeable with consciousness . But any number of narratives concerning realism exist . `` Art is intrinsically impossible , '' says Derrida . The destruction/creation distinction prevalent in Joyce 's Finnegan 's Wake is also evident in The Last Juror . In a sense , Baudrillard 's model of the textual paradigm of reality suggests that reality is part of the defining characteristic of narrativity .
 I am a huge fan of John Grisham , have read all of his books , but I have to admit , I have been disappointed with his last few books and The Last Juror takes the cake in that department . It has a great plot , but Mr. Grisham goes no where with it . It starts off very strong , but half way through and all the way to the end , it is awful . I found myself skimming through the pages asking myself `` what in the world does this have to do with the story ? '' . Any Grisham fan out there should read it just to read it , but do not expect anything that Grisham 's potential has to offer .
 I 'm a big fan of John Grisham early works ... Runaway Jury , Time to Kill etc. . But this story and The Summons sucked . I read the The Summons all the way through and I never felt the suspense and after I got to the ending I felt stupid for forcing myself through the book . This story I decided not to even finish . The stories susposed to be about a man coming back and killing the jurors after he gets out of the jail . So I 'm thinking that theres going to be about a 100 or so pages leading up to the man getting out of jail then there would be the killings . I got over halfway through the book which was very boring and I was still reading about the time surrounding the trial . I could n't figure out the point of all this extra info . So I gave up . Do n't waste your time if you 're a fan of the early John Grisham .
 If you 're looking for the typical Grisham `` thriller '' , this is not the book . The Last Juror is disappointing at best ! The story that is outlined on the book jacket takes more than one third of the book to unfold . In other words , the book jacket told us the same thing that a full one third of the book told us . The second third is barely readable ! It has absolutely nothing to do with the plot . The book is certainly not what the reader is looking for when reading a Grisham novel.Grisham has indeed earned the financial freedom to discover other genre 's , but I wish the publisher would n't try to fool the reader into thinking this is another legal thriller .
 I was extremely disappointed with the entire book . I forced myself to finish it , hoping it might get better . I found myself skipping entire paragraphs and missing nothing in the process . The characters are all completely forgettable , and so is the story . The end was predictable , and any moron could have guessed why the jurors were being eliminated.Please do n't write another book , Mr. Grisham.This was a complete waste of time .
 Being a huge Grisham fan , I could not wait to read The Last Juror . That quickly turned to being unable to wait to finish it ! The book began great , but quickly changed . It just seemed like it did not know where it was going ... so many things , too many things were going on . I 'd pass on this one .
 John Grisham 's books tend to be easy to read . Unfortunately , his latest books do not live up to `` The Firm '' or `` The Client . '' The plot of `` The Last Juror '' was so simple that it did n't take a rocket scientist to guess what would happen next . That is n't necessarily a bad thing , but this story line left you feeling unsatisified . I compare it to going to a great restaurant and not getting enough to eat . After plowing through 355 pages , you are left with a `` is that it ? '' reaction . The ending was n't enough to make you feel full when you left the table .
 Grisham disappoints the reader in this drab novel . Too many inconsequential characters , which makes the book choppy to read . Granted , a surprize ending , but not enough to propel the novel into a mediocre book .
 This book was a nice narrative but you can clearly see how the marketing folks got a hold of it and tried to sell it as a thriller . It is n't one .
 I was very disappointed with this book , in that it did not follow his usual genre . I did not read reviews ahead of time or I would not have purchased the book . I am an avid reader of his books and buy them as soon as they are on the market . The jacket of the book was very misleading . I kept waiting for the trial to be over so we could get on with the riveting story of the revenge issue . It never got off the ground . I almost did not finish the book . The redeeming factor in the book is the relationship with the last juror , which was the whole point of the book . It should have been advertised that way on the book jacket .
 Will the real John Grisham stand up please ! This makes 3 in a row ... surely he is on vacation and this is written by someone else . Where is the wonderful detailed stories of the past .
 It 's been awhile since I read a John Grisham novel because I 'm not a big fan of contemporary writing . However , after reading the dust cover of The Last Juror , I was hooked . I braced myself for a thriller reminscent of A Time to Kill -LRB- after all both books were set in the same small Mississippi town -RRB- . I was sorely disappointed . Grisham tosses in almost everything but the kitchen sink in this novel as he waxes poetic on small town life in Mississippi , the evils of Wal-Mart , and the wonders of Southern cooking . This is a great sentimental novel but as a thriller it lacks punch .
 I have always been a fan of John Grisham 's writing , defending him in the face of my intellectual friends who consider him to be formulaic and predictable . My response has always been , `` Who cares , as long as he keeps writing books with such scintillating plots and characters ? `` But this latest offering is a bitter disappointment . The pace is plodding and never amounts to anything
 Looking to kill a few hours poolside I was hoping for a ` typical ' Grisham courtroom thriller and picked this up . I must say that the hours at poolside did pass eventually and without fatalities , but I was disappointed in this novel . It 's not his very worst , but it 's certainly not up to the level of storytelling which made John Grisham 's early books so tense.The plot has been summarized by so many other reviewers there is no point in rehashing it here ; suffice to say that yes , there are courtroom scenes , but they and any legal wrangling behind the trial do not form in any way the central part of the book . A crime is committed , the culprit identified , tried and sentenced , and then the second half of the book gets started.This is too bad because the story Grisham really wants to tell , about small-town life in Mississippi cast against a background where the Vietnam , Civil Rights , race relations and school integration struggles are all raging , drags and meanders for substantial parts of the book , and the central character -LRB- the narrator -RRB- comes across as a little bit overly correct.Several of the secondary small-town characters are well-drawn and Grisham does bring out the atmosphere well . But he uses them all ultimately to tell the story first of a young and somewhat callow man who grows into a more mature human being -LRB- which is fine if much better done by countless other writers -RRB- , and second of a woman , the juror of the title , who is so earnestly and reverently portrayed that the Virgin Mary , Mother Teresa , and Gandhi would frankly be jealous of the treatment . Grisham 's point is perfectly clear , absolutely hammer on the head clear , but it would be made far more effectively if the characters were a bit more believeable . The crimes and legal action in the book wind up just being the device by which Grisham presents these two main characters , and frankly the payoff just is n't worth the effort .
 I like John Grisham , but I think his more recent novels have been lacking in the storyline department . THE LAST JUROR is a typical example.This book is a fairly decent coming-of-age novel about a young journalist growing up in a deep southern town in Mississippi . Unfortunately , there is not much of a plot that holds the events of THE LAST JUROR together . Instead , we get a rather rambling , slow-moving narrative that takes place over a ten-year period , with a generous dollop of Grisham 's political views on Vietnam , Wal-Mart , religion , and a couple of other hot-button issues.THE LAST JUROR is not a suspense novel or a thriller -LRB- despite being marketed as one -RRB- . The plot described on the dust jacket of this novel does n't really get started until maybe the last 80 pages or so . The whole revenge plot feels tacked on and phony . The ending is anti-climactic , to say the least.I think Grisham is an entertaining writer , and his description of life in a small Southern town in the 1970s is actually very interesting in spots . There are some scenes in this novel that are quite charming and enjoyable . But , in the end , it does n't add up to a good suspense novel , and that 's what I thought I paid money for.If you 're looking for a good thiller , my advice is to try Grisham 's earlier work , or the books of Greg Isles instead .
 I usually enjoy Grisham 's books and even tolerate his political views but this book was dreadfully boring . The story just lacked the thrill and suspense of his former books and the plot was just too predictable . The end was so disappointing that I kept thinking that I missed something . Would not recommend this book unless you need something to put you to sleep .
 I took this book on vacation expecting a great read and it turned out to be a boring tedious read . If not for the Grisham name this book would not be on any best seller list . Reading this book was a chore not a pleasure . I finished the book and was still waiting for something to happen . Dont waste your time
 This feels like Grisham 's attempt to write Southern literature , rather than suspense fiction . The entire book feels like a feeble attempt to imitate Harper Lee . Do n't let the book jacket fool you , a full 1/3 of the book cover stuff that is n't related to the trial at all.The editing is also poor . Once he used the same exact descriptive sentence in two different places in the novel . In another , he describes a young man wants to be a draft dodger but is convinced to go to Vietnam by his parents . Less than 10 pages later Grisham writes that the parents begged their son not to go.The entire plot is a let down . There is no suspense , the `` surprise ending '' meager and predictable , and Grisham wastes half the novel writing about utter non-sense that is not related to the story and is not charming .
 Wow , was this book bad . I 've read just about every Grisham novel , and while some have been good and some a little weak , this one was clearly the worst . For one thing , you could have easily cut out 80 % of the pages to tell the `` thriller '' part of the story . I understand that is n't the whole thing the book is supposed to be about , but you literally at times wonder if that story is ever going to get told . There are SO many instances where Grisham wanders off on a tangent for NO REASON relevant to the story . Why do we have to hear all about Grisham 's enlightened views on the Vietnam war through the eyes of a main character back in the 70 's . It has NO bearing on any aspect of the story . Its just odd , unrelated filler . Same goes for an investigation and cataloging of all the southern churches and their basic tenets . Its always good to learn something in a fiction novel , but that `` something '' should be in the course of telling the story , not oddly jammed in with no relevance except to fill pages.And , its not as if waiting around for the ending was worth it either . It is dull and disappointing . Which is a pretty good summary of the whole book . If you are looking for a more entertaining page-turner this summer , try something from Brad Meltzer , like The Zero Game or The Millionaires .
 This has been the worst book from Grisham than I have ever read . It was a waisting time . Page after page I was expecting things change or come better but at the end I was dissapointed with this book . I should read the amazon rate before buy this book . I 'll do next time .
 The first Grisham I read was The Partner . I loved it and proceeded to plow through every one of his books . In the last five to six years , save The Brethren , his books have become nothing more than essays that go nowhere . After now having read The Broker and The Last Juror -LRB- both having only the thinest of plots - if they can be called plots -RRB- I can confidently say I would only buy another Grisham if all the book stores and publishers in the world burned down and someone was giving one away . You may think I 'm being harsh , but I get the feeling Grisham 's heart is no longer in it and he is only writing for his publisher and hip pocket now .
 This is the worst book I 've ever read because it was advertised as a THRILLER but there was zero suspense . It was such a boring book that it 's a wonder that I even finished it . In contrast , I read the DA Vinci Code in 3 days because I simply could n't put the book down.If the Last Juror had been advertised as a novel about a small Southern town , somewhat like To Kill A Mockingbird , I would have had a different mindset and probably would have enjoyed it more . I read Mockingbird in 3 days also .
 Willie Traynor was born in Memphis , but was educated in at Syracuse . That makes him an outsider , and perhaps a Northerner , in the eyes of small-town Clanton , Mississippi residents . When this fresh out-of-college youngster takes the reigns of the failing local newspaper , therefore , success is dubious . Luckily for Mr. Traynor , a horrifying murder is just the headline to shock his newspaper back to profitability.A young widower and mother is brutally raped and murdered by Danny Padgitt , the scion of an influential outlaw family . Where once the Padgitt family was treated with fearful deference , Willie attacks head-on with bold front page stories and incriminating photography at substantial risk to himself and his business , . Danny Padgitt is ultimately convicted , but surprisingly is spared the death penalty . In open court , he swears revenge on the jury . By greasing the wheels of the Mississippi penal system , the Padgitt family succeeds in getting Danny released after serving only 9 years . Then , jurors start dying.Though the plot is not without interest , this is certainly not one of John Grisham 's better novels . The foreshadowing , in particular , seems heavy-handed and will probably , for many , ruin or at least dampen any surprise at the conclusion . I , having decided I had `` figured out '' the book about halfway through , found it difficult to slog through the last portion of the novel . Likewise , the `` Southern '' color is laid on pretty heavily and , though I can claim to be no expert , appears fake-y . Bountiful home-cooked meals fixed by a heavy-set , strongly religious , older black woman , for some reason , sets off my cliche-dar . I also found the narrative point-of-view distracting . The book felt , to me , more like an odd memoir than a riveting crime/legal thriller.The book , however , does have the courtroom drama and the supporting extra-judicial action that makes a novel a Grisham novel . The writing is easy and breezy - just the thing to pass some time on a beach or an airplane . As a bonus , you may recognize some of the characters and settings from some of Grisham 's other books - perhaps the beginning of a series exploring the depths of Clanton , Mississippi ?
 Usually John Grisham 's books are a pageturner . Unfourtantly , The Last Juror is not one of those . I 'm not even sure what the title is refering to . The first half of the book starts out strong but the 2nd and 3rd parts are weak . Parts of the book talks about Danny Padgitt but once the trial ends , it seems like Grisham is just filling paper to get a full length novel . There are even parts of the book where it 's just gibberish . In fact , some things do n't belong here.Last time Grisham visited Ford County was in the book A Time to Kill and that was 10 times better then The Last Juror as it had was filled with suspense and mystery but in The Last Juror , there 's none of that . I like Grisham 's past books but this one falls flat throughout .
 Alright , let me set a few things straight from the get-go
 I used to be an avid John Grisham fan . I would anxiously wait for his books to come out and be one of the first to purchase a book . Lately , his books have strayed and have not caught my interest . This book sounded like it could be in line with his first books , so I was anxious to read it . I can usually finish a Grisham book in less than a day ... this one dragged for about a week . I forced myself to finish it so I could start a new book . The main character is not very interesting and it makes it hard to feel any involvement in the choices he makes in his life . If John Grisham continue the same trend , I will have to find a new author to enjoy .
 A thriller should thrill . This book is so besotted with its politically correct agenda that it forgets to entertain and is a great yawn instead . First , a disclaimer
 What a disappointment - the introduction sounded soooo interesting ; well , the book was interesting up to the point of the trial and conviction of Danny Padgitt ; Then , instead of projecting ahead as the book promises after Padgitt gets out of jail in 9 years , Mr. Grisham is now rambling on and on ; i am two thirds through this book -LRB- by the way i started out absolutely loving it -RRB- and there is still no mystery , no suspense about the revenge of Danny Padgitt-so when does the retribution begin Mr. Grisham ? did you get lost somewhere in time and begin to love your writing to much you forgot where the storyline was going ? I wish i could get a refund . You know the real kicker is , i really enjoyed the book so much until Mr. Grisham got lost in space somewhere with all the characters in this town in Mississippi -- puh-lease -- i will finish the book because i bought it but i would not recommend you spend your hard earned money on it ; if you must wait till it comes out in paperback if you ca n't resist Mr. Grisham 's books .
 At the heart of the book is an excellent detective story of perhaps 100 pages which matches the better pieces of Agatha Christie . The trouble is that Grisham padded it out to a full-scale novel by throwing in everything but the kitchen sink
 At first , The Last Juror held my interest like most of Grisham 's books do . After the murder trial , which takes place very quickly , the book begins to sag . It becomes a diary of small-town living as seen through the eyes of city slicker Willie Traynor and does n't pick up much again . What a disappointment .
 Ok I am not saying this is a bad book - it does hold your attention and there is a little twist at the end but it is just not what I have come to expect from Grisham . I expect more law talk , suspense and action - this bordered on Chick Lit . There is nothing wrong with talking about people 's feelings but that should be in a book by Danielle Steele not Grisham .
 I enjoy Grisham . The man can tell a story ! But this time , it was a slow , boring story . This is even worse than Bleachers . It 's predictable , it 's uneventful , ... Very disappointing .
 Master storyteller has tried to view at the legal proceedings with a journalist 's -LRB- who is an outright opportunist , albeit with some moral standing -RRB- perspective . The descriptions of the events in the courtroom are pretty repetitive . A nasty defence lawyer with no ethical groundings , a domineering judge who 's supportive to the victim , a diverse and vacillating jury and a small town setting . Sounds familier?But all said and done , there are very few individuals who can spin a story around a single disturbing event . Although this time , the most critical ingredient of Grisham 's tales is lacking . Strong characters . Be it The Rainmaker , The Firm or even the offbeat A Painted House , they all had very well defined characters who all had a role to play in the climax of the story . This is where the book falls short of expectations . Perhaps the element of suspense would have saved the day . But the suspense builds up in parts and looses momentum midway before picking up little bit in the end . A uniform thread of suspense would have held the diverse events together.Maybe something better is coming our way from Grisham next time !
 This book was so disappointing . I 've red lots of John Grisham 's books , and I found this one almost totally uninteresting . I kept waiting for something exciting or suspenseful to happen , and even the waiting was n't written suspensefully!Certainly not up to John Grisham 's standards .
 I kept waiting for the story to start , but it never did . I hung in there , thinking that eventually something was going to happen . Even when there was a ripple of an event , it was written about in an uninteresting way . No suspence , no intrigue , just a waste of time in my opinion .
 I think John Grisham usually writes excellent legal thrillers , but this one was horrible . He seemed to be very wordy without having a point . He dragged things on , the conclusion was poor and unfullfilling for all the time put into reading the plot . The characters were likable , but just did not seem to go anywhere .
 I was ready for a great story in typical Grisham style . What I got was a chick flick . I usually quit a book like this after 90 to 100 pages . I should have this time . However , I kept hoping the story would get better . Save your money and re-read the firm .
 I must admit that I fell asleep often while reading this book ... which is rare because John Grisham usually keeps me up all night with his usual page turners . I thought this would be a come back after `` Bleachers '' , which bored me to tears , but I was sadly mistaken . Can we please see more of the old `` John Grisham '' next time ?
 This having been his first legal thriller in a couple years , I was not completely impressed by the movement or character development in this book . I have read all of Grisham 's books and would easily place this near the bottom of the list.The initial concept is interesting , but his storytelling was lackluster and characters a bit cliched.I kept thinking the `` crime family '' resembled the Clampetts and his protaganist was unbelievable at times . A lot of the characters were shallow , and the end was disappointing.If you are going to read this , wait for the paperback or get it from the library.Or just re-read the good ones
 Several good court scenes are not enough to salvage this book , as Grisham stretches the plot needlessly through page after page . Actually , although this book is fast-enough reading , you can get through it even faster by checking out the plot summary on the dust jacket . It takes you up to page 291 -LRB- out of about 370 -RRB- . Even then , the ending is rather anticlimactic.Hard-core Grisham fans , wanting to preserve their record of reading everything he 's written , will have a reason to read this book . The rest of us can surely find better ways to spend even the short time needed to read it .
 2 * Hm ... Mr Grisham has set the action of three of his 14 legal thrillers in the small town of Clanton in Ford County , in `` rural Southern Mississippi '' . The first one was `` A Time to Kill '' -LRB- 1989 -RRB- , the action of which takes place in the mid - ' 80 's ; the second one , `` The Summons '' -LRB- 2002 -RRB- ; this one -LRB- 2004 -RRB- sees its events over a span of 9 years -LRB- 1970-79 -RRB- , thus preceding those of the other two novels . We find again some of the characters portrayed in the first book
 Thought it would be another great courtroom thriller like Runaway Jury or The Partner . Instead , it 's a long winded , wandering human interest story .
 In between the taut exciting thrillers Grisham used to wirte and the pointless drivel of A Painted House and Skipping Christmas . The first part was pretty good , not predictable at all , but then he just changed modes and starting droning on and on about boring small town life and did n't get back to the story until near the end . I long for the days of The Firm , A Time To Kill , The Partner , The Runaway Jury . Those were books I could n't put down . It 's been several years since Grisham 's produced anything like that . This will be the last hardcover Grishal novel I buy -- from now on , I wait for the paperback .
 Help me finish this boring book . Stuck on page 200 or so and page after page of some boring town election . He cant create suspense , he can barely stay awake writing his own books . How did anyone finish this book ?
 `` He returned to Ford County , and the retribution began . '' Kudos to the person who wrote this line ; you certainly know how to sell a book . You sold one to me , and I have n't bought a Grisham book in years . I thought I was in for a tightly-wound tale of suspense and intensity as a released killer wreaked vengeance on an entire jury , that it would come down to the last juror , and that he or she , along with the usual assortment of beer-drinking , barbeque loving , eccentric friends almost every Grisham main character has in tow , would triumph in a spectacular , bang-up conclusion . Not so.What I did get was Grisham 's very accurate descriptions of small-town southern life . The town of Clanton is the true main character in this book , and it was an interesting enough character to keep me happy and reading . Also interesting is following Willie around as he tries to develop his paper into a publication people have to have . As usual , Grisham shows us that the path to success is certain to have its share of days when you feel like a loser or a fool.However , many things about the book bothered me . I realized early on who the real person to watch out for was ; Grisham made it obvious . It left me wondering about Grisham 's assessment of his readers ' IQ . Another troubling aspect of the book was how certain events were described after the fact and with only a few sentences . It felt like he was a tour guide in a museum , running behind schedule , hurrying you through the exhibits with the condensed version of facts . Often times there was too much information given about things that did n't really matter and not enough about things that did . People appeared and disappeared with seemingly no other purpose than to pad a few paragraphs or pages . To be fair , in life we come into contact with lots of people each day who take up our time but will have little to do with the outcome of our personal stories . But in a book , if you take up lots of print , you better be about something important!To conclude , if you are a Grisham fan no matter what , read the book . You will enjoy it and think I do n't know jack , giving it only 2 stars . There are some suprises and plenty of nice moments , the kind that make you think John Grisham would be a good guy to sit on the front porch with and wax poetic about life , spurred on by cold beer and a comfortable rocking chair .
 About halfway through this book I turned to the front and counted how many books the author had already written before this one ... 16 . So this is his 17th novel . Like many other reviewers , my overall criticism is there is a lot of padding or `` fill '' . I have no idea , but it seems like the motivation to write this book might have been low and he just was n't focused on how this novel was going to turn out .
 Rarely have so many cliches about the South been found in one single place . The black lady with 7 children all with Ph.D. 's was too much for me ! Her sexually adventurous 8th child was more believable .
 I LOVE John Grisham . I have read almost all his books , but this one ... . I could n't even read beyond the first hundred pages . It is so slow , a lot of narrative . It looks more like a history book than a thriller one . I did n't like at all .
 If you like the Grisham novels where it 's non-stop action and suspense all the way through the novel , this book is NOT for you . It is not even close to his other jury titled book `` The Runaway Jury . '' This books is very slow and the real mystery only begins in the last 50 pages . Up to that point , it is very slow and actually boring . Quite a drop-off from Grisham 's usually high standards in my opinion
 I am still a big fan of Grisham 's earlier books , especially Pelican Brief , but I think he 's run out of ideas . The Last Juror is tired , boring , derivative and a waste of time .
 If you read the description on the back cover , you will get the idea that this is a taut thriller about a convicted murderer seeking revenge on those that put him away . Does n't that sound exciting ? Actually , it is anything but . This is John Grisham 's ode to life in a small southern town and his regret for what such towns have lost . While the trial-related story starts off promisingly enough , the trial ends about a third of the way into the book , but the story just lumbers on without direction . Through the eyes of his narrator , a young newspaper editor , Grisham takes the soapbox on issues such as desegregation and a not very veiled attack on Wal-Mart and its effect on small town America , revealing his liberal leanings . The novel should more appropriately have been called `` Dinners with Miss Callie '' since much of the the book centers around his relationship with a middle-aged black woman from the `` wrong side of the tracks . '' Pages and pages are dedicated simply to descriptions of the southern dishes she prepares . If this is your cup of tea , then by all means , pick up a copy of the Last Juror . But do n't be fooled by the marketing campaign .
 A college journalism dropout buys a struggling rural county newspaper in Mississippi , only to find himself embroiled in a sensational murder trial . Really a portrait of the deep rural South in the decade after the end of Jim Crow , with some crime and suspense thrown in.But Grisham uses much of the novel to editorialize , through his protagonist , against the Vietnam War , against Wal-Mart , and in favor of forced busing . The only area where conservatives come out well is where some of the best characters attend church regularly . Read some politically incorrect history after reading this one to get a balanced view .
 Kind of reminds me of a good ol' boy talking about the ol' days and oh , by the way , let 's throw about 4 pages of story into all the reminiscing .
 John Grisham should stop churning out a book a year and focus on regaining the skills he had when he wrote A TIME TO KILL . Each `` novel '' has become progressively less satifying . I barely skimmed the last hundred pages of THE LAST JUROR.That 's it for me with Grisham books .
 I was convinced by a friend to start reading books from John Grisham . I have n't read that many , but this one was AWEFUL . It was sooo drawn out , and basically a waste of my time.However , I must say that I liked `` The Summons '' , `` The Testament '' , and so far I 'm liking `` The King of Torts . ''
 I am completely mystified by the reviewers who gave this book more than one star.Mr.Grisham obviously wrote this in the hours between breakfast and lunch AND on a Sunday after church services.I got so tired of listening -LRB- book on tape -RRB- to his descriptions about FOOD . Ok , the author was hungry -- we get it.The church visitations were also useless -LRB- and there were a lot of those ! -RRB- . And gee , got any political convictions you 'd like to share ? ZZZzzzzzz.Michael Beck did a fine job as reader -LRB- although Harry Rex sounded like he was speaking with large wad of chew stuffed in his mouth -RRB- . I just did n't like any of the characters -LRB- Willie was such a pompous so-and-so -RRB- . This was not a courtroom drama or a revenge thriller . It just went on and on and on.I think someone needs to nuke Clanton right off the map .
 This was so boring . There was too much emphasis on secondary characters , not enough on the plot . I was very disappointed .
 The ending is was a total let down .
 I was disappointed with Grisham 's latest book , The Last Juror . The book slowly plodded along with no real direction . Not much a story
 I have read most , if not all , of Grishams books and this one was by far the worst !! I 've actually stopped reading it about 3/4 the way through because i have ZERO interest in finishing it . It is very boring , has no suspense , and jumps around a lot . I kept waiting for something to happen and nothing ever did .
 I am from Mississippi and went to school at Ole Miss , so , I am supposed to love John Grisham 's books . I used not be able to wait until the next book came out.I find his books to all be cut from the same cloth . What happened to the great suspense books like The Firm and The Pelican Brief ? It seems to me that Mr. Grisham is losing his passion for writing . Much like the main character in this book , I think that Mr. Grisham is just trying to produce a story fast enough to meet a deadline set by his publisher and just good enough to pass the minimum requirements needed to sell a few copies.In a nutshell , Mr. Grisham 's books are becoming steadily worse . My advice -- do n't waste your time reading this book .
 The story was kind of interesting in the beginning , but went wayward in the middle and finally ended without a fizzle . It was bland and flat . I 'm not sure it 's worth being hard covered .
 I am a big fan of John Grisham , but this book has to be his worst . While the characters were enjoyable , I 'm not quite sure there was a point to the book at all . There was no suspense , or mystery , or anything worth grasping . It went along at a snails pace and I think this could have been written in 100 pages instead of 355 pages . Do n't waste your time or money .
 I am a big John Grisham fan and have read all his books . I think I only read them out of habit now because I have not enjoyed the last few . This was one of the most boring books I have read in a long time . I think John Grisham should take a few years off and then maybe he would be able to write like he did 10 years ago . I plodded through this book hoping it would get better , not really caring about the characters and finding it very predictable . It never did get better but it did end !
 I consider myself a huge Grisham fan . I thoroughly enjoy his writing but I also notice the decline in substance of his material . Lack of new material ? Boredom ? The Last Juror is not up to par with his first few published books , notably , A Time to Kill and The Firm , books I enjoyed immensely and could n't put down . This book I was able to walk away from for days without missing it . It was disappointingly predictable and at times , annoying . I was extremely annoyed by the ease of the main character , Willie 's life even though he tried to make us think it was so difficult and painstaking at times . Things just seemed to fall into his lap without much effort . Poor Kid < insert sarcasm > . Willie 's relationship with Miss Callie although I applaud Mr. Grisham 's attempt to prove racial tolerance and acceptance by his main character , I was annoyed by the blatant stereotypes in which he wrote his black characters . Even though he had all of the Ruffin children earning doctorate degrees , you never saw any of them actually working , especially the women . They were always in the kitchen cooking and their husbands were almost obedient little children . The women always rushed to the kitchen to cook or get food and this is one of the typical Aunt Jemima stereotypes of black women -LRB- including being extremely over weight -RRB- . It was not believable to me that Willie would have been as accepted to the Ruffin family as he was in the book , or that he would have taken the time to be a family chauffer or mediator . Willie laud and loathed Clanton in the same chapter and by the end of the book we really was n't sure how he felt about living there . Not Grisham 's best and it seemed he was reaching for a story here . I think its time for me to retire him .
 For a John Grisham book , I was a bit disappointed with the writing style . It took me at least 100 pages to become remotely interested and even then I still wanted to put it down . The storyline seemed interesting enough
 Is it one story or a bunch of mini-stories totally un-related . Huge disappointment
 The author is losing his touch . The book has more to do with Buying a News Paper and running stories , like about writing about a family 's story -LRB- Ruffins -RRB- , Vietnam War or Elections.Very disappointing
 I want to start by saying that I loved The Firm and liked several others of John Grisham 's books . But this book was a huge disappointment . There was way too much time spent talking about church visits and introducing yet another new undeveloped character . The middle of the book drags and lacks direction . The best part of the book was the relationship he has with Callie 's family . The nine years that Padgitt spends in jail could have and should have been condensed !
 After I have read this book , I had the feeling to be in Southern , with its hot and humidity , but I had preferred a different story to spend my holidays . The title is not what you expect , because there is a trial , yes , and a jury , yes , but is a small part of the book . While you are reading The Last Juror , you are learning how was the life in Claton -LRB- Miss -RRB- and how a 21 years old , can run a paper with a loan from his grandma.The book is as reading obituaries , nice ones , but no more .
 I 've enjoyed a few Grisham novels but this one fell mostly flat for this reader . I guess I prefer the fast paced legal action thrillers that he is known for . It started out great with a horrific murder and dramatic small-town trial but detoured quickly into a commentary of life in Mississippi in the 70 's which made it a slow page turner for me .
 Not really the author 's meatiest books and it doesnt really present a ` page turner ' feel to it . I found myself bored thru parts of this book . Its a decent read but not a winner .
 Interesting , richly described , yet like so many of the detailed meals Grisham -LRB- it 's clearly intervention time , John has become a full blown ` Foodie ' -RRB- has so lavishly described in `` The Last Juror '' and `` The Broker , '' I was left with heartburn and an uneasy I do n't think it was worth the effort feeling . Ultimately , it was satisfying , but it did n't leave me wanting more.Wonderful subtle humor sprinkled masterfully throughout the work to lighten the weighty themes . In general , the subplots often meandered for page after page , but frequently led nowhere ; obviously , designed to tantalize and engage the reader of possible conflicts and situations that never materialize . All too often , Grisham 's characters seemed more likeCaricatures of polarized moral extremes that can be only be written with the moral certitude of today 's lenses , than truly flesh and blood characters -- but thankfully this work is much less preachy than `` The Street Lawyer . `` For me , the ending was a half frozen peach cobbler , sure you can swallow it , but it was n't what you were expecting from an author of Grishman 's talent -- it was like catching the last ten seconds of Paul Harvey 's `` The Rest of the Story '' without truly having all the details to lead you to the `` ah-ha moment . `` After reading the book , I am beginning understand why AAA used to issue advisories against out of state motorists driving in parts of Mississippi and Louisiana . Sure there are some great people , some interesting sites , but is the risk worth the reward ?
 Definitely - miles off being his best and certainly not a good book.What I hated about this book was Grisham 's inability to hold himself back from rehearsing his pet likes and dislikes.Why do I need detailed descriptions of all the scrummy grub our protagonist is eating ? What is the point ? No wonder Americans are so obese with this obsession about food . Grisham - it seems - ca n't go five minutes without mentioning ice-cream - or pizza - or potato with gravy.It 's truly pathetic . Why does n't he just put a bundle of recipes or extracts from his fave menus at the back and just get on with story?What is ironic -LRB- and Grisham ca n't see this -RRB- - is that our wonderful black lady mother figure dies of a heart attack and stroke - all because she crammed so much grub in her mouth and fed the world with fat soaked dinners.Anyway - we are treated to drooling mentions of Italy - which is another of Grisham 's pet love themes . Then we get the hate themes
 This was a first . I enjoy Grisham 's books . But this one fell off hard . Perhaps at 1/3 its length it probably would have held together . It 's stretched way too far . I finally quite halfway . Not unpleasant . Just mind-boggingly slow . He 's not a deep writer . If he does n't keep it moving everybody 's in trouble . Way slow . Only have so much time in this world .
 Like the past few efforts from grisham , this one catches it 's stride after a couple of boring chapters , keeps you plodding along out of mild curiosity , blazes through a bunch of frivilous events near the end , then plunges you off a cliff with no climax , and a confusing `` resolution '' . My love for courtroom novels , and grisham 's earlier work keep me searching for his long awaited return to form . This is n't it .
 I bought this book because the synopsis sounded good and because I knew John Grisham had a reputation of being a great author of suspense novels . This book was ok , but just ok . There was n't any suspense that I could see , and it was n't the type of book I could n't put down . It was just a nice little tale of a town and it 's people . Not a typical Grisham novel .
 In this novel John Grisham has created an in depth and fascinating study of a small southern town and all its characters , tracking their growth and development over time . He details food , customs , race relations and politics . However , that is most definitely not what I wanted from a Grisham novel with a legal title . I wanted suspense and thrill . This dragged on with Michner-like detail providing occasional clues to the secondary legal plot while chronicling history . The denoument was highly anticlimactic . Read it for lovely historical fiction , but not if you want hardhitting , riveting thrilling suspense .
 I would probably rate `` The Last Juror '' as 2.5 stars , but since Amazon wo n't let me do that , and since I am absolutely certain that John Grisham could have done much better , I 'm going to round down rather than round up . This is a plodding novel with an obvious plot and a not-very-satisfying ending -LRB- no spoilers here -RRB- . It is a decent read for a boring rainy afternoon , or a warm afternoon at the beach , but that is about it.In a nutshell , this is the story of a very bad family in Mississippi who are involved in moonshining , drugs , etc. . One of the family scions commits a dreadful rape-murder , and is sentenced to life imprisonment . He vows to seek revenge on the jurors , and sure enough , when he is released the jurors start getting shot or killed . More would be telling , except that there is not much more to tell.The story is told from the perspective of the owner of the town newspaper owner/editor . Grisham almost manages to make this chap an interesting character -LRB- Grisham is not known for the three-dimensionality of his characters -RRB- but he fails . Mostly the protagonist-editor relates a series of endless meals with the family of one of the jurors . He manages to make this boring too . The novel goes off on all kinds of tangents about news reporting of the civil rights movement in the 1960s South , and later the struggle between megastores -LRB- i.e. a thinly disguised clone of Wal-Mart -RRB- and mom-and-pop storefront stores . This is mildly interesting , but has absolutely nothing to do with the plot , and nothing to do with the characters either . Basically it simply represents Grisham on various soapboxes . Maybe he gets paid by the word ; that is all I can think of.By the way , Grisham can usually be depended upon to at least write an interesting narrative of a trial . Not here . Here the trial is one dimensional and caricaturistic -- never was there a more reprehensible villain or less suspense as regards the outcome . He could have summarized the trial on a page or two and entertained the reader no less.I gave it 2.5 stars because Grisham 's prose is not bad , and the novel did contain some interesting insights about life and news in a small Southern town which was interesting to a Southern California boy like myself . But this novel seems to have been written to make Grisham 's Mercedes payment or something . It had little to say , and managed to take 500 pages to say it . Entertaining , but that is all , from an author capable of better .
 The murders are a bore and do n't really get underway until the end of the book . No real narrative tension in this book . Grisham ca n't create original characters -- they are mostly steriotypes . The setting is also one that has been done often and better -- by Grisham himself , for example
 I am surprised to see so many positive reviews here . The books started off wonderfully , with an interesting protagonist and fabulous details of life in a small town in the 70s . The murder and subsequent trial was also great , and the suspense that this all set up was good too.Then , the story pretty much stopped moving . Grisham got into painful details - scenes that had almost nothing -LRB- and I 'm being generous -RRB- to do with moving the plot . I kept reading because I could n't imagine he could do this ... it had to pick up again somewhere , did n't it?Sadly , no . The last few pages got back into the drama , but the story ended with a neat excuse for real closure . Too simple , too convenient.Someone described this book as `` literary . '' I do n't see it , sorry . Grisham is one hell of a story-teller . He 's got a great imagination . I imagine this is one of those books that `` by contract '' had to be finished according to some publisher 's schedule . Too bad .
 I have read every John Grisham novel and found this to be very very boring.The best way to read this book :1 . Read the first twenty pages2 . Read about twenty pages in the middle3 . Read the last twenty pagesAll the other material is just fluff and a real waste of time .
 This was my first Grsham and I was extremely disappointed with the entire book . I forced myself to finish it , hoping it might get better . I found myself skipping entire paragraphs and missing nothing in the process . The characters are all completely forgettable , and so is the story . The end was predictable , and it was plain to see why the jurors were being eliminated . Maybe I should give his early books a try but so far I am not impressed .
 John Grisham is usually a guarantee for a page-turning read . This , however , is the signal for me to stop buying his books . It kicks off well , then just completely loses focus and direction and prattles on endlessly about this and that and nothing of interest - I have the feeling this is Grisham 's attempt at writing himself an `` Epic '' , and he fails miserably . As for the oh-so-perfect Miss Millie -LRB- or whatever her name was -RRB- , I just felt like pouring one of her oh-so-perfect pot roasts over her head and telling her that her oh-so-perfect , 7 PhD 'd kids -LRB- yeah , right -RRB- bore me to tears . I have to agree with Dr. Ansari - by the time the books starts `` revealing all '' , you just do n't care anymore . Nausea , Grisham style .
 I was thoroughly disappointed . Although Grisham does a reasonably good job in setting the historical scene in bigot-ridden Mississippi , the long passages detailing mundane characters and trivial parathemes are mostly superfluous . When the story finally enters second gear around page 420 -LRB- of approx . 480 -RRB- it is too late , and the reader is longing for an ending , no matter how it arrives . Even then , the build up to the finale is jerky and completely lacks suspense . Grisham must be one of the most over-rated writers of fiction today .
 Bought the book in February and just finally forced myself to finish it last night . -LRB- It looked so lonely on my nightstand , watching piles of more interesting and well written books come and go . -RRB- Why did it take me so long to read this particular Grisham work ? Because this book lacked the page turning quality of his previous works . The narrative arc was shaky at best , with the ending a shoot 'em up let down . Be warned -- many characters waltz in and out of the story , lots of wacky over the top stereotypical southern names to keep track of . I did enjoy the author 's thinly veiled attack on WalMart -- he did an excellent job of explaining the damage caused to small town economies by WalMart stores .
 I used to LOVE John Grisham , but I found this book extremely boring and yet the perfect book to bore me right to sleep every night . I only needed to read one page each night before I was out . I can understand his other books centered around Christmas and family life being more sensitive and about feelings and stuff , but when the title comes right out and says , '' The Last Juror '' and there 's a picture of a Jury table on the front cover I expect it to be as fast-paced and exciting as all of his other law books . I was very dissapointed . The summary on the inside flaps actually built it up that way , which is why I forked over the money to buy it . But , like many movie trailers , most all of the exciting parts were in the summary and the book , for the most part dragged and dragged . If you are looking for a typical fast-paced John Grisham book do not get The Last Juror . You will be highly dissapointed !
 Really frustrating to spend all this time reading a book that juts goes nowhere . I just ca n't believe this was the same author who wrote the runaway jury , a time to kill and the firm . This book was basically like a `` painted house '' with a sprinkle of suspense . Disappointing !
 I was in the airport with nothing to read and there was a huge pile of Grisham 's books . How bad can it be ? Terrible . If it was n't a `` Grisham '' it would not be published . He should stop preaching and write a good story .
 I ca n't believe how bad this book is . It 's the first John Grisham novel I have ever read . It is simply dead boring . There is nothing about it that makes it a `` thriller . '' The title is completely misleading . Do n't even waste your time getting this book out of the library unless you want to read a long drawn out story about a small town in the south . It 's not even a good story about that . I agree with everyone else who gave this book one star -LRB- or less -RRB- .
 Juror is written in the familiar Grisham style -- lots of local color and engaging characters . But here 's my beef
 This is by far one of the worst books I have ever read ! I typically find Grisham books to be entertaining . However , this book was a total bore . In a perfect world , this would have been a great 20 page short story . Hopefully they will not attempt to make this into a movie !
 This is the type of story you 'd see on a TV news magazine show . Instead of taking a break during the story and going to a commercial in between , Grisham has to fill up space . I do n't know if it was because he had to fill up pages , or because it allows him to express his own politcial views -LRB- D -RRB- , but Grisham goes all out . Readers can tell that he is trying to talk about Wal-Mart and what it does coming to town -LRB- as he sees it -RRB- , and he uses Vietnam to point out his feelings on Iraq . It 's not enough just to point these out , he has to include the editorials and speeches in the text.Why do we have to read through this ? This was an interesting story , but it stretched far too long . Where was the editor when this manuscript came in ? Did they just let him ramble because they know it will be a bestseller ? Just stick with the story . I do n't care how short it is . Maybe put two together if you have to . I enjoyed the personal impact ending , as opposed to the plot ending , which was a bit lame .
 Grisham , you 've got ta be kidding . I beg my fiancee to let me buy this book -- as we are on a shoestring budget -- and she relents and this is what I get ? I love Grisham . I hated this book . I read it and realized it was good for something -- to cure me of my insomnia.This is why I 'm writing in my spare time . I 'm tired of picking up a book in hopes of it being decent and finding out it 's a waste of time . I mean , it was n't even fun to read . That 's all I ask for , something halfway entertaining.And the sad thing is , the next Grisham book that comes out will be purchased by me again .
 I am so glad I am done with this book . I have never not finished something I 've started , but was darn close with this . Boring . If I wanted to read about segregation in the south I would have chosen a non-fiction book.I was excpecting an exciting , fast paced , `` whodunnit '' thriller . Boring . The charachters are absolutely forgetfull . I really enjoy reading and developing a `` relationship '' with well drawn charachters . None hear . So much more could have been done with the offing of the jurors . Just bang , bang their dead ? How bout some detail !? Boring . This was the first Grisham novel I have read , and frankly , I was extremely dissapointed .
 While Grisham 's description of small town Southern America might make for an interesting read as a New Yorker piece , in this alleged ` mystery ' novel , it becomes tedious and a bore . Has anyone born since 1960 not read or heard all of this before ? If the background patronizes us , then the plot insults . Anyone moderately well read mystery reader will call this one about 100 pages before the finish line . Mr. Grisham , take a year off .
 I was disappointed in this book . I always look forward to Grisham 's books , and have read all of them . This one was too slow , and I almost stopped reading . Instead , I skimmed . He seemed wander a lot , and I never was sure where he was headed . I hope he does better with his next one .
 I am a huge JOhn Grisham fan and thus I was soooo disappointed in this book . It was neither compelling nor mysterious . . The novel reads more like a memoir of life in rural Mississippi . . I had to force myself to finish . . It is not up to the quality of other books by this author . Save your money !
 Much of the first half of THE LAST JUROR -LRB- set in the early '70s in Ford County , Grisham 's Yoknapatawpha -RRB- concerns a murder , and the arrest , trial , and sentencing of one of the members of the local family of criminals with their own private island -LRB- every county has one right ? -RRB- . The story is told from the point of view of Willie Traynor , a young northerner who comes into town and buys the struggling local paper for a song , turning it into a fountain of liberalism the Watergate-era Washington post might have trouble keeping up with.Danny Padgitt , the accused , is sent off to priaon , vowing revenge on the jurors . Much of the second half of the book is devoted to Willie 's crusading editorship , opposing Vietnam , exposing political corruption , etc. . By the time Padgitt turns up again and people start dying , the town -LRB- and the readers -RRB- have almost forgotten about him . Instead , we 're treated to interminable descriptions of the Southern cooking and homespun wisdom of Miss Callie , a matriarch of the black community whom Willy befriends . The black characters in THE LAST JUROR are one-dimensionally virtuous and could easily be spun off into some sort of Hallmark Hall of Fame movie . More troubling are the female characters , who are either regular churchgoers or slutty , without exception . Susan Sarandon 's character from THE CLIENT could have straightened things out in 100 fewer pages.At least , I thought as I read , THE LAST JUROR lacks the cynicism that pervades Grisham 's recent work , but in the end Willie does n't seem to care about very much , other than the money he might make from selling the paper .
 I read this book a while ago , but recently thought about it again when someone brought up bad books.I had never read a Grisham novel before this one , and I really expected so much more with all the hype his novels get . As it stands , I have not picked up a Grisham novel since reading this one . What a terrible book . Maybe I missed something , but there did n't seem to be any noteworthy plotlines to warrant writing a book about . I kept thinking , `` When is all the action gon na happen ? When is all the intrigue and suspense going to take place ? '' Well , here 's the answer
 I thought this book was , at best , lame . I have not before read Grisham 's work , and expected a thriller , a page-turner , perhaps something similar to `` The Da Vinci Code . '' What I got was a long , slow , tedious retelling of the trial portion of `` To Kill a Mockingbird , '' complete with the southern charm , token black woman , trashy white criminal , rape and murder . I had much higher expectations , and was keenly disappointed .
 I am a huge John Grisham fan , but this book was not worth the paper it was written on . He seemed to lose interest in the story he was writing about half-way through . Once the trial was done , he diverted his attention to a lashing of Vietnam and Wal-mart -LRB- not so cleverly hidden with another name , but he threw in every cliche the liberal media uses against Wal-mart . It made me ill -RRB- . These were not relevent to the story , and served no purpose other than to be a pulpit from which Mr. Grisham could vent his personal views . From there I lost interest in the story , but finished reading just to see where he would go from there . Mercifully , he got off the puplit at that point and got back to story . The wrap up was boring , and poorly conceived . Not at all the thriller fans have grown accustomed to . If this is a preview what Mr. Grisham has left in him to write about . I wo n't be buying any more of his works .
 `` The Last Juror '' - what a disappointment . It started out as such a promising grabber - only to fizzle into a frustrating bore . The character development was lame and where the heck was the plot ? When reading Grisham 's earlier books , I loved being `` taken away '' ; after reading this book , I just feel `` taken '' . As a Legal Aid lawyer , and having lived in a small southern city , I applaud Mr. Grisham 's adroit handling of complex racial and social issues in previous books . In `` The Last Juror '' , the character development and plot did not go far enough to either deal effectively with issues or entertain . I 'd like to see Grisham take the same characters and write a sequel that has some bite.Please , Mr. Grisham , give us something rich and complex that we can sink our teeth into and then savor long after reading that last page .
 Normally , I can not put a Grisham book down . The Firm , The Client , The Street Lawyer , The King of Torts all have that fast paced excitement we expect from a Grisham legal thriller . Such is not the case with The Last Juror . Although there are some interesting parts , this book reads much more slowly and lacks the excitement of most Grisham novels.The Last Juror is much more about life in a small southern town than it is a suspense novel . If you liked The Painted House then you will probably like this book too -LRB- I did n't like The Painted House at all -RRB- . Just do n't expect it to be a legal thriller .
 Grisham has experimented with so many styles lately that he does n't know who he is . I tried but I cound n't find anything new here . This book stinks !
 I did n't connect with any of the characters . He did n't give me a reason to . There was one point where I thought I might connect with Callie , but it never happened . Grisham was n't sure where he wanted this story to go , so he rambled on for 355 pages with laws from the 70 's that were or were not true ; elections that I could care less about because there was n't a reason to care ; he threw in a `` walmart '' taking over the town ; a nude sniper . Although I finished the book , on several occasions , I found myslef asking `` why am I wasting my time reading this book ? '' A waste it is .
 I had really been looking forward to this book , expecting -LRB- and hoping for -RRB- a return to the great legal thrillers that made me a John Grisham fan . Unfortunately , this book was n't what I expected at all . The book centers around a young newspaper editor in Clanton , Mississippi during the 1970 's . Rather than a murder mystery or a legal suspense book , it is a story about a small southern town dealing with the issues of the day , including Vietnam and desegregation . The murder and trial are only a very small part of the actual plot . They help to explain the town and the people living there and it provides some action to keep the plot moving , but do n't expect to be surpised at the ending.All in all , it was n't a bad book if you 're looking for a story about a small southern town , but if you 're looking for a good legal thriller , this is n't it .
 I am not a huge fan of Grisham but I have read most of his books . They make good reading when I 'm traveling and want an easy read . The Last Juror was a mess of a book even for Grisham . The book began in Grisham style with some soft details about Clayton County , Mississippi . The plot was supposed to center around the rape and murder of a women by a member of a somewhat demented , reclusive family . When the jury begins to consider the boys guilt , the boy threatens to get them when he is released from prison . The boy is found guilty and sentenced to two life sentences . However , as a result of a loophole in Mississippi law at the time , the judge makes the sentences concurrent as opposed to consecutive as the jury had wished . Meanwhile , a young man from up north purchases the local newspaper and sets out to sensationalize the murder as well as other oddities about life in Clayton . The reader does n't really know whether the newspaper publisher is a crudader or just another money mongering writer -LRB- a ' la Grisham -RRB- looking for a buck . Most of the book meanders around about an elderly black woman who meets for lunch with the publisher for no reasons that are apparent to this reader . When the young boy is parolled from prison -LRB- with the Governor 's help -RRB- two of the jurors are suspiciously killed . The book essentially ends when a wacho tries to blow up a building after firing at some townspeople , the publisher sells the newspaper -LRB- his motive to begin with -RRB- and everyone lives happily ever after - I guess . If this all sounds like useless and confusing information you have a pretty good handle on what you should expect if you read the book . Shame on John Grisham !!!!
 With all the hype , I really thought Grisham was back . I was wrong . This book drags on with very little excitement and no great charactars . What a waste of money .
 When John Grisham 's first book was published I read it and thought it mildly good . When the second book was published I read that one also and that one was not very good . I was not surprised when I read he had actually submitted it for publishing some years prior to the first one that WAS published . I concluded his writing was trite and perfect for fleshing out in movies . Even though I read two books a week on average I have successfully avoided reading any more of his until the other day when a friend gave me The Last Juror and not having anything else to read I read it . This book is trite , predictable , cliche-ridden and thoroughly boring . The main character writing in the first person is selfish , posturing and patronizing . His descriptions of his weekly food gorging are disgusting . I suspect this book was actually written chapter by chapter over a period of years when Mr Grisham was a student in a Mississippi high school and polished off for publication counting on todays ' literary appetites i.e. . The New York Times Best Seller Lists . However , I am surprised this latest one even met that smell test .
 I 've read almost all of Grisham 's series . All of them are riveting and page turner . But , this book took me six month to finish . For those six-month reading , I could not help think that `` is this real Grisham 's ??? '' I 'm so disappointed .
 When I purchased the book , I expected a typical mystery -LRB- something I was in the mood for -RRB- . That is not what I got . Instead , I got more of a Saturday afternoon movie . The actual `` murder '' takes up only a 1/5th of the book . The rest is a sociological study of Mississippi . If I was in the mood for that , I would have gotten a sociology book . Why label it a mystery when that is not what this is about ?
 I 'm normally not the type to go for Irving/Grisham/Clancy novels , but stranded in the Raleigh/Durham airport , I decided to venture into new territory . The review blurbs on the book from the NYTimes and others all glowed that this was Grisham 's best work ever . It was `` atmospheric '' , `` tonal '' , approaching true `` literature '' . I was sold.I quickly finished the novel and set it down with a sigh of relief -- relief that I 'd finished the damn thing and relief that I had never subjected myself to other Grisham works . This novel was light on anything of legal interest , lacking in interesting suspense , and of dubious effect when it came to the verisimilutude of the two main protagonists.There was nothing wrong , per se , with the novel ; but by the end I was completely unmoved . For those who say that this novel is great despite lacking in legal suspense , fine ; but if you want a good literary narrative than go read a real novel .
 Grisham 's The Last Juror is a perfect example of a book that means well , but eventually and completely loses its way . The climax and really only truly effective scene in the book is the murder scene which grabs the reader in the opening pages . The rest of the book is so anti-climatic that we often wonder exactly where it is all going . This is not a book I vehemently disliked , but a book that really never served any purpose to me . It was like a rehash of better , earlier ideas from other stories that you could read about anywhere.The book , as I mentioned earlier , opens with a devastating murder scene . A young woman is raped and murdered in front of her two children . The suspect is quickly apprehended and awaits trial . The murderer 's name is Danny Padgitt . His family is very influential in the underground crime business . The murder occurs in the small town of Clayton , Mississippi . Padgitt is sentenced to a life sentence by a jury and as he leaves the courtroom swearing that someday he will enact his revenge on them.This sequence occurs in the first third of the novel , but by the way it is marketed , you would swear that this is supposed to be the main plot line . It is n't . The story is told first person by Willie Traynor , a normal , long haired young kid who buys the local newspaper in Clayton at the age of only twenty three.The thick of the story is about him and his success and failures in writing for the newspaper . The story takes place in the sixties and seventies , and we are given yet another clich&eacute;d journey through history that really gives no added freshness concerning everything we already know and have read . Traynor develops a friendship with a black woman named Callie and for some reason the story ends with her . He meets many other characters as well , but we never really get to know them well and it seems they are thrown in more for show than for substance.Later in the story , Padgitt is from prison for good behavior . Not soon after , a juror is suddenly found dead , followed by another one . The town is in an uproar and believes that Padgitt must be enacting his revenge on the jurors who sentenced him ten years prior . There is a slight twist at the end , but then again the book is such an ode to the anti-climax that it does not feel like much of a surprise or a revelation when it comes . By that point we , as a reader , are daydreaming about the next book we want to read.I think the main problem , and there are many , with The Last Juror is that the story is written in such a way that we do n't really care about it . The characters are all severely underdeveloped because it seems as if Grisham is trying to do too much here . And it does n't work . There are numerous clich&eacute;s in here as well . Every lawyer and small town clich&eacute; you can think of , in fact.The Last Juror generates no suspense . It 's funny because it is marketed as a thriller , but with the exception of the first scene , it is dryly told with a level of such mediocrity . This is unusual for a writer as talented as Grisham . Where was the suspense of The Firm , the intrigue of The Pelican Brief , or the power of A Time to Kill ? It feels like The Last Juror was quickly processed and the Grisham was on auto-pilot when he wrote it and more importantly he puts the reader on auto-pilot as they read it . It would have been nice if some emotion was stirred up inside of me , but sadly , nothing came . It was like listening to a tired history lecture from a teacher about events that already knew too well and did n't care much about.The book did nothing to anger me , it was n't even particularly boring . It was just a meandering mess that could n't find anywhere to go ... and when it did find something interesting ; it would quickly switch paths to another tired clich&eacute; . The Last Juror never could find where it wanted to go and what it wanted to say , so it decided to say everything and nothing through nearly 500 pages -LRB- the story could have been told in less than 300 -RRB- . If you have n't read anything by Grisham , this is n't the place to start , or you might never pick up anything written by him again.Grade
 What has happenned to the author of such thrillers as The Firm , and Runaway Jury ? With The Last Juror Grisham seems to be continuing his journey to who knows where -LRB- but obviously the trip includes the bank -RRB- . I really wanted to like this book , but did n't . Whoever wrote the NY Times reivew on the cover , '' One of his best
 I 've read A Painted House and Skipping Christmas by John Grisham so realize that he 's been moving toward a different style from his previous books , which I enjoyed . Unfortunately , I feel he has n't mastered this ` new ' voice . I found The Last Juror , as with Painted House , to be wordy and confusing , as if Mr. Grisham was thinking on paper without the benefit of a strong editor giving shape to the story . The storyline meandered , then jumped around and overall failed to catch my interest or my emotions . While the premise was intriguing , I had to struggle through part one and part two but ended up skimming part three , never what an author wants to happen to his story . I 'm still not sure what story he was trying to tell with this book . I do n't think I 'll be buying a John Grisham book until he has a stronger grip on this new ` voice ' he 's working on .
 It 's weird , but during this book I suffered through various feelings of like and dislike . When I started reading it , I actually liked it quite a lot , but then it sort of seemed to drag on.The inside flap of The Last Juror states that it 's about how Danny Padgitt murdered a woman and while he was on the stand , threatened to harm the jury if they convicted him . But really only about the first 50 pages and the last 100 pages actually dealt with the trial and Padgitt 's threat . My main gripe with this is that it deviated so much from what it seemed the actual book was about . When I started reading this , I thought that it would be suspenseful with this sort of agonizing tension starting from the trial to Danny Padgitt 's threat to the picking of the jurors one by one , but it was n't like that.Another thing that annoyed me was the actual ending . It seemed very anticlimatic and it seemed like it came out of left field . I found myself thinking `` That 's very , very implausible '' and also `` How would no one know ? . '' The ending was also very abrupt.I guess some of the book was interesting and I did care about some of the characters . It was also nice how he had characters from A Time To Kill appear briefly in The Last Juror . Although , I really did n't think Lucien Wilbanks was such a bastard in A Time to Kill , but I thoroughly disliked him in this one.I 've only read one other Grisham book and that was A Time To Kill . That one was fabulous . This one ... not so much . I 'm still planning on picking up some of his other books -LRB- especially since I own like six others -RRB- and am hoping the brilliance that was behind A Time to Kill , shines brighter on one of the others .
 I kept waiting for this book to get going , but it never did . After wading through much politically correct mumbo-jumbo of the main character , it became obvious that I was in the midst of reading one of the worst books ever written . I had never written a review before , but this book was so bad , that I just had to go online and see if anyone else thought the same as me . Do n't waste your time !
 I am glad I have not read him in years . Very exciting beginning , but quickly fades to dull and uninteresting . By the middle of the book , I could not wait for the end , not because I was interested in how it turned out , but instead I was no longer enjoying it.Lovely Bones is considerably better .
 Grisham is off on another political tirade . He starts off developing a decent plot and then abandons it . He gets off on an anti-Vietnam crusade extolling the virtues of running off to Canada . He focuses on his relationship with a matriarch which , again , diverts from the story line . He treats the solving of final crimes as an afterthought . Grisham has clearly lost it . Where he once wove a tale that meshed from beginning to end , he now appears on an ego trip to stuff his political predjuces down the readers throat at the expense of whatever plot he initiated . I was also disappointed with The King Of Torts for many of the same reasons . This was the last book by him that I shall read .
 I found the storyline of this book to be very interesting , but it kept deviating away from the story and introduced way too many characters , that in my opinion , had little or nothing to do with the story . It 's almost as if this was a short story stretched into novel length . Either that or the author was under a deadline to crank the next book out and this is the result . Still overall it was n't terrible , but still not one of his best works , that 's for certain .
 The jacket cover write-up of this book leads one to believe it is a courtroom thriller , like other Grisham novels . In fact it is not . It is a very slow-paced story of a newspaper in a sleepy little town . If Grisham really had faith in this story he should have hyped it for what it is and drawn an audience with its eyes open , rather than using deceit to lure unsuspecting readers to their 400 page , excruciatingly tiny-printed doom .
 Grisham is one of best the authors i 've ever read , but the Last Juror is a great deception . It 's a very well written book , but it do n't have that `` impossible to put down '' thing the others do.When you are not impacient to know the closing of a case slow carried by the pages of the book , it indicates that something is very wrong with the plot . It 's realy diferent from the other 11 books i 've read from the author .
 The Last Juror is not John Grisham 's finest work . Missing are the compelling contemporary issues , high throttled suspense , and all around passions that pervade early novels such as A Time to Kill , The Chamber , The Firm , or even The Runaway Jury . The Last Juror is at least 100 pages too long for its plotline , and its ending is evident long before the final pages.The book starts fast
 Grisham has definitely lost his edge ! Where is the suspense ? Where are the page turners we so eagerly awaited since `` The King of Torts '' ? We 're sick of reading about racism in the South in the 1970 's , we want a book that 's a gripping read like his earlier books . Quite a disappointment .
 Do n't waste your money buying this book . It plodded along with no plot that I could find . Some reviews made it sound like the old John Grisham but this book failed miserably .
 First 2 Grisham books great . The rest , pardon me , stink . I have tried and tried and tried - loyal to a fault . But none of them are anywhere close to A Time to Kill and The Firm.How sad.Finally thought it time to try again and picked up The Last Juror . Another mistake.This book is average at best and full of hoo-hum drama . If you must read it , pick it up and the library . Not worth , frankly , your time or money .
 Not since The Firm has Grisham managed to reach the same level of intensity . The Last Juror is awkward , predictable , and at times awfully dull . The Client and The Partner were close , but it seems to me that Grisham has succumbed to his fame and perhaps thinks people will like anything he writes . A Painted House , Bleachers , Skipping Christmas ; yuck . I knew who the killer in this book was long before he was supposed to be , or should have been , exposed . If you feel you must buy this book simply because the author is Grisham , do yourself a favor and wait for the paperback .
 I have read most of Grisham 's books and was quite excited when this one came out . However , after reading it , I was disappointed . Sure , the books starts off with a very interesting plot , but 1/3rd of the way through the book , the trial has ended and the rest of the time is spent following Willie around town . I wish Grisham would go back to the writing style that got him here in the first place .
 Not your typical Grisham novel . It lacked quite a bit of the detail you normally expect from him . He spent quite a bit of time weaving characters and events into the story that never really added anything . It just seems to meander . I 'll buy his next book and hope he wakes up in time before he becomes another James Patterson .
 This is the by far the worst book I have ever purchased . I would love to have my money back . What was John Grisham thinking about , when he wrote this ? Obviously , he was n't thinking . I have read everyone of his books , and if the rest of them are going to be like this , I will have to pass . I am an avid reader of John 's ; I am the one that ca n't wait until his next book comes out . I will have to wait next time , because I wo n't ever read another one like this !!!!!!!!!!!!
 I have been increasingly disappointed in John Grisham 's work over the last several years , and this book was no exception . After reading the book description , I thoroughly expected a murder/mystery/thriller story line . Though Grisham 's story begins with a bang , the book loses heart in the middle and drags the reader down with a `` historical biography '' feel . For those expecting to read about Danny Padgitt and his vow of retribution , Grisham focuses more on the life of Willy Traynor and the Clanton community in the South during the 1970s . Of course , since Grisham is a master of legal proceedings , the trial of Danny Padgitt consumes Part I of the book , and he is finally sentenced to prison on Page 168 . Danny Padgitt is not paroled and released until Page 291 and the book ends on Page 355 ! Just as Grisham begins to hit his stride and captivate the reader , the book comes to a startling end . If you are looking for a murder/mystery/thriller book , please try Patricia Cornwell .
 I 've read most of John Grisham 's books and have always enjoyed his storyteller voice and style . This book carries a very different tone and style -- it 's much more cliched and predictable , and much less of a page-turner -LRB- in fact , many times it borders on boring -RRB- . My biggest complaint is that he is sloppy in his storytelling , and inconsistencies , contradictions , and loose ends abound . It 's nothing like his early legal thrillers , and is not even as good as his recent books like Bleachers and The Broker . If you plan to skip a Grisham book , this should be the one .
 This was a simplistic novel . The characters lacked credibility and their personalities were stereotypical . The plot was unwielding and unsatisfying . It was difficult to figure out who the ultimate killer was because it was totally unrealistic . Grisham 's novels always have a feel good aspect to them -LRB- i.e. lawyer finds his way ; justice prevails -RRB- and I think that is what hooks the reader . The quality of the book is secondary . There are so many better writers out there -LRB- Elizabeth George , Laura Lippman , Peter Robinson -RRB- . I suggest readers give these authors a chance . You wo n't be sorry .
 The Last Juror was a sad disappointment . I had heard great things about John Grisham but had never read any of his books . I chose to read this for a book club , and had it not been my responsibility to finish it , I probably would have never finished it . It was moderately suspenseful in the beginning , and then it just died off . Danny went to jail , and that was it . All of a sudden I was smothered with meaningless details about Willie 's life and acceptance in Mississippi . At that point , I did n't care if Danny was guilty or not . I did n't care how the story ended . But as I said , I had to read it , so I skipped through a few pages of blabber , and made my way through the painfully boring ending . It was a sad excuse for a suspense novel .
 Drivel and more Drivel ... Grisham has lost his touch . You ca n't write good suspense novels using Harlequin Romance Techniques , filling the pages with unsubstantial filler . If you liked `` The Pelican Brief '' , and was unsatisfied with `` The Bleachers '' , then you and I will agree on this one .
 Nice book but not up to his previous work . Did n't bother to finish his work . Must have been in a hurry , under pressure from publisher . Would not recommend .
 Although I have read far worse books than this one , I had a definite feeling of disappointment after finishing it . The expected story line comprised only a fairly small percentage of the book . This in itself need not be fatal . The same thing could be said about the much-loved `` To Kill a Mockingbird . `` In this case , however , the `` filler '' around the plot just was not strong enough to carry the story . The characters were fairly interesting and fairly compelling but -LRB- again -RRB- not strong enough to carry the story . The `` Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil '' characters , for example , did a better job in a similar situation.The narrator of the story became less and interesting during the course of the book . He confessed to be , after running a small town newspaper for ten years , `` tired of writing . '' The more tired of writing he became , the more tired I became of reading what he had to say.Finally , several of the `` mystery '' elements of the story had loose ends that were not resolved or even mentioned.I gave the book two stars because I believe it would have to have been at least a little worse to rank only one star . But if it would have to have been much better in the areas mentioned to have been rated four or five stars .
 I read this book and found that it is a little bland . I think that Grisham is just throwing books together now and not taking the time to make a great book . Still think his best book to date is a `` A Time TO Kill ''
 This books takes the reader to the very edge of suspense but never produces the thrill . I kept hoping , until the very last page , to be awarded with the twist or big payoff at the end of the story . I am a huge fan and normally read a Grisham book in 2 days , this one took me 3 weeks . I forced myself to finish it because I had woven a web in my mind and wanted to see if I was right . It turned out my ending was better than the one in the book . The account of life in a small southern town during the 70 's was a pleasant read but not enough to make up for the missing plot and average story .
 I read some of the other reviews raving about this book . I have to ask myself if we were reading the same book . This was a 50 page book written on 350 pages . Very little actual plot . Actually , it reminded me , at times , of a poorly edited movie . I hope Grisham has n't lost it . I enjoyed the King of Torts immensely , but this one was a real dud .
 This book is not very good , it is a self help book which from first hand experience , I have seen people go giddy almost like the evangelical church sermon scene in The Blues Brothers.I 'm as open as the next man when it comes to reading ` self help books ' but I never enforce thier suggestions - this borders on brainwashing . To quote The Prisoner
 This little book is beauty for the coffee table , but unfortunatly it offers no real inovative or new ideas . I bought it a while ago but just got round to using it in my projects . It offers the traditional mix and match of fabrics with wall coverings . It actually is more interesting as a general interior design book than one exclusively for wallpaper as the title would suggest . The pictures show the wallpaper used to only decorate a room , rather than to create you know that something that you want by changing from paint to wallpaper or just changing the wallpaper to achieve a new look .
 Somehow I missed the fact that all the designs were illustrations -LRB- watercolor paintings ? -RRB- , not photographs . I get inspired by looking at photos of existing gardens that someone actually created . Looking at paintings just does n't do it for me . Besides , as the other reviewer said , these gardens are for zones all over the US , not necessarily for my zone , so not all the ideas work for me.The other thing that is missing in this book is at least a small photo of each of the plants/flowers on a page . Sure , I can look them up in another book . I 'm familiar with quite a few of the flowers and their Latin/common names , but a beginning gardener would n't be . This is definitely not a book for beginners , and even as a more advanced gardener , it was disappointing .
 I was disappointed in this CD compilation because the advice is too generic and not focused on the consulting business . There was advice relevant to restaurants , and choosing a personal computer which I in my opinion is outside the intended scope of this book . I for one certainly did n't purchase this audio book to get pointers on which PC to buy . The data CD is useful if you have nothing else , but there are way better programs out there for making forms , contracts , business plans etc. . The last CD , a compilation of short stories of successful entrepreneurs was ok , but nothing to get too exited about . Each story is shorter than two minutes , so there is not enough time for you to identify with any of these stories . In short , I would not recommend this purchase .
 I met Ryan Walter when I was seven at our end of the year party for my hockey team , and he gave us this book . We had no idea what it was , just a book that had some nifty hockey pictures that he could autograph . I actually took a look at it the other day , and my God , this thing is worse than the Watchtower . If you like great players like Walter and Markus Naslund spewing out bible verses and `` life-changing '' experiences , then this is for you . There 's a reason that they do n't mention what 's in the book in the above description . You might just get suckered into buying this crap . For all our sake , please do n't .
 The book is very small and the pictures are so tiny with such thick lines , they are not what I thought they would be.NOT a good value for the money.I would not recommend them to anyone .
 I was expecting full size coloring books -LRB- 8.5 X11 -RRB- . I am extremely dissatisfied . They are only 4.25 '' X 5.5 '' . Too small to use for stained glass workings . Do n't waste your money !
 This coloring book is a quarter of the size of a regular coloring book . It only measures 4 '' by 5 '' . No where in the description does it say this book is so small !!! I was expecting a normal 12 `` x8 '' They need to put this in the information . Plus there is only 8 pages !
 Given this is not apologetics , an overload of what is done , with continual references to the lifelong study required , I felt I did not know much more about the reasons behind the liturgical rites and the precepts of this religion than I did before starting this book .
 This text comes highly recommended as a classic by far too many creative writing and screenwriting teachers.Want to know if this book is for you ? Read this passage : `` In the second , by means of a contraction analogous to that which abbreviates a syllogism to an enthymeme , this undecided power is but an attribute of the persecutor himself . `` The entire book reads this way , so if that works for ya , you 'll love this book . If it does n't , you 'll need to look elsewhere .
 An explanation of each dramatic situation would have been helpful . However , the author only gives a list of works that a situation can be found in . The book was not what I was looking for . I wanted something to help me write conflict and plot . Maybe it would be helpful if I shifted through the massive reading list the author provides . Over all , I was not satisfied with this .
 If you wish to remain in that happy blissful world of suspended disbelief , where fairy stories continue to charm and inspire , and heroes are held sacred , then by all means never read this book . `` He spat on the ground , and made clay of the spittle , and applied the clay to his eyes , and said to him , `` Go , wash in the pool of Siloam '' -LRB- which is translated , Sent -RRB- . So he went away and washed , and came back seeing . '' Gospel of John
 I bought the New World Spanish/English dictionary for college , and hated it . It seems to be missing a lot of words . Looking words up feels more frustrating , because they are often missing , and because this dictionary follows the practice of putting `` ch - '' after `` co - '' and the other C words . It 's hard to explain . I just do n't love the New World the way I love my Chicago.The Chicago English-Spanish / Espa & ntilde ; ol-Ingl &eacute;s was recommended by my highschool Spanish teacher -- I do n't regret buying it . Classmates who bought other ditionaries -LRB- such as the Oxford , I think it was -RRB- often needed to borrow mine . It simply has more of the words we needed to look up and is fun to use and browse through . For example , the New World has the verb reference section in the middle of the dictionary , but the Chicago has it in front , where it 's quicker to locate .
 This book was a required text for an introductory Technical Writing course . I would not have purchased it otherwise . The emphasis of the book is on writing standard business reports and does not cover the full scope of modern Technical Writing . -LRB- no white papers , no procedural manuals , no scientific articles , etc. -RRB- The book is wordy and poorly organized . Several editing errors were spotted.I personally feel there are far better references than this for technical writing.Try : The Non-Designer 's Design BookUntechnical Writing - How to Write About Technical Subjects and Products So Anyone Can Understand -LRB- Untechnical Press Books for Writers Series -RRB- Microsoft Manual of Style for Technical Publications Third Edition
 This work is confused . McInerny tries to separate the logic of analogy from its real foundation in being . His criticisms of Cajetan just do n't seem to hit the mark . The confusion can be summed up in his statement that `` analogy '' is itself used analogously . Well , if there is not some sense in which `` analogy '' is used univocally , then `` analogy '' loses any definite meaning . It becomes simply the night in which all cows are black . If you want to read something better by McInerny , read his translation and commentary on Aquinas ' Disputed Question on Virtue . Ethics appears to be his forte .
 This work is confused . He tries to separate the logic of analogy from its real foundation in being . If you want to read something better by McInerny , read his translation and commentary on Aquinas ' Disputed Question on Virtue . Ethics appears to be his forte .
 I 've read a lot of crime novels from around the world , including several from Japan
 I , like a few other reviewers here , found the overly repetitive code snippets both confusing and , in most cases , utterly pointless.I have also yet to find any `` Tips '' which we are told are marked clearly throughout the book offering advice or demonstrating an easier way to do something -LRB- excluding the `` Tip '' that explains what `` Tips '' are ! -RRB- . Let me know if you find any others ... Is this just another example of poor editing?It is a real pity , as overall the author presents some good examples . I would have liked the book to go a little more in-depth , but I guess there was little room left after the endless identical samples .2 stars simply because the book still manages to cover the basics , and the author shows plenty of promise for the future ...
 No plain English explanation of the reasoning behind the code . Assumes you 'll understand what he means by `` adjacent sibling selectors '' and `` document tree '' . I gleaned some knowledge by copying the examples and trial and error , but it was frustrating and tedious . If you 're a programmer you might be able to decipher this book , but if you 're a newbie you 'll get a clearer introduction , with relevant details , from a book like `` HeadFirst HTML '' by Elisabeth and Eric Freeman .
 If you know nothing about CSS and you can find an inexpensive copy , this book will get you started , but there have to be better `` get started '' books . Probably good if someone needs a lot of simple , explicit examples though . The one place I had high hopes for the book was near the end where it dealt with using CSS to format `` printer friendly '' pages . I 'm sure the code was OK , but there was no example of how to link a page formatted for the screen to one formatted for the printer . I was expecting some example of loading a second Style Sheet using the same page code .
 This is probably the most boring , most uninspiring book I ever bought . And some times codes are not explained at all - you just have to figure out for yourself why you are doing this and that . This is the perfect sleepingpill .
 I got my hands on a old copy of SAMS Teach yourself CSS in 10 minutes . For those in a time crunch , its 22 ~ 10 minute lessons . Some of them take five minutes , some take an hour . The book claims each takes 10 minutes , I assure you they do not . In addition the book assumes you know a bit of programming and where to put text in the body , style , div , etc. . In that regard the book is unforgiving . Its saving grace was that the book has a free link to download all the example code . After fumbling through the first quarter of the book I eventually got what the book meant to say by reviewing the code . Still even with the code sometimes the exercises do not work as intended or match the picture . Also it uses highlighting to show you what to add , but often has none-highlighted code that also needs adding to continue . If anything the one thing this book will teach you by hitting you in the head , over and over again is error checking . That is a great thing to develop , but unfortunately they did not intend this to be the lesson and its a byproduct of a poorly produced book . Still in the end I stuck with it through the end , and as such I feel the book is worth two stars .
 -LRB- The following comments pertain to the Sixth printing
 this boke sux . its a bunch of midevil poetry . it is so retarded and dum . i dont like it al all.Initially published in the Journal of Literary Criticism , 24 -LRB- 1 -RRB- .
 This collection of the entire Canterbury Tales -LRB- `` translated '' -- how can English be `` translated '' into English ? `` transposed '' or `` recast '' into Modern English is a more accurate way of putting it -RRB- is clearly and gracefully read by a variety of readers . BUT there is no accompanying Table of Contents , nor are the tales in the conventional order , so one has to search through 17 CD 's in order to find a specific tale . I 'd send it back if I had n't torn the wrapper open -- which I had to do in order to discover this serious deficiency .
 The content - introductory notes , translation - is great . This is one of my favourite adaptations of the Canterbury Tales into modern English.The Kindle version , however , complete ruins the book . The printed version presents facing-page translation , which works great . The kindle version attempts to do that , having one ` page ' after the other , not considering that due to the font-size adaptability , this does n't work at all .
 I find it very unfortunate that I wasted my money on this book when I could have read the entire story on the Internet . Of course , the story is out of copyright , and you 'll find it all over the Internet , in complete.Don ' t waste your money like I did . Even worse , I never even read the book.My rating is only on the size of the book , because like I said , I never read it , and I am forced to issue a rating -LRB- I only wanted to enter a comment -RRB- .
 I was looking for a well-structured side-by side version of the Canterbury Tales . Bantam Classics normally does a great jobs on books , but whoever transcribed it to kindle did not know kindle at all , left it unstructured and the translation all over the place , intermingled with the lines , translating the wrong verses and generally just all over the place.Practically , I am reading four lines middle-english , five lines modern , three lines middle-english , 2 lines modern , 6 lines middle-english , and so forth . There is no connection between the middle-English and its translation.That was a wasted 5.99 USD for kindle version and a HUGE disappointment :-LRB- ...
 The annotation style if this edition ruins it . Putting the definitions of words in line with the text , rather than as footnotes or end notes , disrupts the flow of reading . It quickly gets confusing as to what is original text and what is editorial comment . I 'm off to find another edition only partway into the first poem .
 This set of CDs is a fraud ! Nowhere does it say in the ads that it is not Chaucer that is being read but a `` translation '' by some hack poet . So , if you are only interested in the stories but have no sensitivity to the sound and rhythm of the second best poet in the English language , then this is the stuff for you . But it is definitely not Chaucer .
 Umm ... Did not enjoy this book . Characters were almost all lewd and bad people , crooks and the like . One dimensional characters , all . The stories they told were sometimes interesting , at least .
 Here is the lesson to be learned
 If you like the television series `` The Simpsons , '' you will probably like Chaucer 's Canterbury Tales . They reflect the same vulgar approach to entertainment which , instead of making us rise above the gutter of everyday life , brings us to the lowest level of crudity . There are some redeeming tales however , such as the Knight 's Tale , but as a whole , this book should be avoided by anyone with a sense of honour and decency .
 Chaucer 's Canterbury Tales is a widely discussed collaboration of tales that depict various groups of people in many different assessments . In The Wife of Bath , the portrayal of women is extremely controversial . The question of whether Chaucer was a misogynist or supported women 's liberation is a passionately discussed topic . Based upon Chaucer 's various portrayals of women , he was not a male chauvinist who desired superiority over women . Chaucer portrayed women through his opinion as an Englishman in Medieval England , where the common view was that women were subordinate to men . This is seen in the Wife of Bath 's contradictory personality as well as the characters of her tale.To understand the importance of feminist criticism , it is important to know what it is and stands for . Feminist literary criticism is the term for analyzing literary works through the examination of female points of view , concerns , and values in comparison with the time period and culture . In Mary Wollenstonecraft 's A Vindication of the Rights Women , she asserts the observation `` Women , I argue from analogy , are degraded by the same propensity to enjoy the present moment ; and , at last , despise the freedom which they have not sufficient virtue to struggle to attain . '' One of the primary purposes of feminist literary criticism is concerned with `` uncovering the contingencies of gender '' as a cultural , social , and political system and instrument of domination . -LRB- Jehlen -RRB- Meaning , that their goal is uncover any iniquities placed upon women due to cultural setting , political standpoints , or social foundations.Although there are immutable biological differences between men and women , these differences create various social differences in different societies . One society may be completely different than another , at least in their treatment of the separation of gender . Also , in a patriarchal society , such as England in Chaucer 's time , the separation of gender involves more than just social differences , but also the idea that sexual differences are the same as sexual inequality -LRB- . Rigby -RRB- It is inequitable to be judgmental of Chaucer and his views of women , as anti-feministic as they are , because Chaucer was from a completely different social construct and historical time period.Through Chaucer 's Wife of Bath , as well as the characters in her tale , he portrays various views of women within Chaucer 's time . He represents women as unchaste and unruly in the Wife of Bath , Dame Alice . He also depicts women as helpless and overlooked in the raped maiden of The Wife of Bath 's Tale . The queen within the tale is shown as gracious . However , the women questioned by the knight portray a sense of only worldly desire . The old woman shows the wisdom of women , although it seems that she is submitting herself to her husband , she has control over him.His portrayal of Dame Alice is the antithesis of the stereotype for women in Chaucer 's time . She was not pure an innocent , as she confessed that `` I wo n't remain altogether chaste '' Alice was not submissive to each of her husbands , she chose to rule over them . She strikes fear into the town and its parish to the point where she gets and does whatever she wants . The fear and respect the town has for her is seen in lines 459-463 of the General Prologue
 Why did I think this rendition of The Cantebury Tales was translated into modern English ? It is the second of three items purchased from Amazon , and a second disappointment . Perhaps I should not shop online . Regardless , it is a classic and , I suspect , not read by nearly as many who would enjoy it .
 This version of the Canterbury Tales in modern English is brilliant . Nonetheless I was deeply disappointed in finding that the Parson 's Tale was omitted completely , the reason being that `` it does not interest the general public '' . I disagree with such a sweeping statement .
 The paperback version has the original text of the tales on the left hand page and the modern translation on the right . The publisher does not provide any cues in formatting of the Kindle edition to show difference between the original text and the modern . The two texts run together making reading almost impossible .
 Beware of editions by General Books LLCThey produce books by scanning -LRB- OCR -RRB- copyright-free material , but without any editing.There are so many errors though that the result may be unusable.Usability probably depends on subject matter , but the many OCR-errors make even prose an annoying read.Especially mathematical and technical texts and texts with notes can become completely garbled.See the review of J.M. Keynes ' `` A treatise on probability '' on this site which I bought but is useless , and similar comments by other buyers -LRB- on `` Vanity Fair '' by Thackeray ; on `` The Italian '' by Radcliffe -RRB-
 This is not easy to read in Kindle format . In paperback , it has two translations
 I read this after downloading it from online and I 'm less than impressed . The introduction to this book admits that Bible studies have gone beyond what Strauss says but tries to claim that its value comes from its expression of the thoughts of the age , at a time when science had advanced so far that no Christian could avoid dealing with it in conscious evaluations of their religion . But it 's also true that the thoughts of the age were not so far advanced that Strauss did n't repeat conventionalities which have no basis in fact.So for example as early as section 5 of his introduction , Strauss subscribes to the canard that Christianity finished off Judaism . What an odd thing to write in 1833 , the time of the Rothschilds and the Montefiores ! What an odd thing to retain up through the 4th edition of 1902 , the time of the Bilu and Hovevey Zion immigrations to what is now Israel ! So even at first blush , Strauss ' book is myopic and insular and fails to incorporate information about real Judaism . It becomes all the more ironic now when Chabad and Daf Yomi have turned more Jews than ever to study of their birthright and its practice.Another example in the same section shows that Strauss believed in the worth of everything Christianity does , when he devalues the same activity in other cultures including Judaism . That 's not logic , or even intelligence , that 's apologetics . If allegory , as he says , is a way to explain oneself to outsiders or to the tyros of one 's own culture , why is it bad for Jews to use that tactic ? Again , he regards the birth , growth , and life activities of the pagan gods as mythical and that these features are important in considering the value of their myths as nonhistorical , but unimportant to the historicity of Jesus who not only was born as the begotten son of God but who also died physically . The only difference is that Origen 's allegories support Christianity and that Jesus was its founder , and Strauss can not conceal that from others as he apparently does from himself.Strauss goes on a wild goose chase with the genealogies in Matthew and Luke . In showing that there is a historical basis for them , he falls into a common but mistaken concept that an interpretation is inherent in a text and not imposed on it . Thus he first discusses various people born to old parents such as Isaac to Abraham and Sarah , and announced by angels . Later he turns this around to divine participation in the conception which he equates to the status of Jesus . He 's trying to show that Jesus really was the son of Joseph and thus inherited David 's kingship , but that Christians of the time considered Jesus divine resulting in the verses that call him God 's son . In fact Judaism never has and never will consider a divine annunciation the same as divine participation in conception . Strauss shares his mistaken attitude toward interpretation with a lot of people I have discussed the Bible with , who say they believe that Genesis states the exact facts of creation ; that is an interpretation and the actual text starts by naming heaven , earth , and water without stating how they came into being.Strauss commits the fault of asking people living hundreds or thousands of years ago to censor the tales they pass on to suit the prejudices of people nowadays . In other words this is a form of reverse historian 's fallacy . Instead of projecting modern attitudes back , he criticizes the past for conforming to the attitudes of that time . Strauss even goes to the unreasonable length of calling it perverted for Jews to interpret their own Scripture in more than one light , a fallacious claim that there can only be one right interpretation . Christianity is dogmatic about everything . Judaism only makes firm decisions in legal cases , or Midrash Rabbah , Midrash Tanchuma and many other works would not exist.Strauss ignores inconvenient details in the Bible or else he assumes some attitudes current in his time without realizing he has done so . Thus he attributes angels in the Bible to Zoroastrian influence , revealing that he thinks of Judaism as a late development in human history . In one sense we can give him a pass on this , because he wrote when Schliemann was only ten years old . Troy had not been rediscovered , let alone Nineveh or the Mesha Stele or Israel Stele of Merneptah . Radiation had not been discovered yet , let alone radioactive isotope dating methods or using satellite imagery to reveal traces left on the landscape by human activity . A conclusion reached on current data must be admitted to apply in the absence of further research , and must be given up in light of that research.Strauss shares a bad habit with other Biblical commentators . He claims a basis in Jewish scripture or practice for a particular statement , but he either refuses to cite the exact scripture or document describing the practice , or claims the authority of some other commentator . This is something like the fallacy of appeal to inadequate authority . Unless a reader has access to the commentator referred to , that writer 's work remains inadequate authority for Strauss and anybody else . The errors I 've seen in conclusions reached without adequate citations in works such as Philo , for one , makes me reject writers who adopt that practice.Finally , Strauss reveals he can not adequately evaluate texts referring to Jewish practice or thought . In Part I , Chapter 3 , section 23 on the conception , he describes an apocryphal work stating that Joseph and Mary both had to drink the waters of bitterness . This not only directly contradicts the Pentateuch -LRB- Numbers 5:18 -RRB- which makes this the responsibility of a woman who is married , but it also has no basis in Jewish law documented in Mishnah and Gemara -LRB- Tractates Sotah -RRB- . If Strauss realized the apocryphal work made this mistake , he should never have brought it up because it adds no value to his arguments . In section 25 he shows he believes that the Moshiach of Judaism was supposed to be a son of God . Judaism never did and never will teach any such thing and that is a point on which all Jews agree . Finally he apparently fails to realize that Judaism has the concept of a Messiah descended from Joseph as well as one descended from David , referred to in both Talmud and in Midrash Tanchuma.The only other pass I can worm out for Strauss is the nature of historical writing in his time . As late as Thomas Carlyle and Thomas Macaulay , history was still a branch of rhetoric designed to present a point of view , not compare and examine evidence . In Strauss 's time there was no conflict between claiming to examine the historicity of Jesus , and at the same time ignoring or mishandling evidence that discredits one 's thesis . Gibbon did that and lots of people still think he was a great historian.I do n't recommend anybody to read this book who values logic , let alone impartiality or truth . Strauss is writing completely from the Christian point of view and yet claiming to be a cool historian . From the point of view of 1833 , he is correct . In the 21st century we have or should have more stringent criteria .
 This review pertains only to the paperback edition of the book produced as what is labelled a `` High Quality Paperback . '' It has nothing to say about the content of the book . I was very disappointed in the quality of this edition . It looks like a photocopy of a previous edition . The edition copied is not clean , but has a lot of markings and underlining in the text . Plus the text itself is quite small and not always easy to read . It is printed so close to the edge that it is sometimes difficult to see the inside edge of the text.When one opens the book , one is startled to see that there is no page indicating the publisher , date or who the translator is . There is no ISBN . Then , when I looked at the end of the book , I discovered that the last page of text was not in fact the end of the book ! Something was missing . I went to a local college library and found out that there was one whole page of text missing . Plus there are several pages of annotations to the text and a section of bibliographies . All of this is missing , too.In short , this edition is very cheap and suitable only for the casual reader who cares nothing about the quality of the book . I will think long and hard before I purchase another book from this publisher .
 This edition broke off in mid-sentence in the last page or two . Do n't order it until the problem has been fixed .
 Dave Hall wrote one hiking book about Utah . However , it is sold under two different titles . One is `` The Hiker 's Guide to Utah '' and the other is `` Hiking Utah '' . They are both published by Falcon , with the same copyright date , and are completely the same book ! I can not in good conscience buy any other Falcon book , when it is obvious that Dave Hall and Falcon are purposefully trying to rip off the hiking public .
 My first reaction to `` Born to Rebel '' was that it most likelywas some very elaborate hoax . It 's not that the book ` sconclusions are preposterous . It 's the patently puerileapproach the author takes . Everything that agrees with thethesis is appropriate data . Anything that does n't isexplained away with a suitable arm wave.History can indeed be treated scientifically but this is n'tit . And describing the way in which birth order affects one ` spersonality as an example of Darwinian theory has got to bea joke.Darwin has n't enough trouble ... This too !
 I have just heard Mr. Sulloway interviewed this morning on KQED regarding his Darwinian interpretation of struggles within family niches . Also how IQ declines with every additional family , presumably because the parents are less invested with the following children than the first . Although we are enamored with psychological and abstract theories in this country -LRB- and there must be some validity I am sure -RRB- , there is a huge , obvious reason for which this might be true without having to resort to any sort of theoretical abstraction . The first child has the entirety of nourishment in utero , as well as a generally more calm environment in which to gestate . Should the children be spaced within years of each other , each following child will have fewer nutritional resources , given the state of depletion of the mother 's body with each ensuing pregnancy -LRB- it is not for nothing that pregnant women lose a great deal of teeth in the developing world ; calcium and iron stores are often enormously depleted -RRB- as well as the stress hormones that must surge with the added responsibilities of looking after young children while pregnant . As well as the nutrition that has been siphoned off not only by the pregnancies but also by breast feeding . Anecdotally , my brother was born at a healthy birth weight and is , as the studies suggest , the one of us with the highest IQ . I was born a year later and severely premature with a host of natal conditions . And my sister two years later -LRB- my mother had a chance to rest , replenish and recuperate -RRB- at a healthy weight . I do not understand the reason for which we turn to esoteric psychological explantations when the physical one is so highly evident .
 The only thing lankmark about Sulloway 's second big book is that it 's been labeled `` landmark '' by everybody , and possibly by the author himself , behind his false modesty and intellectual cowardice . It is not surprising that all the big names are praising this book ; and as one of the customer reviews said
 For those enthusiastic readers of Sulloway 's book , he has revolutionized the study of birth order . But consider 3 points . 1 . Sulloway claims to be comprehensive , but his data is highly selective . He claims to have studied 6000 individuals in history ; but even so what he has ignored is a far more significant chunk of humanity than what he has included . Basically , whatever supports his idea he presents with pretentious authority ; whatever does n't fit he either ignores or interprets away in a very subjective -LRB- i.e. unscientific -RRB- mode . Moreover , he does not stick to strict biological birthorder , but rather prefers HIS INTERPRETATION of birthorder , a personal construct . If his book is indeed a revolution , we shall be grateful to Dr. Sulloway for telling us what our birthorder should be ; he seems to have more authority in this matter than our biological parents . 2 . As to a bit of data that contradicts Sulloway 's hypothesis , any teacher of experimental psychology knows that the weakest correlation one could find is in birthorder studies . This is confirmed by literally thousands of studies done by students across the country . These results never got published because , as we all know , journals tend to prefer significant results . The null hypothesis , however true , does not make interesting reading . Of course , I can just see Dr. Sulloway protesting the unreliability of student studies . It seems that only his own research , and whatever agrees with it , has any authority . Other people do n't understand statistics , or Darwin , or science in general . My point is this
 This book is illustrative to me of what is wrong with psychology today . As was brilliantly pointed out in Judith Harris 's book `` No Two Alike , '' this book has no scientific basis . I am at least the second review here to point this out.As Harris explains , the portion of the variance for most major traits -LRB- juvenile delinquency being a rare exception -RRB- that can be attributed to birth order is basically negligible . The only reason for why a correlation may exist at all is probably due to genetic differences in the parents themselves . For example , parents with higher IQs tend to have fewer children . Since IQ is a heritable trait , we can expect only children to have higher IQs than latter-born children in large families . The cause here is genetic in origin . Once these genetic effects have been corrected for , the role of birth order becomes negligible .
 For many years I assumed birth order maters - and that this is my unique idea . Ha ! And Ha ! - respectfully , now I know . But at the time I heard Sulloway 's lecture to the Skeptic Society - I was still sympathetic to the idea . Finally someone got it ! I thought . However , listening to him , I knew he got it all wrong . I could explain how he is wrong , and yet , he did all that research , he had all those numbers ... maybe he is right after all ... Later I found out . See for yourself . And consider buying that issue of JPS . I have it , it is a worthy reading.http : / / www.marginalrevolution.com/marginalrevolution/2004/03/born_to_sue.html
 That Sulloway 's book has received critical acclaim as well as financial success will , I think , prove to be a disturbing fact about our age that future historians must explain . I see that the review below defends the book against charges of pseudoscience because Sulloway has used valid methods in reaching conclusions known since biblical times . If conformity is the mark of `` genuine '' science , I suppose one can find little to criticize in this tome . All that conforms to our age 's worst prejudices is confirmed by Sulloway , scientifically , so he claims . His tool is statatistics , his muse Darwin -LRB- or the Harvard Darwin -RRB- . And the genuineness of his science can be seen in the praises from Wilson and Mayr . How , indeed , can we question the authority of numbers and of authorities ? And even if we can , can we go even further and question common sense and zeitgeist ? Again , I would simply like to point out the importance of the Sulloway phenomenon for future historians of American culture . I would also remind readers that it was not too long ago that Nazi scientists demonstrated beyond doubt that Jewish noses were bigger , Jewish skulls more rat-like ... and from these `` facts '' important conclusions were drawn regarding the history and the destiny of human beings .
 This book was selected by NY Times as a notable book of the year . The NY Times , indeed , knew what 's up . More than any other , Born to Rebel belonged to the year in which it was published ; it did n't take long at all for it to be forgotten -- as soon as the next year arrived it became a historical document . A classic ? Stunning ? Masterful ? Why is its reputation in rapid decline ? Sulloway writes books which do n't even pass the 2-year test . Surely this is a perfect example of how vulnerable `` contemporary '' reputation is .
 This book seems to me to be exceptionally stupid , but unfortunately very characteristic of all the `` exceptional '' -LRB- that is , critically acclaimed -RRB- books nowadays
 A reader writes
 Although the data supporting his hypothesis look very impressive and almost convincing , the problem I have with this book it that Mr Sulloway picks his Revolutionary Theories for reasons that are dubious . For example , excluding certain theories on the basis that `` they would have been discovered by others around the same time '' can hardly be called scientific . And then , after lots of very impressive statistics , he wanders off into the land of anecdotal evidence science that makes the reader wonder why he 's working at MIT in the first place . Although there is probably a basis for some of his conclusions , and it is a great effort to bring science to this subject of popular prejudice , I ca n't support the raving reviews it received in the press .
 Ever since I took intermediate algebra high school , I 've wanted to learn the proof for the insolvability of the general quintic polynomial . I bought this book with great hope and expectation , but , with all due respect to the previous Amazon reviewers and the late professor Artin , I found it severely lacking . Its proofs are too dense in some places and too sparse in others , and its notation is obscure . I returned it almost immediately . I do not believe that any eighth grader could understand this book . If its price were not so low and its potential audience so limited , I would suspect fraud on the part of the first amazon reviewer . I eventually used the 2nd edition of Fraleigh 's Abstract Algebra text to learn the proof for the insolvability of the general quintic . Fraleigh leaves key parts of the proof as exercises for the reader , but if you have the patience to prove some theorems yourself , Fraleigh is the way to go .
 Hi , I bought this book sometime last month . Received it couple of weeks back . It was delivered promptly , but the book print quality seems to be bad . In fact it looks like a fake ! Looks more like a photocopy of the original book . So much for paying this kind of money to buy the ` original ' .
 Of all the Changeling books I own , this has to be one of the more disappointing , esp . because , as a long-time player , I was very fond of sluagh as a kith . I found the artwork to be far too ` cute ' to take seriously , and the opening story , while entertaining , contradicted much of the Player 's Guide , and corebook impressions of the kith . Instead of their ` Whispers ' Flaw having been born from ` Whispers being more terrifying than a shout ' -LRB- Player 's Guide -RRB- , we have a tale of their voices having been bats slain by the Tuatha as revenge . We are told of secret Seelie-Unseelie Wars , when WW canon until then had been Kith solidarity , no matter what . The reason and motives behind Wraith/Sluagh linkage was changed ... again . And murder by Iron for talking too much ? Puh-leeze . This is not to say the book had NO redeeming qualities . It DID have interesting sections on Abbey Lubbers -LRB- sluagh that punished the wicked rich -RRB- Truth -LRB- and why it is important -RRB- , and Wheelings and Dealings -LRB- How their network works -RRB- that seemed to keep to the spirit , and was entertaining.However , the editing was a bit sloppy ; the Flaw , ` Knows Too Much , ' was left in by mistake . It was intended to have been cut . As it is , the book contradicts ITSELF , with tales of reincarnated ` Sluagh of Note ' in the back.One somewhat redeeming quality I found in the book was in the Merits and Flaws , which , on the whole , were decent . Excepting the editing error.As a whole , however , for creatures of born of darkest Nightmare , of whisperers in the dark and things that slither and Watch , I was left with far too warm and fuzzy of a feeling . And having expected something perhaps a bit more ... horrifying ... this rather compounded my sense of disappointment .
 Cozmans introduction and tranlation are no improvment over the Justin O ' Brian translation in fact Cozman 's translation can not touch O'Brians flow , elgance and art . Cozman 's tranlation is a labor while Justin O ' Brian is tranaltion is a pleasure to read and easly comprehended . If Camus French was a bad as Cozman 's English translation then we would not be reading Camus today.The introduction by the Turkish nobel prize winner is in same leauge as Cozmans translation . He is verbose and not elganant in any way . His novels reak of Camus and Camus should never reak.The first tip off is that Camus dedication to Frances is deleted from this edition . This is sad when a publisher does not respect the orginal author enough to give a page to a dead nobel prize winner for a dedication . Camus gave us so much that he deserves this respect.The O'Brian text has no introduction , no forward , just Camus translated well and the dedication to Frances . That is enough for me.The EXILE and The KINGDOM is wonderful . The Silent Man , The Adultrous Woman and The Artist 's Life three of the greatest stroies ever written . I read this book cover to cover twice in succesion . Most books of short stories only have one captivating short story and idea . This book of stories was orginally published with the Novel the Fall . The O'Brian editon of these two books are comnonly found used on Amazon and at your local library .
 Well , here I am again with Albert Camus . This is the third review of one of his works that I 've written . I thought The Stranger was a great work and so I went on to The Fall and found it lacking . I 've found that Camus is at his best when he concentrates on a story instead of preaching to his audience . Yeah , you can put philosophical ideas in fiction but you have to clothe it deeply enough in story . In Exile and the Kingdom -LRB- 1958 -RRB- , a book of 6 short stories comes closer to the storytelling brillance of The Stranger but does n't quite pull it off.Most of the stories in the book are about people that are being repressed by society in one form or another . They have gotten sick of their lives and are on the cusp of breaking down or screaming out or surrendering to their fate . Some of them escape and some of the characters do n't . The first story , `` The Adulterous Woman '' is about a woman who has been married too long and while visiting an Arab town begins to awaken her physical being to the sights and sounds of the desert and of other men . `` The Renegade '' shows what happens when a missionary priest is captured by a tribe of savages and is forced to worship a pagan idol . This is one of the more effective stories and reminds me of the first person style of The Fall . `` The Silent Men '' concerns us with one of the favorite pasttimes of Europeans , namely the labor dispute . It is about the relations between some barrelmakers and their boss . Not exactly high drama.In `` The Guest '' , a schoolteacher on a remote mountain , isolated from civilization , is given the responsibility of escorting a murderer to the civil authorities . `` The Artist at Work '' is the greatest story in the book . It is about the continual conflict between an artist 's desire to be a part of society and the need he has for solitude . The painter in this story gets married , has kids , tries to be a celebrity , and almost destroys his very reason for being . Almost everyone , even his disciples , are unknowingly killing him because they never allow him time to work.The last story in the book , `` The Growing Stone '' was almost completely a waste of time . I know it was about a French engineer going to a rainforest village to construct a flood prevention system but beyond that it got shaky . I know he went to one of their celebrations and saw something like a voodoo ceremony but beyond that I did n't have a clue as to what was going on . I 'm sure it was one of those Heart of Darkness things where civilized European confronts dark forces of the jungle and loses.This book as a whole was OK . Nothing bad . Just Ok . The artist story was quite good even though it was a bit melodramatic and romantic . `` The Renegade '' I 'll have to read again but I believe it to be quite masterful too . As for the other stories , I do n't see that you would miss anything if you did n't read them . There just does n't seem to be a lot going on in them . The characters are n't given enough to make us interested in them . In fact , I do n't think any of these stories are essential to Camus ' work or French literature . They were just average to me . Read The Stranger instead .
 Having not read Camus since my school days , with the exception , that is , of his play * Caligula , * I picked up this collection of short stories remembering Camus as an old favorite . I wonder if I would now find * The Stranger * and * The Plague * just as pass&eacute;.These stories just do n't hold up , if they ever did . Are they really considered representative of Camus ` at the height of his power , ' as the biographical note to this edition maintains ? I 'd have to think , indeed hope , that was just hype.Delivered with all the subtlety of a trumpeting elephant , the themes comprising * The Exile and The Kingdom * seemed terribly dated , nave , and without any particular distinction as great literature . As translated , the stories are written with admirable clarity in predominately short , clean sentences reminiscent to me somewhat of Hemingway , which makes the reading quick and simple -- but after fifty years , Camus is n't only saying nothing new ; he is n't saying anything old in a particularly compelling way either.Perhaps the best story is * The Renegade * -- a ` mad ' monologue delivered by a missionary captured by a savage tribe in the middle of a salt wasteland and converted to their religion of uncompromising cruelty . Probably the worst of the lot is * The Artist At Work * -- a didactic author omniscient narrative that has the simplicity of a fable and all the clich&eacute;s of one , too.In the end , I 'd like to think that * The Exile and the Kingdom * is a collection of basically throw-away work of fourth-rate Camus that nonetheless made its way into print -- and stayed in print so long -- because of Camus 's Nobel Prize-winning status . And because , at his level of literary importance and influence , everything he 's written is of lasting interest , if only to Camus scholars . I 'd like to think that , but I 'm not so sure . One thing I am sure of , however , is that these were n't of much interest to me at all .
 The inside back cover of the 1990 edition demonstrates what you can do with a vocabulary of difficult words . `` Do n't let your nolition about noegenesis keep you nolens volens from your nomic noesis . '' For those of us dummies who do n't understand some of the difficult words , the translation is provided
 Rushdie attempts at trying to reconcile his origins and his present state . Like the Enigma of Arrival by V.S. Naipaul , Rushdie asks the cultural Darwinism questions
 Sure , there 's imagination in this book , but the language used to put it across is not worth talking about . It was a major disappointment after I 'd read Midnight 's Children and the Moor 's Last Sigh . It 's not a book worth buying and I 'd only advise borrowing it if you 're really bored -LRB- or curious , I suppose -RRB- .
 My modern fiction course required reading this book . My friend said that he did n't have a clue what the stories were about , but he was certain Salman Rushdie smoked dope every day before writing it!This `` modern fiction '' was so awful that I have chosen to give up reading fiction books !
 I guess if you are very in to Salman Rushdie 's works this book would be good but I had trouble getting threw it . The language was excessively complex . The language alone made the reading of the book unpleasant . I love books but I ca n't say I enjoyed reading this one .
 I 'm afraid that the stories in East , West , though occasionally interesting , really did n't do that much for me . It seems to me that the main reason for Rushdie being hailed as a great Eastern writer is that he is one of the very few currently well known ones , due to the publicity he got when clashing with Khomeini . I know he tried to write about life , to record on paper the lives of modern Indians in a modern age , except it does n't feel very real . The dialogues are often bulky , sometimes clumsy . Maybe that 's because of Indian conventions of speech translated into English . But it does n't really seem like any of his characters could be real , breathing people , which is sort of the purpose of writing `` about life '' . Maybe that 's because these are short stories and the characters do n't have enough space to be fleshed out . But then again , many famous writers of short stories managed to record whole lives very accurately in a few pages -LRB- Chekhov , anyone ? -RRB- . That 's not to say these are necessarily terrible . They 're interesting enough , and most come with twists at the end that will genuinely surprise you . `` The Prophet 's Hair '' is a nice Arabian Nights-like diversion , `` The Courter '' is kinda poignant , `` At the Auction ... '' is kinda reflective and philosophical . But it 's really not a book that I would _ buy _ , to keep on my shelf and come back to over and over . After reading it , I have utterly no desire to return to it.High point of the book
 Some of these short story 's were very depressing . Some were so flowery that you had to concentrate on what the author was saying .
 After reading `` Women 's Inhumanity to Women '' and `` Tripping the Prom Queen '' this was a disappointment . Maybe if I had n't read the others first , it may have been eye-opening . As it stands , if you want to the real dirt on women 's relations , this might be a good introduction . If you 're like me , this poses no new revelation .
 Other than the setting , i.e. , Lithuania , I found the book a great disappointment . More suited for children 's literature .
 I ordered this book mid-April for Mother 's Day . It did not arrive at the estimated time . I waited another week then contacted the dealer . They said I needed to wait the maximum shipping time before they could resolve the issue . It still did not arrive so I contacted them again and they stated that they would send the book now . I waited again and it still did n't arrive so I sent another email . Amazon has issued a refund because the seller now says that the book is apparently out of stock . I feel they should have said that from the beginning .
 I had to purchase this book for a philosophy class I 'm taking , and it 's been painful to read . At first I thought it was because I 'm used to my kindle , but when compared to other paper books , the printing is awful . It feels like I 'm staring at a wall of text , and the lines tend to merge together . There needs to be more space in between the lines , and it would go a long way if the pages were not so bright . I think this is the first book I 've ever seen with this problem , and I hope it 's the last.As far as the content of the book is concerned , it 's about what I 'd expect from a basic philosophy book , so that 's not really an issue .
 Having so much enjoyed the first two volumnes in this series , I was not prepared for this turgid list of self improvement . Yes Clive is well read , English and Italian , yes he does know the difference between a Donatello and a Michelangelo , but do we need to know every book he read in the two years , every painting he saw and how it moved him . The simple answer is no . Unfortunately it takes 250 pages to find out.The story of how a drunken extemely funny youth becomes a sober mildly funny old pseud .
 I picked this up while traveling and thought it would be a fun read on holiday . It was n't . While I can understand the author 's anger at herself and her former husband and life , it is cumbersome to read . She has great distain for most men and overweight people . Despite traveling to numerous locations around the world , her writing reads like a diary and is often repetitive . While I 'm sure this was cathartic for her , it just was n't interesting . It is highly judgmental of others . The book abruptly ends when she boards the plane to fly home . I only read through the entire book to see what kind of impact the trip had on her life after returning home . Very disappointing .
 Someone , I suppose , told Chesterton that his ideas regarding distributivism could never work . He was evidently inspired to write this series of interconnected tales , set in modern times , each somehow dealing with the achievement of an impossible thing . The ultimate goal is to agitate for his distributivist agenda -LRB- Land distribution among the common folk -RRB- . I do n't know if distributivism could be made to work . But -LRB- sorry G.K. -RRB- these stories do not work . I tried to like them , but I found myself becoming increasingly bored.Chesterton has written quite a few good short stories . But he seems to be at his best when he does not stray too far from the `` detective story '' format . Aside from his Father Brown stories , which can be quite good , you can also try : `` The Man Who Knew Too Much '' -LRB- Horne Fisher stories -RRB- `` The Poet and the Lunatics '' -LRB- Gabriel Gale stories -RRB- . `` The Club of Queer Trades '' -LRB- Basil Grant stories -RRB- . All of which are better than `` Tales of the Long Bow '' . -LRB- I here consider only his short stories - many of his essays and novels are also worth reading -RRB- .
 What are Cornel West and Jim Wallis doing in a book about Catholic social teaching ? Professor West sees the world almost entirely through the prism of race , while Wallis is best known for providing cover for abortion rights politicians with his Sojourners organization . Yet somehow Mich endorses works by both of these partisan figures in his book . There are useful things to learn from Mr. Mich , but the vision of social justice on display in these pages is frequently politicized . -LRB- One of the accomplishments cited by Mich is lobbying for a reallocation of funds from a large tobacco settlement toward favored political projects . -RRB- That is n't surprising ; Mich is employed by the Diocese of Rochester , a redoubt of progressive politics and doctrinal dissent . Readers are advised to seek other resources , and they might consider learning what the Church teaches about social justice . Fr . Rodger Charles ` sAn Introduction to Catholic Social Teachingis a good place to start .
 Compared to the John Sanford prey series or the Michael Connelley Detective Harry Bosch seriesthis is pretty dull . There is no getting into the mind of the criminal at all . I also felt no intimaterelation with Detective Jury ; there is very little about his life problems or what he is thinking as hetries to solve the murder . It is just aplodding questioning of suspects with little if any real police procedure or scientific analysisof evidence . If you like British dialogue with weird names of streets and towns then this may appealto you . Some of the characters were interesting but that is it .
 Honestly , I have no idea why Martha Grimes is so popular . This is the only novel by her that I managed to slog through , and I hope it is n't characteristic of how this author usually writes . This was one of the most boring attempts at a mystery that I have ever encountered . The plot is pretty much non-existent , the characters are completely one-dimensional and often practically indistinguishable . There are endless attempts at very tortured jokes that are supposed to pass for a sense of humor.The only reason I forced myself to finish this horrible book is because I really wanted to know what is it that makes so many people like this writer . Nevertheless , I still have no answer to this question .
 Though the book was well researched , it was a little sappy . The characters were quite one dimensional and the four women in the book were devoid of personality . It 's hard to believe that a woman wrote this book . Where was the suspense ? The drama ? The free will ? Great history lesson though - more children 's book than adult novel .
 just beginning it , of irish decent and this is written by someone I believe is a relative of mine . cool
 I was excited to read this book based on the reviews , my love of history . I was extremely disappointed . The characters here are one dimensional , uttering predictable catch-phrases , and are basically uninteresting . I got through about 200 pages and could n't even finish . The main character is increadibly driven , and consequently his reactions throughout the story become entirely predictable . He has no depth and the author does n't create any kind of sympathy , empathy , or interest between the character and the reader . I really did n't care what happened to him or any of the characters in the book . I think I 'll stick with Bernard Cornwell , or Sharon Kay Penman .
 I do n't know who the target is for books like this , but I found it painfully bad . As a student of Irish history , I can tell you this book is not only poorly written but historically inaccurate . Not that perfect accuracy should be the goal of a fiction writer , but how about making an attempt at being accurate as well as entertaining ? The book rambles on and on with little motivation for the character 's actions or substance in the writing . Some of the passages are just laugh-out-loud ridiculous . `` His face looked like a linen napkin '' Really ? What does that mean ? It was in someone 's lap ? It was covered in gravy?The author makes use of -LRB- often misspelled -RRB- Gaelic words throughout , but does n't include a glossary . Are we supposed to be impressed ? It just makes the sentences awkward.Avoid this book at all costs.If you want authentic , well-written historical fiction , stick with Pressfield or Rutherford . I just wish I 'd read this one first before I 'd ordered more by the same author .
 . . that julia child 's name is even used in conjuction with this book . it should be called the whiny , unrelentingly self absorbed brat , julie powell & what she 's complaining about today . . the woman has no talent . it gives me great pleasure knowing julia child never read this overpriced piece of crap ! she used juila child to gain fame & tricked us all into believing she actually cared about her , about cooking & about being a decent writer . stick to your blogs , julie . that way you can just disappear into the masses of mediocre writers & name droppers where you belong . ps - i was routing for your husband to leave you the entire time .
 I 'm an enthusiastic home cook and foodie and turned to this book with great interest . I was sorely disappointed . It would have been a charming book if the author had written only about her endeavors in the kitchen . Instead , we were subjected to an in-depth examination of her mundane life , to include discussion of her body hair and odor . That she injected her political leanings into the book was additionally unforgivable . I did not like the author . She struck me as unmotivated , unfocused , undisciplined , and , judging by the maggot episode , crack house filthy . Under these circumstances , the potty talk simply was n't funny-it just screamed `` no class , no talent . '' She whined endlessly about her job working for an unnamed agency involved in providing post-9 / 11 services in New York City -- she found no honor in this public service and seemed to disparage her co-workers as unenlightened . I found her attitude toward her job deeply offensive . I finished this book for the same reason I 've plodded through MFK Fisher -- if only to think `` I 'm glad I 'm not her . ''
 This blog/book is like a bag of Cheetos . It 's so yummy and cheesy and you just ca n't stop and you really should stop and you kind of slow down and then you feel full and then you have another handful and then you fold up the bag and start to put it where you ca n't reach it and then you eat another handful and feel kind of yucky and then you wish you 'd never seen those Cheetos ever because they were n't really that good to begin with . You do n't eat Cheetos again for a long time . This book is like that -- it 's junk food , not worth the ten bucks.Better to spend the money on the film -LRB- `` Julie and Julia '' -RRB- that is partially based on the book -- you 'll get the idea and you 'll get to watch Amy Adams and -LRB- especially -RRB- Meryl Streep.On second thought , maybe an analogy between Julie Powell 's chronicle of her attention-getting stunt and useless junk food does not quite get at the `` bad for you '' quality of `` Julie and Julia . '' The truly unfortunate thing about this book , in which Julie the blogger cooks her way through Julia Child 's `` Mastering the Art of French Cooking , '' is the false impression it gives of Child 's great cookbook , which taught me , and so many others , how to cook . Certainly some of the recipes in `` Mastering '' are complicated and even fussy , but the majority are not ; they 're just good and exceptionally well-written , half a century after Julia Child set out to make French food accessible for American cooks . Julie Powell , however , emphasizes the really complicated recipes -LRB- and resulting mishaps -RRB- -- that 's what sells books -- and her kitchen catastrophes ultimately give a downright misleading impression of what Julia Child was all about , which was encouraging people to think that they too could cook delicious food . Forego the book for the movie , but take the ten bucks you would have spent on `` Julie and Julia '' and put them toward the ingredients for Julia Child 's duckling with orange sauce or her chicken fricassee or her creme caramel . Make yourself a feast . Hate cooking ? Then skip `` Julie and Julia '' and buy the wonderful Julia Child memoir , `` My Life in France . ''
 I gave this book one star , if at all possible i would have given it zero . Being a Foodie , I picked this book up hoping to find a book about this woman and her attempts at following in the great Julia Childs Whisk-prints , and instead about 100 pages into it i realized that i was taken , robbed and the joke was on me . Julie Powell is a woman who hated her life , her job , and wanted to get rich off of a dead womans reputation and i think its despicable . There is not one Iota of Julia 's amazing spirit in the pages , only Julies filthy mouth , kitchen and monotonous repetitive monologues . Oh , she hates eggs , and uses wonderbread to make recipes , we get to hear about her brilliant idea for a blog and how everyone loved the way she wrote , I am not sure if this womans nose is brown because of eating chocolate or because she kissed her own self righteous behind too much.If you love Julia , do not read this , its full of insults thrown her way .
 I picked this up at the library after hearing from a family member that she really enjoyed the movie . Being someone who is skeptical of movie adaptations of books , I figured I had better read the original first . Actually , that 's incorrect ; if I wanted to read the original , I would have read her blog . Red flag # 1
 Before buying this book I came to Amazon and read a bunch of reviews . While many of them were negative , I figured , `` I like all books . '' Wow . I should have listened to those other reviewers . If Ms. Powell had stuck to the memoirs of her cooking , it would have been great . Instead , she sticks the cooking bits in between unneccessary political commentary , complaining about her job , snarking at her husband , and general awfulness . She is so unlikeable , that I am considering not finishing the book . I have only done that twice before , usually I just slog through . If you have n't bought this book yet , do n't . Listen to the reviews , and wait for the movie if you must experience it .
 Wow . I was hoping this was going to be so good . It was my pick to jump start my summer reading binge . Maybe I 'm spoiled after reading `` Cooking for Mr. Latte '' and `` A Homemade Life '' , but this is just painful to even attempt to finish . I 'm trying my darnedest too , but it 's slow , neurotic -LRB- not in a good way -RRB- , and the cooking is such a miniscule part of the whole darned thing . How did she get a book deal ? I hope the movie is ok , maybe that can salvage this , because man , the book is already in my donate box . Not even going to TRY to resell the darn thing .
 Although this author is witty and has a definite way with words , I found her to be a whiny brat . In her wry manner , Julie displays a lack of respect for most people she encounters , camouflaged under a cloak of humor . I did not expect a cookbook , but hoped for a more engaging story of `` self-awakening '' . I put the book down because I could not spend another moment with this individual , who mistakenly finds her histronics an amusing topic of interest for eveyone .
 This book starts out with a good premise , but then quickly deteriorates to the story of ME ME ME , rather than a cooking adventure.I kept hoping the book would improve , but this morning I decided that I could n't read any more . I have other books on my to-read shelf that merit my attention now!If you must try it , get it from the library or borrow from a friend . Or you can have my copy ...
 This book was not horrible , but it was n't very redeeming . I asked for it for Christmas , and squealed with delight when I actually got it . I 'm very sorry now that my husband wasted hard-earned money on this.I 'm only half finished , but I doubt that I will be finishing it . It is not about cooking , and as everyone else has said , foodies will not like it . It is not inspiring , and there is nothing to identify with . You ca n't even root for the author . She is crass , full of foul language , discriminatory , boring , miserable , and thoroughly uninteresting.This was my first forray in to a foodie-type book , and I 'm scared to ever go back .
 Something tells me that if I had read the book first , I probably would n't have bothered with the movie . Glad I saw it the other way around . The screenplay writers did an excellent job turning a sow 's ear into a silk purse -LRB- or reasonable fascimile of it . -RRB- I barely made it through the first chapter without wanting to just throw the book across the room . Turns out Julie Powell was a whiner far earlier in the book than she was in the movie . At least in the movie , some of the whining is charming . In the book it is not at all charming . You just want to smack her and yell , grow up already ! In comparison , Julia 's memoir is far more interesting , and while Julia definitely had her moments , it was clear she was far more emotionally mature than Julie . No wonder Julia blew off Julie and her blog .
 OK , if you want to be a writer , then write -- do n't let endless pop-cultural references do the work for you -LRB- '' ... his expression blank like a character on South Park before delivering a punch-line '' , or references to the movie Airplane , Buffy the Vampire Slayer , Meryl Streep in `` The Hours '' , and many , many others -RRB- . Do n't assume your readers have seen every movie you 've seen , or watched every TV show you 've watched . Even though I got most of her references and could form a mental picture of what she was trying to describe , it was rather annoying . I kept thinking , `` This is the best description you could manage ? Can you really be this lazy and still get published ? What 's happened to the publishing industry ? '' Lazy , BAD writing , with only an occasional humorous remark -- most of them lose their humor for their mean-spirited delivery or whining tone . Unfortunately , when not relying heavily on pop-culture references , there is frequent lapsing into over-writing and just trying way too hard . The middle ground would have been preferable . One quickly notices a significant lack of anything resembling depth here.I also wonder , like other reviewers , if perhaps the author could expand her vocabulary a bit beyond expletives . She came across as coarse , unimaginative , and emotionally immature . The end result is anything but a journey of the soul . It 's just time spent with someone who comes across as highly dysfunctional , not very likable , and in serious need of an Alcoholics Anonymous group . Their lives sound pathetic , even as we go on what could have been a really fascinating journey of growth and introspection . This is just a bitch-fest that leaves one wanting to send a condolence card to her `` sainted '' husband , Eric.She begins early in the book describing a clearly mentally-ill woman in a subway station , who is hitting her head on the concrete as simply , `` The Loon '' . Not a trace of compassion or empathy , just a dehumanizing , nasty descriptor , repeated numerous times . This narcissist simply saw in that person the set up for her own whining about her life . This made me cringe , and should have been the tip-off , the red flag , telling me this is not someone with whom I want to spend my valuable reading time . I should have listened to my gut in the first chapter.If you want to read about food and cooking , read Julia Child , herself , or I highly recommend anything by M.F.K. Fisher.Will definitely skip Powell 's next book ... and any subsequent ones . You might want to do the same .
 After reading My Life in France I could n't wait to read Julie & Julia . I was hoping to read about someone becoming inspired , growing as a person , embracing life ala Julia . Instead the personal account struck me as whiney , self absorbed and uninspiring . What a disappointment !
 I tend to stay away from `` chick lit '' and movies , but I saw a preview for Julie/Julia and thought it looked better than most of the genre . I decided to read the book first , since that 's usually better than the movie turns out to be . I hope for everyone 's sake that the movie is better . Things I did n't like about the book :1 -RRB- I felt like I was reading a blog . I do n't waste time reading self-important blogs day after day -LRB- so why did I finish the book ?! -RRB- .2 -RRB- I 'm a liberal -LRB- upstate NY -RRB- , but I felt the constant republican bashing was completely irritating .3 -RRB- The messy kitchen . A maggot infestation and food smeared on the walls is not normal .4 -RRB- Frankly -LRB- and this will make people question why I would even pick up the book -RRB- , the French cooking . I 'm not a `` foodie '' . Most of the recipes -LRB- no , I 've never eaten kidneys and do n't plan to -RRB- and the excessive use of butter made me nauseous to even read . I guess I wo n't be buying any of Julia Child 's cookbooks either.I did n't mind the cursing . It was a quick read and I did finish the book . Would n't recommend it to anyone , though . I 'll probably still see the movie , although I 'll wait until it 's out on DVD and I can get it for a dollar in the Red Box .
 This book grew out of a blog . I 've read hundreds of blogs , and they are either blogs by really boring people sharing excruciatingly dull details of their uninteresting lives , or blogs with a theme . Luckily , this book falls into the latter category.Julie Powell is a good writer , no doubt . Her year-long project , cooking her way through Julia Child 's `` Mastering the Art of French Cooking , '' is a great subject for a blog . How could this book NOT get five stars?I really enjoyed reading about Julia 's life -- her courtship of , and marriage to , Paul Child , and her emergence as a world-class chef . Powell does a good job with weaving Julia 's story through the book , and she does n't split her story with Julia 's 50/50 , which is what I had expected . Instead , she uses her Julia anecdotes like seasoning , or a thoughtfully-chosen fine wine.Also , she peppers the book with references to `` Buffy the Vampire Slayer '' and its creator , Joss Whedon . We 're big Buffy fans in this house -LRB- some , like my husband and daughter , moreso than others -RRB- and it was really fun to run across Buffy-related comments . Powell also mentions Max Brooks 's `` Zombie Outbreak Survival Guide '' in her recommended reading list , which is my youngest son 's all-time most favorite book in the entire world , so that was cool.Those things were enjoyable.What I did NOT like about the book was Powell 's snarkiness . At first it was amusing to read these little asides about her co-workers , but then it started to grate on me . Powell works as a secretary for a government agency during this cooking project , and part of her job involves sifting through suggestions for a 9/11 memorial . People from all over would send her their ideas , and she has to sort through them -- which sounds really depressing . But she actually mocks these submissions , and the grief-stricken people who took the time to mail them in . She also has nothing but contempt for fellow employees who do n't share her party affiliation . It 's very interesting that she views herself as an open-minded person , and yet is such an unrepentant snob . Maybe she thinks she HAS to be mean , living in New York and all , or maybe she thinks this cattiness is cute.I do n't know . I am glad I read the book , but I 'm also glad I do n't move in the same circles as Powell . At one point , she learns that Julia Child has heard about her project , and that Child was `` a pill '' when the topic was brought up.Hmmm ... kind of like her protegee .
 I would n't recommend this book to my family and friends . It 's a poorly written book with incoherent plot lines and inadequate character building . Do n't waste your time and money . This maybe one movie adaptation that is better than the book . Go watch the movie instead .
 Ms. Powell 's book , which I eagerly anticipated , bombed as far as I 'm concerned . A complete disappointment . Flippant , ignorant about food and cooking techniques , Ms. Powell is hardly the person to be taken as an expert on food , even if she did cook a lot of Julia Child 's recipes -LRB- and yet Bon Appetit and other publications , including The Washington Post , are falling all over themselves offering Ms. Powell writing assignments -- it goes to show how much such publications really do seek new , fresh voices in food writing -- take note , all you food writers out there ! -RRB- . Superficial and not worth the time .
 I disagree with the reviewer who characterized the author as a poor writer . She is n't . The problem is the content . After reading the first 90 pages , I put the book down , finally admitting to myself that I really did n't care what Ms. Powell thought or opined about anything . I was finding her blog-turned-book to be just one more rant from a neurotic New Yorker , a genre for which my tolerance peaked several years ago . It was never that high to begin with.Unfortunately , a friend had given me the book , thinking I 'd enjoy it because of my fondness for Julia Child . Maybe that contributed to my reaction to the author . Juxtaposing herself with Julia Child invites one to think about issues of character , style and substance . On all those measures , Ms. Powell suffers.My recommendation
 I enjoyed the movie and was thinking of getting a copy of this book as a gift for my sister . I 'm glad that I read it at the library first . The book is nothing at all like the movie.What made the movie work is that it was mostly the chronicle of Julia Child 's rise to success . The book , however , is Julie Powell 's whiny stream-of-thought rant about life in general , in which she fixates on a `` project '' of compulsively cooking her way through `` Mastering the Art of French Cooking '' in one year.The book is laced with continuous vulgarity , profanity , and paragraph-long sentences , and goes into disgusting detail about various bodily fluids , plugged sinks and sewage , filth , cat hair-encrusted grime , sexual references , etc. . I 'm surprised that no one got violently sick eating anything that was cooked under such conditions . I 'm not surprised when , toward the end of the book , it 's revealed that the kitchen is crawling with a hidden nest of maggots . Whenever life gets hard , Julie always has a few f-bombs to throw around , heavily laced with drinking and bitching , and navel-gazing self-centered ruminations.About the only benefit of reading this book that it solved the mystery in the movie of why Julia Child disapproved of the apparent `` honor '' of being associated with such a person . Julia Child had far too much class to be associated with anything so crude and vulgar . In this book , you wo n't learn anything about her that you did n't already see in the movie , the book has maybe a dozen pages with brief vignettes about her early years with Paul . Julie Powell 's `` mentor '' is a figment of her own imagination , and in her self-centered world , that 's good enough.I see that the next book is going to be about Julie working in a butcher shop . The sample chapter included describes how Julie attempts to wait on a customer , with blood-begrimed hands and clothing , and how she finds it amusing when the customer objects . This is just another example of the crud that readers endure in the first book . I think I 'll pass .
 As a librarian , I usually do n't buy books , but I was so excited about this one , I bought it when it first came out . Sad to say that I could n't even finish it . I was hoping for more insight on Julia Child -- more on the recipes -- more on the food . What I got instead was a lot of unrelated , self-focused rambling about a New Yorker 's life -LRB- and her friends -RRB- . Perhaps it has been mis-marketed . I have a sense of humor , but I did n't get into the sitcom-style whining about 30-something life . I felt as though I was wading through the mire of her life just to get to any good parts -LRB- and some of us cook in far worse kitchens -- get over it ! -RRB- . I sorely missed the recipes and the passion for good food .
 I bought this book expecting to read about a city-dwelling girl approaching thirty who finds some solace , perhaps even some direction , in a project where she dares to cook all the recipes in Julia Child 's classic culinary text in one year . While I 've been disheartened with the overwhelming crop of boring memoirs based on a simple , NPR-ish premise -LRB- `` All my Life for Sale '' for instance -RRB- , to this book , I thought I could relate . I was wrong . My first clue should have been in the bookstore , when I flipped to a few `` sample '' pages and found the text unrelated to food , or even the Julia project . As I started reading , I found this crawling memoir focuses on the mundane daily details of the life of an uninsightful 29-year-old who just happens to try this weird blog thing her husband puts her up to -LRB- which eventually leads to this book -RRB- . When Julie has trouble poaching an egg in wine , missing are any details related to the food itself -LRB- did she spin the wine ? use vinegar ? what utencil did she use to remove the egg ? -RRB- . Rather , what the reader gets is an account of Julie 's freakout , and how her husband came to comfort her -LRB- complete with details on the comforting thing he said , and how that comforting thing originally came from a movie -RRB- . After the first few chapters I found myself skipping these parts , then found that most of the book is about Julie 's typical little life . She does not learn anything or grow from the project -LRB- other than getting a book deal - how 's that for life direction ? -RRB- , nor is the project ever really explained in detail . I kept wondering , `` What order is she going in , if any ? '' `` How far along is she ? '' Bits of Child 's early biography is interspersed , but always followed by an annoying comparison -LRB- or contrast , rather -RRB- to Powell 's own bio
 As a writer and a blogger , I expected this story to be so much more . It was not at all about Julia Child . Julie was no working class girl if she was raised in a home with Mastering the Art of French Cooking in the kitchen . She 'd been around the block a few times.Julie did use the word f *** too much . It stopped being funny on about page 10 . Her references to September 11 was tasteless even if they did revolve around her job as a secretary . Plus the writing in general was terrible . Julia Child should have been pissed at her . This story was tasteless.Linda C WrightAuthorOne Clown Short
 The concept sounded so great
 How do you take an idea with so much promise and turn it into an excruciating read ? You allow someone like Julie Powell to write about it , that 's how . Never in my entire life have I found the narrator of a book more irritating than I did Powell . More a filthy-mouthed diatribe of her whiney ways than the entertaining cookalogue it should have been , had Julia Child lived to read `` Julie & Julia , '' undoubtedly she would have deemed it just as disrespectful and non-serious as she did Julie and her `` project . '' I wanted to like this book ; I really did . In the end , however , it 's nothing more than something Powell claims to have regularly on subway platforms
 My best friend and I have very similar tastes
 I read this for a book club this summer and was immediately assailed by the profanity and the sexual comments . Somewhere this woman got stuck in adolescent sex dreams ! Thought it would be more comedic in nature . Ms. Powell has a knack with words and especially descriptive passages but she wallows in self-indulgence way too much . Reads like a Valley girl novel - all about me !!!!!!! UGH ! Do n't waste your time unless you like self-indulgent , self-important bloggers who think their thoughts and their lives are the most important thing on the planet . I pray this lady got some perspective . Got to give it to her ... it was a great idea for a book and a project . Too bad she sullied up a great idea with alot of sludge .
 The Julie character was not likeable , making the book not enjoyable nor compelling . The movie is better only because of the emphasis on Julia Child .
 This is the worst book I have read in the past five years -- and I have read a number . The author is an egocentric potty mouth with little feel for cooking . However , if you are interested in her sex life and poor housekeeping , you may enjoy it . Instead of buying this book , make a donation to the Food Gatherers or some other charitable group .
 If this book had been the movie I saw , I would have walked out of the theatre . It made me sick to my stomach hearing the condition of her kitchen , her political rants and her seemingly heartless discription of the people who lost loved ones after 911 .
 I anticipated enjoying this book because the concept was unique and interesting . However , the writing is terrible and the author very immature . Do yourself a favor and do n't bother with this book .
 This is a complete waste of time and money . This could 've been such a good book but unfortunately it was ruined by all of the foul and offensive language .
 WHY DID SHE FEEL THE NEED TO KNOCK REPUBLICANS AT EVERY TURN ? A REAL SIGN OF LOW INTELLIGENCE . SPOILED BOOK COMPLETELY . SHE IS VERY OPINIONATED IN ALL HER THOUGHTS AND FILTHY TALK TO BOOT ... THINKS SHE IS SOPHISTICATED ... BAH.BAD BOOK .
 fun book to read . i imagine that powell writes exactly as she speaks , which i love in a writer . however , i wish she would have kept her constant comments about her political affiliations to a minimum . why did we have to read every other page that she hates republicans . ? . ? . once was enough ... we get it ! i was expecting a light read about a woman having fun cooking a legends food and almost quit reading when i had to stomach her constant assault of the grand ol' party . democrat or republican -LRB- or as julie powell would say `` pure evil '' -RRB- , who wants to read about someone 's politics in a supposed book about a cooking journey ?
 This book has nothing to teach aspiring foodies about how to cook . The constant references to her sex life and that of her friends is very tiresome , as is the quantity of cuss words , essentially on every page .
 This book would have been ten times better -LRB- and half as long -RRB- if she had stuck to her cooking experiences . I could completely do without her foul mouth and her completely unrelated rantings about politics and sex . This book had great potential , but does n't deliver . I fervently hope the movie version takes out the garbage and only keeps the good stuff .
 full disclosure
 At first when I saw some negative reviews for this book I thought it was just sour grapss . Would n't every blogger want their brilliant ramblings transformed into a book?I love food memoirs , and this one has such an intriguing premise . But I found the writing flat , and there seems to be so much griping and whining about her husband , parents , friends , and the loft where she lives -LRB- which is constantly and annoyingly put into quotations , as `` the loft . `` The narrative rambles , gasps , and coughs . After about 120 page this just went nowhere for me and it was too painful and boring to pick the book up again after setting it down . I give up .
 If you have not seen the movie take my advice . See the movie and throw out the book . I have read about four chapters of this book and it is slow and whiny . I now understand why Julia Child did not like this author 's blog . FIND A BETTER WAY TO EXPRESS YOURSELF OTHER THAN WITH EXPLETIVES ! Good grief , her use of the four letter word is exhausting . That smacks of dullness of mind . She had a great premise and ruined it by her continual use of profanity and whining . A very disappointing book . This is the first time I have ever chosen a movie over the book . The movie is witty and clever and makes you feel happy . Not this book . If you are looking for a good beach book to read , leave this book in the sand .
 If you like Republican bashing then this book is for you . Whatever happened to the days when people kept their political opinions to themselves . You 've lost half of your audience . Your ratings speak for themselves.Being a foodie I was hoping to be inspired . The only morsel I got out of this book was that Julia Child has a recipe for a garlic sauce . I will now confiscate my mother 's copy of Mtafc .
 Interesting idea , funny moments , and the author seems like a nice enough person -- However , about the third time I got to a gratuitous insult of Republicans , I put it down . Why is this okay ? Apparently , just anybody 's political opinions and beliefs are n't worthy of respect , only Democrats ' . How incredibly liberal and tolerant ! Lesson learned , and wo n't be purchasing any more of Julie 's words .
 Seriously . This book was a waste of my time and money . The writer tries to be too witty and `` cute '' and ends up being vapid and tasteless .
 Thinking this would be fascinating read based on premise of cooking through Julia Child 's French cookbook sent me into this with hope . Quickly let down when one finds more pages about sex , politics and friends , then about cooking . To some this is better than gourmet cooking experiences.For example , what a neat entry it might have been to describe more the innovative spit arrangement she came up with which does n't get much more than small paragraph compared to page after page rambling about her friends ' love lives and political spewing about memorial opinions.Reichl 's book `` Comfort Me with Apples '' does n't even come close to this discomfort , yet she describes sex life and life situations more discreetly and in better prose than sprinkling the f *** 's and apparent disinterest really in gaining cooking acumen . Ruhlman 's book on making and soul of chef are clear , poignant examples of more of what I was attracted to this title and supposed storyline . If told what this review points out are the emphases , would not have read . So be warned . Any wonder Julia comments so ?
 I bought this book because I 've watched and admired Julia Child for over 40 years and thought that it would be about the trials and triumphs of cooking each recipe . I was wrong and regret that I bought it.Instead it is more about herself , her family and friends . Cooking is a secondary subject . I am disgusted by her crass remarks about the secretarial profession and Republicans . She critizes her husband when he has severe headaches and has no compassion for him whatsoever.This book IS N'T funny or entertaining . DO NOT BUY THIS BOOK !
 Why would you want to read a book about Julia Child and her recipes and find that the author spends a majority of the book whining ? This was a book that I was looking forward to reading SO much and that I was extremely disappointed to try to read and discover how badly written it was . The author whined and bitched and cooked recipes from Julia Child 's first cookbook but did n't even provide interesting stories about the cooking . She also worked with 9/11 survivors and spoke about them with such disdain that I did not finish the book and will not read anything else she writes . The potential was there for a clever book and the subtitle showed promise but the actual reading could not have been more disappointing . I 'm surprised that this book found a publisher as Julia Child would not have wanted her recipes discussed by such a poor author and with such lack of style . Julia Child was one classy and innovative woman , this author has nothing innovative about her and seems to have needed an outlet for her complaining .
 I had a very hard time trying to read this book . I only believe that I kept reading as far as I did because I kept thinking it would get better . WRONG ! How this was published I have no idea . It could n't have made money . Not much at any rate . I 'm so happy that I saw the movie BEFORE I bought the book . The movie was the reason I did in fact buy the book , in most cases books are better than the movies because of more detail etc. . This was not the case for this book and movie.Movie -- Very Good . Book -- Terrible.I 'm glad I only wasted .01 plus shipping on it . I was SOOOOO disappointed.Julie really ca n't write . It was `` Jumbled Words '' with a lot of truck driver F-words floating around . I 'm not certain how a publisher could take this pile of words and print it . Maybe a real writer should have written the book for her as did someone write the screenplay for the movie.I have been trying for nearly years to find an agent to get my work published and what I write is better than this book , I keep writing and hoping , and this -- it was like a knife in my side that this was put to print.This should have been left as a blog ... and a movie ----- PERIOD.It was NOT GOOD AT ALL.DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY.From Shea O'Neal -- A Texas Resident.Beneath the Arizona MoonI 've Always RememberedIt 's Never Too Late For LoveYou 're A Good ManAnd there are 7 more in the Kindle Store.Blupper -- I hit publish and a Jade O'Neal comes on the top of this comment -- I have no idea who that is . I could n't get rid of it . Sorry .
 I bought my book from a monthly book club a few months ago . Three nights ago I finally opened the book . Yikes.Usually I can finish a good book in less than 5 days . However , I finally had to close the book today at page 95 . I will give the Author one more try and TRY to finish her book . It just may take me until Christmas.These are 3 things I did not like , so far :1
 Julie and Julia
 I loved the movie so I bought the book hoping to read more about Julie 's adventure to prepare all of Julia Child 's recipes . I did n't detect reverence , respect , or even understanding for what Julia accomplished which to me was the underpinning of the movie ; in fact Julie 's cooking quest seemed like more of an afterthought . I finally gave up and put the book down after about 100 pages ...
 Very bad nasty language and sex take over this book . This is an insult to Julia Child and French cooking . The author 's 15 minutes of fame are over . Purchase a Julia Child cookbook for inspiration .
 I saw `` Julie & Julia '' about 2 years ago and it sparked my interest in Julia Child and learning more about cooking . A couple weeks ago I scored a cheap brand new copy of MtAoFC and I also picked up Child 's autobiography , the collection of the correspondence between her and Avis deVoto , as well as Julie Powell 's actual book.I read the autobiography first and was absolutely enchanted . Then I moved on to Powell 's book.Wow.Another Amazon reviewer put it PERFECTLY when she titled her review , `` Charming Movie , Ugly Book . '' I 'm not kidding . The movie is SOOOOOOOOO much better than the book because you actually kind of LIKE Julie in the film . After reading the book , I could n't agree more with Judith Jones when she said that she and Child regarded Powell 's blog as `` a stunt '' and her `` writing '' lacked substance regarding her task . She RARELY describes what she learns and how it tasted . The whole bloody thing is 200 + pages of her whining , flipping out , and acting like an immature brat.I was absolutely horrified that she actually wrote about breaking the dish containing a posh dessert that she was taking to share with her office dominated by `` Republican bureaucrats . '' She openly admits to leaving it on the counter with a note inviting coworkers to help themselves , while making sure to go warn the `` 6 other Democrats '' in the office not to have any for fear of broken crockery in their food . I rarely have moments of wide-eyed , mouth-hanging-open-in-shock when I read a book but this took the cake . All I could think was , REALLY ?! YOU ACTUALLY DID THIS ?! What kind of a sociopath ARE YOU ?! Look , I 'm a liberal myself and regularly debate with my fellow conservative friends , but I would NEVER in a million years even CONSIDER serving food to anyone that could potentially hurt them simply because I disagree with their political views.It only got worse when she described a temper tantrum she threw when a batch of mayonnaise did n't turn out . I can sympathize with losing your cool and violently flinging a bowl or a whisk into the sink and slamming a few cooking utensils down on counters . Honestly , who HAS N'T done this at some point when their culinary skills are being tested beyond their limits . But screaming , sobbing and literally throwing tools and dishes about the kitchen , like an unrestrained 4 year old , making an even bigger mess , At age 30 ? I seriously began to wonder if this woman might need a year of professional therapy and possible medication rather than a self imposed cooking project.Somehow , I slogged through the trenches of this woman 's hysteria and finished the book . Usually , I always feel a slight twinge of melancholy after completing a story and knowing that there will be no more to enjoy . With Powell 's narrative , I just felt relieved that my journey into the mind of an overindulged woman-child of dubious sanity was over . In fact , I had more questions than answers the chief of which being WHY did her husband stay with her this long?While I 'm pleased that the blog and film brought Child and her story and cookbook back into public awareness and introduced her to a new generation that might otherwise have never known about her , It grates on me that the vehicle for this were the ravings of a spoiled harpy .
 Honestly , I expected a lot more from this book . I waited a very long time for it to be available for my kindle because I absolutely loved the movie , so I felt like I absolutely had to read the book , which is easier said than done . While the movie is really fun and entertaining , the book is ... well , the complete opposite . I was very disappointed with it for various reasons , the number one being it is not focused on the Julie/Julia Project at all , which is what I though it would be . Julie tells the story of her life in general mentioning food every now and then , being REALLY narcissistic and annoying while doing it . She talks about trivial things that you would not expect to find in the book if you 've watched the movie -LRB- i.e. her couch , reading her father 's french sex book and and play tickets gone to waste because of her car having to be towed , among others -RRB- . I never leave a book unfinished , but with this one I felt like I had to , otherwise I might actually die of reading Julie complain about her life so much -LRB- I only read three chapters , btw -RRB- . Honestly , if you want a good read and value your time and money , do yourself a favor and read something else .
 I was very unimpressed by this book . In this case , the movie WAS so much better . The language and subjects talked about in the book were very offensive . The only reason I finished the book was because I payed ten dollars for it and I was past the two-week return date .
 If there is a rotten egg rating , this one is it . A self-absorbed writer who can not cook decent meals blabbering on how marriage-worthy she is than Julia Child , thinking this is a good joke ; well , if you think you have a sick sense of humor , read on . I had to let it ricochet to the trash bin by the first third of the book . This book does belong to the trash .
 Everything that is bad about this book -LRB- and there is a lot -RRB- has been written . Read through the 1 star reviews . Unfortunately , there is n't enough good to recommend it .
 I 've been an avid reader since childhood and I can count on one hand the times I have n't finished a book . This one falls into that category . I love cooking and Julia Child so I was looking forward to reading this . Despite the overuse of profanity , the endorsement of destructive behavior -LRB- encouraging friends in adulterous affairs -RRB- and the incessant bashing of `` evil '' Republicans , I pushed on . I 'm 3/4 of the way through the book and I 'm done . I just ca n't take anymore ! I usually read Amazon reviews before spending money on a book but on impulse picked this up at B&N . Lesson learned ! SO glad I did n't waste money on a movie ticket !
 I was really disappointed with this book . I loved My Life in France . I laughed throughout the movie version of Julie & Julia . But if I had read the book Julie & Julia before going to the movie , I would never have gone to see the movie . Julie Powell is n't funny . She does n't make you want to try any of Julia Child 's recipes . I 'm no prude , but using profanity all the time just is n't funny . When I read a biography or autobiography , I usually want to meet the person . I never want to meet Julia Powell .
 what aan awful read . fortunately i saw the movie before i read the book . Had i read the book first , i would have skipped the flick . julie powell is a whiner , probably a semi lush , and the kind of good friend you would n't want . Her worst offense , however , is that she is totally boring and that is the best description of the book . did n't read it past half way ... I had kindled it it or else i would have tried for a refund .
 Julie and Julia is probably the most disappointing book I have ever attempted to read . I got to page 81 and gave up , something I rarely do . I like to finish what I start ! Julie Powell does nothing but complain . She seems to totally lack a personality , while her poor husband Eric has to put up with her nonstop foul moods . In the pages that I read , there is very little actual cooking being done . She mostly talks about her crappy job , moving , her crappy apartment , commuting , a visit with her parents and brother , and going to the doctor . I expected this to be about each recipe she mastered , but it 's not . Read My Life in France by Julia Child and Alex Prud ` homme instead . Very satisfying indeed !
 Julie Powell is a fraud and a narcissistic , foul mouthed , constantly whining , disgustingly hateful one at that . There was not enough time in the day for her to have held down a full time job , as dead ended as it was , to have pounded out on her computer 's keyboard a daily blog , as self-centered as it was , and to have slopped her way through the preparation of an evening meal , much less to have conquered from cover to cover every nuance of Julia Child 's brilliantly written Mastering the Art of French Cooking . But let 's assume for a moment that one of the maggots that she tells us inhabited her kitchen , morphed into a talented sous-chef and took over the cooking chores , leaving Ms. Powell free to soak herself in her beloved nightly vodka . That still would not have left her with sufficient time to shop for all the necessary ingredients called for by Julia 's recipes . And how in the world did she pay for them , given the meager income about which she whines and whines ? And from whence came the money to buy all the pots and pans , a food processor , and other culinary accoutrements , necessary to accomplish her ridiculously conceived and poorly undertaken goal of trying to emulate the great Julia Child ? The entire scheme is a farce . If you are enthralled by someone using the F word over and over and over , ad infinitum , in referring to everyone and everything that irritates her , and in this book that includes everything from her job , to her husband , to her apartment , to her friends , whom she reviles , to every Republican she has ever met or heard of , to the victims of September 11 , then this is your book . Otherwise , save your time and money and avoid this garbage .
 This is one of the few books I have not and will not finish . I had such high hopes for this book . I forced myself to keep reading thinking at some point it might actually improve . Who is she writing this book for ? It surely ca n't be for people who actually know who Julia Child is . Ms. Powell writes like a spoiled , foul-mouthed 19 year old who could care less about Julia Child or her cooking . Her repeated and irrelevant political comments , her lack of compassion for the 9-11 families , her incessant and inane daily mental breakdowns ... and very little about cooking ... made me realize that if she can get published ... anyone can get published . This is a terrible book . As I did not finish the book , I can only hope that Ms. Powell did not quit her day job .
 I bought this book on a whim . Based on the cover and previews of the movie I thought it would be light hearted and fun to read , much to my disappointment , it was not . Maybe if Julie was n't so uncaring about using the F word and other foul language I 'd have liked the book , but no , even then I would have disliked this book because Julie made so many mean natured digs about her job , other people and things in general that I did n't like her . To enjoy this kind of book , I needed to like her , and I did not , she came across as self-centered and immature.I wanted to like the book , but I did n't , it was about too much else , her job , her friends , her family , her attitude in general about things , maybe if it had focused only on the cooking and dinners I would have enjoyed it more , but , no , even then I would have disliked the book because it was not funny , it was boring . The only parts of the book I enjoyed were the parts about Paul and Julia Child -LRB- some people have said the same thing about the movie too -RRB- . This book was boring , it had unneeded profanity , and for those and other reasons , I , like many others , did n't finish it , I stopped reading it halfway and got rid of it .
 I found this book to be simply unreadable . Too much trite dialogue and a very unlikable , whiny author . I muddled through to page 87 and had to put it down . If you 're interested in Julia Child , I highly recommend My Life in France by Julia Child -- excellent !
 This book was revolting . The author , Julie , is revolting . She is so far beyond whiny and self-absorbed that she appears to have some kind of personality disorder . The examples are rampant . She lacks empathy for her husband , her mother , the 911 victim 's families , a pinioned lobster struggling to escape -LRB- she giggles at it flailing around on her cutting board -RRB- . What kind of person would set out food for co-workers knowing there may be shards of glass/antifreeze in it ? She 's crying and hysterical on an almost daily basis or laughing inappropriately . She cooks meals for other people in an apartment she describes in the most disgusting of terms ; sludge backing up out of the pipes , cat hair stuck to everything , days of dirty dishes piled in the sink . The place is so filthy that a colony of maggots is breeding under her drain board . Beyond disgusting.The title leads one to believe this is supposed to be about food/cooking in some way . The actual cooking part -LRB- the `` project '' -RRB- , when she bothers to mention it , is so haphazardly portrayed that one comes away with impression that she is n't really trying to learn how to cook at all . Cooking seems besides the point . She is n't gaining anything either insightful or educational from the experience . Rather , she 's using the `` project '' as a way to legitimize and aggrandize her appalling behavior . At the end of the book she 's a gloating , narcissistic twit , no different than how she started.I can only hope that she was wildly exaggerating all of it in some misguided attempt to be funny . If she was n't , she really needs to get help . FYI - the character of Julie portrayed in the movie is nothing like the author . Ephron created an idealized version of this mess of book . The movie is charming . The book is repulsive .
 If you are thinking that this book will be as charming as the movie think again ! I read about 70 pages and gave up which I normally do not do . Julie Powell disappoints on every page . She manages to drop the `` F Bomb '' frequently and get a few digs in on the Republicans both of which did not add to the book . Julie , if you are reading this , you owe me $ 8.00 !
 I love the premise and was so excited to read this book . My excitement quickly diminished . The author is so unlikable - she comes off as whiny , annoying , and at times just plain mean and unpleasant . In fact , I ca n't really think of any time in the book where she was positive , happy , or kind . Also , if you happen to be Republican watch out ! She treats that as if you 're the Devil himself . Her friends are entirely unlikable as well . In fact , the only likable person is her poor husband.There is also very little detail when it comes to the recipes . She loosely describes the ingredients and techniques -LRB- which is fine , I 'm not expecting a cookbook -RRB- but then after you read through it all she says `` It was good . '' or `` It was delicious . '' That 's it ! It did not encourage me to buy the cookbook or even try any of the recipes.The writing style is also not for me . It 's very stream of consciousness and the disjointedness shows , I found myself getting annoyed at her random thoughts and stories that go no where . Then to top it off there are so many editing mistakes I wondered if anyone read it before publishing it!So to sum it up
 I purchased `` Julie and Julia '' with great anticipation after reading a positive review in a national magazine . The book is based on a terrific premise - author Julie Powell decided to tackle in one year all 524 recipes from Julia Child 's seminal 1960s cookbook , `` Mastering the Art of French Cooking , Volume 1 . '' At the time , Powell was a temp secretary , and she initiated her `` project '' as a blog before Little , Brown came knocking . I really enjoy non-fiction about cooking and food . However , what I expected to be an homage to Julia Child turns out to be something else entirely . Really , the premise turns out to be nothing more than a gimmick . In essence , this book is not about Julia Child or even about cooking . It 's simply a jokey memoir - the author 's musings about her very average life during that year . In the end , `` Julie and Julia '' is an expanded blog by an amateur writer.I approached this book imagining Powell as a talented cook trying to perfect her craft through Julia 's cookbook . However , Powell apparently has no formal training ; as a result , she often botches the recipes . That 's not really a problem , because Powell probably spends as much time talking about her friends as she does about cooking . The times when she does discuss making the recipes end in one of two scenarios , 1 -RRB- Powell and/or her husband somewhat grudgingly admits that the food tastes good or 2 -RRB- Powell becomes hysterical , throws objects , or screams at her husband because the recipe is difficult . At one point , Powell even calls Julia Child a foul name because she can not get a recipe to work . Not funny . I do n't think that she needed to approach her `` project '' as a deadly serious endeavor ; Julia Child certainly had a sense of humor . However , hearing her rant and rave is tiresome.It 's rare for me to finish a book and feel hostility toward the author . However , Powell essentially has commandeered the good will people have toward Julia Child and used it to justify this book , which really is just a memoir . In addition , it 's a rather bad memoir because Powell does not have an interesting life . Powell tries to frame her project as an attempt to find her life 's path . If she grew at all , then it 's in a way not reflected in this book.The blog probably was very enjoyable ; however , a blog does not a book make . The next time I 'm tempted to buy a book of this sort , I 'll remember this bitter lesson . If you have a burning desire to read the ramblings of a somewhat hysterical New York secretary , then this book is for you . Otherwise , I can not think of any reason to recommend it . Apparently , before her death , Julia Child heard about the author 's `` project . '' A journalist asked Julia for comment , and she refrained , noting that the author was not serious . As always , Julia was spot on ; even in her nineties , she could tell the real deal .
 I am an avid bookworm , chef-in-training , and a huge fan of Julia Child . I have never been one to see a movie and then not read the book so when I borrowed a friend 's copy of `` Julie & Julia '' I was excited . The movie had been so fabulous and my experience has taught me to think that the book is usually even better ... and boy , was I wrong!There is so little about Julia and about food in this book , it bothers me that it is marketed as such . I am appalled Julia Child 's name even appears in this waste of prose honestly , and I can usually find something redeeming in everything I read . The author complains about cooking more than she seems to enjoy it . She spends much more time writing about odd friends with weird sex lives -LRB- or her lack thereof -RRB- and using an obscene amount of curse words that there is no time to appreciate what Julia did for the culinary world . `` Mastering the Art of French Cooking '' is seen by Powell as a torture manual instead of the accessible , liberating cookbook it has been for Ameican cooks . The tone is nasty and self-righteous and demoralizing . People probably want to cook less after reading this book , which is not what you 'd expect from a supposed cooking memoir.All in all
 This was probably the worst book I have ever read . It was the best idea , in the wrong person 's hands . All Julie Powell did was complain , and whine . This book is not for foodies , because there was not enough mention of food . It was bascially a book about her political views -LRB- which were too strongly voiced -RRB- , and her insensitivity about her job -LRB- talking to 9/11 victims families only one year after it happened -RRB- . Poorly written and very disappointing .
 Even though I was looking forward to reading this book , I was disappointed . Julie Powell is a terrible writer . She seems to have a boring relationship with her husband , an unsatisfactory sex-life , and a quite bitchy attitude . This would have made for interesting reading if well written . Powell should have stayed writing blogs , since her style does not translate well to books .
 Some people move to New York because they think it 's an interesting place , then they begin to think that they themselves are interesting because they live in New York.There are a lot of books written by such people . Avoid them . Avoid this one , which is about a uninteresting woman who hitches her wagon to Julia Child 's accomplishments and manages to get a book and movie deal out of it .
 I saw the movie first , and loved it . Since , it usually follows that the book is better , my book club picked `` Julie and Julia ... '' as our book for this month . I hated it . Julie Powell is terribly unpleasant , self-absorbed and vulgar . In the movie , Julia Child indicates that she 's not too crazy about Julie ... Now I understand . Read `` My life in France '' by Julia Child instead .
 I can count on one hand , maybe two of books that I could n't finish reading . I can pretty much plod through most books but this one takes the cake . They made a movie out of this ? I ca n't believe they even published this book ... really.The book is poorly written and there 's no humor in it . I would n't be at all surprised if her husband dumped her ... the way she writes about him is not very flattering . Her new loft sounds horrible and while I am no stranger to cussing , this author is very foul-mouthed . I know she 's trying to be funny but it did n't work . And where is the editor for this book?I picked this book up for fifty cents at a local hospital gift shop because I had heard so much about it and how many of my friends just rave about it . I got through 75 pages of it before the flu struck our house and I gave it up . It is a major disappointment since I do n't know anything about Julia Childs and was expecting more of the experiment that Julie Powell was conducting with different recipes , more on Julia Childs and etc. . This book did absolutely nothing for me and I love to cook and bake . Not only that , the author did nothing but whine about her job -LRB- which if she hated it so much , then quit ! There are millions of unemployed people in this country who would LOVE to have a job ! -RRB- and about her husband , her friends and their sex lives ... and her cooking experiments . Whose idea was it to encourage this blogger that she is a writer ? I 've read better bloggers than her ... So is this book disappointing ? You bet it is . I can not believe how disappointed I am to find out that this book is written so poorly . I might still watch the movie since it stars my favorite actress ... but after trying to read this book , I do n't have much hopes for the movie either .11 / 18/09
 Can I give this a Zero star ? I thought it was going to be a light hearted book about cooking and blogging . It was dark and I think some things were meant to be witty but fell short . NOW there is a Movie about this book and I can honestly say that I hope that the movie is better than this book . It had lots of mistakes and then it seemed to me that the author was all over the place . Sometimes you just sort of want to throw the book at the wall or then you just sit there and think WOW she actually got a book deal and a movie deal out this . ONLY in AMERICA ! Thumbs down and a zero star . Why did I really buy this book ? I got it on clearance for 1.99 and the cover looked great and the back of the book really lead me to beleive that this was going to be a very intresting read . AGAIN NOT the case !
 I picked this book up with an expectation of a fun memoir read . The premise was unique ... cooking all 524 recipes from Julia Child 's Art of French Cooking . I expected a fun romp of cooking mishaps , triumphant cuisines , interesting tales of kitchen disasters and enjoyments but instead it was nothing but a misguided attempt at a so-called memoir . Very , very disappointing .
 I 'm not sure if there are any couples as repulsive and dingy as Julie and her husband , but if there are , I hope never to meet them . The idea of living in the squalor and filth proudly described by an ostensibly middle class pair was stomach-turning . When the author revealed that she was trying to create a year 's worth of dinners from Julia Child 's classic , but somewhat arcane recipes from `` Mastering the Art of French Cooking , '' the reader gasps at the idea of anyone eating anything that Julie and her husband would touch . By her own admission , she and her husband smell bad , maintain terrible personal hygiene , never clean their apartment , have cat hair dusting all surfaces of the greasy , foul , hole of their kitchen , have maggots all over their drainboard and sink , and routinely have sewage back-ups all over their bathrooms . Julie leads the reader on a culinary nightmare . That Julie 's quest to cook all of Child 's recipes is an insipid idea , let alone the saving lynchpin of her life and marriage is just pathetic . The recounting of the experience is just sick-making . If you have a strong stomach , a high tolerance for foul language -LRB- I do n't think the author is articulate enough to communicate any other way -RRB- and an interest in the macabre , this book may be for you , but I doubt it .
 If I had paid for this book , I would want my money back . I read over a third of it , hoping it would get better . It did n't . Thank god Julia never read it . Give me interesting food authors like Ruth Reichel , MFK Fisher , or Joan Reardon . This was contrived trash calculated to trade on Julia Child 's huge -LRB- and genuine -RRB- appeal .
 Getting past the politics was easy , but do you really need to use the f-word -LRB- constantly -RRB- in a book about Julia Childs ? No passion for cooking , just vile language and classless references to her sex life . Her lack of compassion for her clients -LRB- families of 911 victims -RRB- is sad and troubling . Do n't support this one .
 I sort of OD ` ed on this . First I thoroughly enjoyed reading Julia Child 's My Life in France . Despite Child 's own confessions of arrogance and hostility , I willingly went to Julie and Julia , the movie , and enjoyed it , too . Then a friend gave me the book Julie and Julia , and I decided that it would n't hurt me to read it . Big waste of time.At one point I thought I had left it on an airplane , and when my husband urged me to talk my way back onboard , I waved him off saying that the book was n't worth it . But it appeared in my carry-on after all.So , I finished the book . I give it a solid `` C '' . Here 's my lingering question
 I have to say for the first time in my life the movie is way better than the book , it is totally disjointed and full of unnecesary profanity . The author comes across as very immature and a total whiner . Do n't bother buying it , the movie is much more enjoyable .
 Julia Child , at age 91 , lived at Casa Dorinda in Montecito . She opined to a reporter that she did not much appreciate immature Julie Powell 's precious writing project of crash cooking in one year all 524 recipes in Child 's `` Mastering the Art of French Cooking '' . Not serious . Not professional . Disrespectful . Since Julia at that time before she died had sixty more years of wisdom under her belt than Julie , I 'll go with Child . Powell 's writing style is technically adequate . But it 's so full of snotty Julie , Julie , Julie . Her story can be amusing at times , but her incredibly foul mouth obliterates the humor.I will reserve any higher a rating on this trashy tale until I try Powell 's attempt at a recipe on page 220 for Foie de Veau ala Moutarde.That 's calves ` liver . Mustard version . Powell insists it 's unctuous , rich , a silky soul . If she can get the public to eat offal , she may deserve some small recognition beyond her bloggers.Update : I tried Powell 's liver recipe . Plain liver and onions are better . Powell 's book still is poor . But , wow , of all things , the movie that came out based on her book is wonderful . Clearly , the screenwriter and directors understood what audiences really wanted to see and hear , and that was Julia Child . Skip the book . See the movie . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 i hated it . this is the first book in decades that i just couldnt finish ... blhhhh
 I was given this to read after some family enjoyed it . I was appalled , though . I just finished the book -LRB- kinda felt that I had to after having it given to me to read -RRB- . Why this is not a good book : a . It is entirely self-absorbed . Which I get , Americans like to be voyeurs . But not when someone is this boring.b . I did not empathize or even sympathize with Julie Powell in the least . She said she moved to NY to act , never even went to any auditions , and yet she COMPLAINS about being a temp . Yet she continues to talk about how she cam to NY to act . I can not stand to hear someone whining about their circumstance when they have done absolutely nothing to change it.c . This woman BOASTS about how horrible her housekeeping skills are and is not surprised when she finds maggots in her kitchen . And this book is supposed to be about cooking !! It is too painful to read about these kinds of living conditions . This is not the third world , she should be able to take care of her living area well enough so as to not have it be a breeding ground for maggots.d . She complains about being fat constantly , and then makes steaks prepared with a half pound of butter . Every night.e . I love to cook . But this food is absolutely disgusting . Steak sauce made from bone marrow ? Aspic ? If you like food , you should not be reading this book.f . I feel that this book promotes a high-fat , meat-intensive diet . This kind of eating is in no way healthy . Vegetarians and vegans are often put down in the book because the author is too gluttonous to understand why anyone would not need to eat like she does . Obesity is a serious issue in this country . The fact that Julie Powell is condoning this kind of food is really pretty scary . Perhaps if she had written about becoming a vegan in the course of a year and the wonderful foods she ate and changes in her body , this would be a bit more of an inspiration . As it is , it is a painful reminder of the problems with the American diet and mentality around food . I 'd like to hear Mimi Roth 's opinion here.I just do n't really see what there is to like . I do n't think this woman is funny , but I know that I 'm supposed to . I just find her to be despicable . I do n't want to hear her complain about how her life sucks when she is not doing anything to change it . No , I do n't consider cooking your way through a cookbook to be changing it . That could be a fun project and a good way to learn to cook , but I 'm sorry , it does not constitute doing something about your life . Community service might have been a more constructive pastime . If she had blogged about that , I might like her more . But as is , she just comes off as a lazy , apathetic slacker who likes to whine about what she does n't have .
 You can still read Powell 's original blog out there on the internet ... and it is not the jolly Bridget-Jones-esque diary that they are making it out to be . She is a hate-filled New York liberal woman who hates her government job , her Republican co-workers , George W , and basically anything religious -LRB- calling them crazies at every opportunity -RRB- . How gleefully Meryl Streep must have read this diatribe . If ONLY the cooking elements had been on Powell 's mind it would have been entertaining IF you do not mind the multiple f-bombs . Why is it that liberals can not restrain themselves from jabbing at every turn ? They ca n't stay on topic , like some kind of perverse Adult ADHD . Skip the book , skip the movie , do n't reward hate-speech .
 the soup they made might have been good , but the book sucked . who does she think she is trying to make all those recipes from julia child 's cookbook . this book was totally and completely meaningless . julie powell should n't have even bothered writing such a terrible book . it almost made me throw up after the first couple of pages . actually , i think i did
 Despite mentioning both Julia Child and recipes in the title , this is definitely neither a cookbook nor a useful companion to Ms. Child 's masterpiece . If you want to read page after page of small print , it may be marvelous , but I was expecting a useful , practical companion to Child 's cookbook , and it very definitely was n't that .
 I first picked up this book because I am a lifelong fan of Julia Child , and I thought this book would be a nice easy read for the summer . Unfortunately , Julie Powell feels the need to drown the reader in every tiny aspect of her life . It drones on and on chapter after chapter proving that she has the attention span of a squirrel . She bounces back and forth between meaningless events of her life , vaguely mentioning any cooking she actually did . She clearly has NO understanding whatsoever of cooking , let alone French cooking , and is disgustingly disrespectful to the memory of Julia Child.Her hypocritical take on the Republican Party is shameful at best . Showing that Powell is not only of low character , but so wrapped up in her own ego that I also question her intelligence.Even if you suggest that the point of this book is a psuedo auto-biography it is not worth the time to read it , and you will find yourself so disgusted with Powell that the few mentions of Child are not worth the pain of reading .
 I 'd give this book a zero and put a warning label on it if I could.I love Julia Child and usually enjoy anything written about her . So , it was with great anticipation I started this book . The concept seemed interesting and delightful.I had to stop reading after the first few chapters . The language is crude and vile ... keep it away from your young ladies ... or any lady for that matter . There was nothing about this writer that would make me want to spend any more time with her .
 I could n't get through this book either . I originally picked it up because my name is Julia and my mom 's name is Julie ... so it was , literally , calling my name . I thought it would be a fun , quirky story of a woman finding herself through food ... but instead it was a really abrasive , whiny story about the author , with the occasional mention of Julia Child and French cooking . Just could n't slog through this one .
 Julie Powell is thirty some living in in New York City . One day she decides to make all the recipes in the Julia Child 's Mastering the Art of French cooking , that over 500 recipes . Julie is not master chef by any mean . Needless to say it will a adventure . With help from Eric -LRB- her husband -RRB- , friends and the people who are following her blog , Julie tires to do something that very few pepole have attempted to do . `` Julie and Julia '' by Julie Powell is a cute book about trying to some that you have never done before . I had hoped that there be more about Julia Child but there was n't . Overall `` Julia and Julie '' is a cute book but not a keeper .
 This book was so boring . I 'm glad I did n't spend any time on her blog , it 's no wonder Julia Childs did n't like her . It 's unfortunate that someone with as little ambition and intellect as Julie Powell would get a book and movie deal . Here 's to hoping the screen play writer was able to make the movie more interesting than the book .
 I could n't wait for this book to come out after seeing the previews for the movie based on the book . Now I 'm afraid to see the movie ! This book is really awful . The characters are not likable at all and the stuff that happens between Julie cooking is not something I want to read about . Finally , I really do n't care for all the swearing . Between the swearing and the whining I was not inspired to cook or see the movie .
 This book was OK . It was n't climactic , and in the end the author rubs it in your face that she made all this money from writing her blog and her book . Luckily it 's a short read so I did n't waste too much time on it .
 This is a terrible book . Julie Powell is , on her own admission , not a good cook and the text proves it . And on the evidence of this book she is not a good writer either . I am accustomed to swearing -LRB- it is generally a substitute for vocabulary -RRB- , but the use of foul language throughout is distasteful . Perhaps her moment of fame will inspire her . I doubt it . She should stick to blogging . Poor Julia - passe she may be , but she must be turning in her grave at this travesty .
 For me , this book was a disappointment and waste of time . I purchased it in October 2005 when it had just been published as a `` New York Times Bestseller '' thinking it must be read-worthy . It was not.I 've enjoyed a number of non-fiction , culinary books with keeper status in my library . This was not one of them . I gave my copy to a friend , apologetically , simply because I did n't want it occupying valuable shelf space .
 I ended up with this book during our library 's `` Blind Date With a Book '' event -- where you check out a book , sight unseen , and do n't know the title until it 's actually in your hands . While not a book I would normally choose to read , it looked interesting enough that I decided to give it a chance . I do like to cook , and I know that there 's the possibility for much success , failure , and hilarity in the kitchen . And seeing as this book was about one woman 's quest to cook her way through a famous -LRB- if rather formidable -RRB- cookbook , I figured it would be entertaining.Sadly , this book was a major disappointment . I went in expecting at least some humor and pathos , and instead got what mostly amounts to a lot of whining . `` Julie and Julia '' chronicles roughly a year in the life of author/blogger Julie Powell , who at this stage in her life is a wannabe actress who works a series of temp jobs in New York City . On a whim , one day she decides to relieve the boredom and stress of her empty-feeling life through a self-imposed challenge -- cook every recipe in Julia Child 's book `` Mastering the Art of French Cooking Vol . 1 '' in the course of a year , and write a blog about her experiences . What follows is weeks of agonizing over failed recipes , searching New York for a range of ingredients from sugar cubes to marrow bones , and driving friends and family crazy with her newfound obsession.I went into this book expecting to find some amount of humor , as any cook can attest that cooking can be wildly funny , even -LRB- and especially -RRB- if the recipe gets botched along the way . Instead , `` Julie and Julia '' consists mainly of endless whining and tantrums on the part of the neurotic author/protagonist as she realizes she 's bitten off way more than she can chew . Instead of giving up or altering her goal to something a bit more manageable -LRB- such as giving herself more than a year to make over 500 recipes -RRB- , she instead swears profusely , throws fits when things do n't go her way , and takes out her frustrations on her long-suffering husband and equally neurotic friends . Some people might find this kind of thing funny in a malicious , schadenfreude sort of way , but I found it uncomfortable in small doses and just plain tiresome in a book-sized dose.About the profanity -- I do n't particularly care if an author swears on occasion in a book , especially a memoir . But the casual use of the `` F '' word bothers me , especially when it 's used with such frequency that you wonder if the author knows any other descriptive words . It 's not as bad as `` The Big Lebowski , '' but it 's annoying to me.Also , the book seems to be trying to get a lot of its laughs from shock value . Maybe I 'm a prude , but I do n't find such things as making light of the families of 9/11 victims , comparing a raw chicken to a sex-crime victim , or describing a homeless person 's mental breakdown particularly funny . That 's not to say there 's no humor to be had from a shocking situation , but that seems to be all that Powell is capable of finding humor in . -LRB- Also if someone reads `` Mastering the Art of French Cooking '' and is reminded of `` The Joy of Sex , '' I have to wonder if they have other issues ... -RRB- I really wanted to give this book something other than a one-star rating , as I do n't like to throw out single-star ratings right and left . But this book was beyond unfunny and uninteresting -- it was unpleasant to read as well . I only got halfway through the book before finally giving up , and find I really ca n't recommend it to anybody . It 's not a good cooking memoir or a good memoir period , and its reliance on shock value in place of humor gets tiring fast.At least I 'm not out anything but wasted time with this book . Maybe my next try at Blind Date With a Book will be better ...
 Too much vulgar , unprofessional , unladylike vocabulary . . I do n't think Julia wold have used such speechI sort of expected a recipe somewhere along the way .
 Everything about this book is pretty terrible
 The filthy language repulsed me and removed any enjoyment I might have had in reading the book . With a mouth like that , perhaps it is good that there are no offspring to learn such inappropriate behavior . Instead of sharing the book , I have put it in the garbage -- just like the language !
 I can count on one hand the books I have thrown away in my lifetime of 47 years . I treasure books and respect them , but unfortunately this one had to be kept away from anyone else . I did n't get past the first ten pages . The level of profanity was so distracting that I could n't focus on what the author was saying . Her writing is rich , and I appreciate that . But the book is now smoldering in our burn barrel outside .
 I thought I 'd like this book but once I read about the author , I really did n't care for it or her . I can see why Julia Child never acknowledged the author .
 Julie ca n't cook or write ! If her mother had not named her Julie or she had not found the confidence to blog , we might have been spared this painfully bad book . I tried to read it , but could barely read the first 100 pages , much less finish it . I wanted to be inspired by Julie 's project . I tried to give her a second or third chance , but as a foodie , admirer of Child , and a francophile , this book disappointed me on all fronts . The book was tasteless , bland , and at times nauseating . Is there any humor in 9/11 ? I think not . Julie 's attempt to cook like Julia is as bad as I would imagine it to be if Sarah Palin started to do Tina Fey impersonations.This book has gotten so much attention because of Julia Child 's well-recognized name , which translates into great marketing potential . You do n't pay Meryl Streep to star in a film AND have Nora Ephron write the screenplay unless you are sure to make yourself some money . From the reviews I have read , it seemed that Ephron rewrote rather than simply adapted the book . Then I realized that the movie combines `` Julie and Julia '' with Julia Child 's well-written and well-received memoir `` My Life in France '' . The reviews tell you what a mistake that was . Critics love Meryl as Julia and Stanley Tucci as Paul . On the contrary , even likable , talented Amy Adams ca n't make Julie a sympathetic character because , frankly , she is n't . One reviewer called Julie 's character `` a bitter pill '' and `` a colorless mope '' . Whoever had the idea to combine the two books into one movie should be forced to eat bread and water for the rest of his/her miserable life as penance !!! -LRB- Is there a Hell in the blogosphere ? -RRB- Julia Child 's reputation , fortunately , will not suffer due to this insufferable book . On a positive note , `` Julie and Julia '' has inspired me to read `` My Life in France '' , mind you , a copy with Julia and Paul on the cover , not the movie tie-in version -LRB- see marketing rant above -RRB- . I am also going to re-open my copy of `` Mastering the Art of French Cooking '' and make the garlic mashed potatoes . They are simply divine and worth all the effort . My mom and I made them one memorable Thanksgiving.On a final note , I was appalled to see that Elizabeth Gilbert , the author of `` Eat , Pray , Love '' , a fabulous memoir which includes the author eating her way through Italy , contributed a positive blurb on the paperback jacket . Perhaps that 's the price one must pay to have Julia Roberts play you in a movie . Without Gilbert 's endorsement , I probably would have left Julie and Julia on the shelf .
 No much more to it than that . I feel bad for Julia Child for being associated with this twit of a `` writer '' . A sad reflection but good comparison between the generations .
 Based on a true events , this is about the story of Julie Powell , trying to restore her life , her marriage , career , and ambition , among other things . This book was gathered from Julie 's blog , as she attempts to live one year-365 days-cooking through the legendary Julia Child and her cookbook.First of all , I have to admit this novel has a lot of charm . It is honest , and can actually pass as well-written . However , I do have to say that I did not know if I wanted to root for Julia or simply toss this book of hers to my `` did not finish , never to be picked up again '' pile . But I knew that if I did that , I would n't be able to write a fair review . So I finished it.The premise is interesting enough , and as I said , the author can write well . But throughout the book , I found her to be a little too self-indulgent , even for a memoir . There was not much humor , not much wit , not much thought . In truth , after reading this , I found myself to be a little bit depressed . Her `` opinions '' about her family , friends , politics , 9/11 , Republicans , I found , were actually a bit offensive . I understand that this is a memoir , coming from a blunt blog , but please , there is no need to be this rude.On a positive note , I wish I have just passed this one up and just watch the movie , mainly because of Meryl Streep and Amy Adams . And on the other hand , I wish I had just read more about Julia Child and her husband instead of Julie Powell.Spare yourself , try not read it . You really do n't have to .
 I rarely say this , but I loved the movie and barely tolerated the book . My opinion of Julie from the very beginning of the book is that she is aimless and lazy . She admits that she moved to New York to become an actress and then never really got around to auditioning . She has worked temp job after temp job and she 's 30 years old , with no real desire to do anything . The book is all about her all the time . It appears that she is constantly looking for excitement . Oh , and another thing -- she must think she is so very funny , but she is not . The tone of the book is sarcastic from the beginning and Julie is so self-involved from word one . The humor is over the top and at times very cutting towards her husband . We find out towards the end of the story that Julie really loves her husband Eric , but it is almost mentioned as am afterthought.The book is about Ms. Powell 's experience with cooking her way through Julia Child 's cookbook , Mastering the Art of French Cooking . Powel 's description of the ingredients and the preparation of the food was enough to turn my stomach.If you have not seen the movie ... SEE IT !! Skip this book and anything else written by Julie Powell .
 I got this book thinking it would be about ... of all things - COOKING . Well , unfortunately Julie Powell felt the need to `` liven it up '' with so much profanity I could n't even get through this book . Very disappointing . This is not a sweet book , this is not about cooking so much as it 's about Julie finding more ways to include the `` F '' word into every day language . Do n't let the cover fool you . This book is awful .
 I have to agree with all the rest who did n't like this book , do n't waste your time , if you love to cook then readMy Life In France , about a real woman who loves to cook.I got so tired of the Republican bashing , enough already , we get it , you are a Liberal Democrat who by the way , hatesto cook . I just ca n't believe she got all this fame.At least we know Julia Child found her to be not serious and disrespectful.That was the most rewarding part I read in the book!A real turn off was the maggots in the drip-pan .
 Julie Powell is not the first person to compare sex and food , and thankfully , she wo n't be the last . In this self-absorbed blog-turned-book , Julie Powell , a self-described government drone , needs a project to make her life a little more interesting and give it some -LRB- or any -RRB- meaning - she 's really not sure . -LRB- Someone asked George Mallory `` Why do you want to climb Mt. Everest ? '' to which he famously replied , `` Because it is there . '' Same philosophy here . -RRB- Julie sets out to cook all or most of the recipes in Julia Child 's iconic cook book `` Mastering the Art of French Cooking '' in one year . Small New York apartment , challenging recipes , supportive beleaguered husband , a hunt for rare or unusual ingredients interspersed with fictional glimpses of Julia Child 's life - you can see why the Julie/Julia Project would seem intriguing to readers . An exciting premise certainly , but a poorly-written book . Perhaps that 's why Julie and Julia is now a movie starring Amy Adams . Hollywood certainly will improve on the book - tightening up the pointless details , the endless segues and making us care about Powell and her project more.Powell 's not a good writer , just as many bloggers are not . -LRB- There are so many better memoirs out there I wondered how this even got published . -RRB- The inane minutia of her childhood and life leave readers exhausted and hoping she 'll get to the point - or any point , really . And the constant pop culture references ? Yawn . Okay , already - we know you grew up in the 70s ; you watched a lot of TV ; you have a crush on Jason Bateman . I kept waiting for the Teen Wolf reference . Powell 's like that friend who only wants to tell you about everything that 's going wrong in her life and needs you as a friend only so she has someone to complain to . Sigh.The book does have some bright spots . When Powell talks about her friends , you can feel the love and affection she has for them - that 's also when the strongest writing comes out . Her co-worker 's IM trysts with a married man are hysterical as is the co-worker 's ultimate reason for breaking up with him . And while I personally would n't compare liver to sensational sex as Powell does , it made a giggling discussion for my book club as we picked a food that compared to sex with our husbands.Powell 's blog readers - or `` bleaders '' - express many of the feelings that readers of this book will have
 I might have had fun reading this if the author was n't so A. Miserable . B. Whining . C. Self-Obsessed and D. Political . I put this book down on page 100 , thoroughly disgusted by this exasperating woman and her mercurial , childish moods . I was so excited to read it after seeing the article in People , and I thought the idea was really inspiring and wonderful . It was such a great project and it took a lot for her to slowly whittle my respect for her , but she did an excellent job of it . This was a good idea that is fumbled in the hands of an inspipid , boring woman who I am so sorry I know anything about .
 I 'm so glad I did not buy this book , instead I borrowed it from the library . Having read Julia 's book about her life in France I was already familiar with the excerpts and quotes that Julie uses in the book . The first thing I found off-putting was her disclosure - that she made up portions of the book . OK , she was honest to admit this but if it was worded better I may have been less offended . Honestly I only read the first 15 % of the book , then speed read/skimmed through the drivel and slowed down to read the cooking parts , it was THAT bad . The long parts between the cooking dialogue are filled with the occasional f * word , comments about her sexual frustrations , and depressing and mundane life . She is the epitome of the type of person I would not befriend - not very clean , pessimistic , likes to wallow in her own sorrow , a complainer . This book was a HUGE disappointment . Do yourself a favor and borrow it from a friend or the library . I 'd be surprised if you finish it . Now I 'm wondering if I should bother seeing the movie . ** Update 01/10/10 ** I saw the movie last night and liked it . Nora Ephron did a fantastic job of leaving out a lot of the bad writing details/plot and spinning it through her lens , not Julie Powell 's . I recognized a lot of the movie from having read `` My Life in France '' - that book is very well worth the read as it chronicles how Julia Child ended up being who she was . Be happy with the movie and borrow/rent the book if you must .
 I utterly hated this book ! The author whines , complains and then whines some more . Thank goodness for the chapters reflecting back to Julia Child 's life because it gave me a break from reading about all her complaints . It 's a shame the author had to used Julia Child 's life as an excuse to write a book about herself , and boy does she like to talk about herself . Save your time and read Julia Child 's biography . It 's a lot more entertaining and you wo n't feel like kicking yourself for wasting your time reading this drivel .
 Please do n't waste your time reading this trash . I threw the book away after reading a few chapters ... I look for books that make me laugh , cry , think , imagine , learn from and get motivated or inspired ... this book did nothing ... This book is not about cooking ... its not about the great Julia Child ... its about the daily life of an angry , uninspring , foul mouth woman who tries to cook her way through Julia Child 's cooking book without even enjoying the experience ... however I do recommend the movie ... you see a lot more of Julia Child ... it is well played and even the Julie character is quit nice ...
 The politics gets really old really fast as do the day to day lives of the self absorbed and rather dull cast of characters . I really wanted to like the book , but , like a number of other reviewers , I could only make it part way through . PS . enough with the F-word already . It may be hip , but it 's jarring especailly when used incessently .
 Do n't buy the book based on your opinion of the movie . I took my niece to see the movie and we loved it - Meryl Streep was , naturally , beyond amazing , while Amy Adams was charming . Nora Ephron was wise to do what she did with this story , because the real Julie Powell is quite insufferable , hardly an ideal role model for waking up one 's life.As far as the foul language goes ... a well-placed swear word can add realism and punch to a story , but overuse of profanity by an author is , in this writer 's opinion , not only offensive and jarring , but worse , downright lazy . If you have to rely so heavily on swear words , then you 're only proving that you are unable to express yourself in print with any degree of finesse.A lot of reviewers who gave this book a bad rating used the word `` whiny . '' It is not misplaced , I assure you . I love humorous life stories in which a protagonist tries to make sense of things by embarking on journey of self-discovery through a special project , but , rather than being full of fun foibles , poignant moments , and growing insight , this author shows a character who is narcissistic , snobbish and insufferable . I 'm not a republican or a Bush fan , either , but I absolutely LOATHE people who exhibit such blatant disrespect for other people 's views , opinions , and beliefs -LRB- reminds me of Helen Goode on `` The Goode Family , '' who whines to her husband , that it IS good to respect others , just `` not them ! '' -RRB- . Apparently , if you disagree with Julie Powell , you 're just stupid.I did n't come out of this too badly myself
 The jacket gushes , `` Julie Powell writes about cooking the way it always needed to be written about . `` No , she does n't . She writes about her friends ' dysfunctional sex lives , about her own barely-controlled anger management issues , and about how much city life sucks for the less-than rich . But she writes very little about cooking.She also has a rather limited vocabulary , substituting liberal amounts of profanity . This gets old quickly , too.I threw this away unfinished ; I did n't want to be responsible for anyone else wasting time on this book by giving it away . Fortunately it was cheap .
 Because this project has what I consider to be an irresistible premise and because a friend described the book as `` funny , '' I was excited to read it . On the surface , I have a good deal in common with Julie Powell . We are close in age and background , similar in work history , and both enjoy good food , good drinks , cursing and leaving the cleaning to someone else.After reading this book , if someone were to tell me I reminded them of Julie Powell , I would commit hari-kari . She is terribly unpleasant , self-absorbed and repellant . All of the characteristics with which I could identify are completely reduced to rubble in her hands . I find myself never wanting to hear or use the F-word ever again , and even I was repulsed by her disgusting apartment . I had to skip most of the passage involving maggots lest I lose my lunch . All the tales of sticky cat hair , brackish flooded fixtures and rotting floors did n't help either . I read most of the book with that look on my face people have when something nearby stinks.I assume she was attempting humor and exaggerating many of her misadventures and personality flaws , but the end result is that I loathe her as a fellow human being and wish ill upon her . Her heartless exposure of her friends ' and family 's personal lives is inexcusable -LRB- and dull -RRB- and her husband appears to be a combination saint/fool for putting up with her . Powell hates the project , hates her job , dislikes her husband -LRB- she mentions her frequent desire to beat his head with sharp rocks . I mean really ! Eric ! Run for your life ! -RRB- , disdains her friends , scorns her mother , disrespects Julia Child and admires only her cats and her brother.In its relentlessly bleak tone and insistence on examining the lives of detestable characters , this book reminds me ofA Confederacy of Dunces . Another supreme waste of time and positive energy.I think the lesson to be learned here is that a blogger does not an author make . The publishing industry needs to be really careful about offering book deals to just any successful blog author . Any fool with an internet connection can create a blog , after all . That does n't mean they are worthy of anyone else 's time or attention .
 Many a blog turned book falls into the `` nothing new '' trap ; what we get on paper is just a reproduction of what we got on the screen . In her attempt to escape this pitfall , Julie Powell goes to the opposite extreme and tries to do way too much . The premise lured me in
 This book is dreadful . Not only is it poorly written because Julie Powell over-writes , but because Julie Powell and her life come across as shallow . Thank goodness Julia Child or Judith Jones never met her and I wish I had never bought her book . Do n't waste your money . I 'm sure Julie Powell is laughing all the way to the bank for those of us who were duped into buying her book thinking it would focus on food and life rather than a cheap attempt to garner fame and ... money . She does n't even try to hide her objective . Because of so much negative publicity and the critics slamming the `` Julie '' part of the Julie & Julia movie , hopefully others will not make the mistake of buying this book or any others she may write.Instead , I recommend My Life in France or any of Julia Child 's other books . There , you find an authentic , unpretentious person with a true passion for food and life . Julia Child is inspiring and authentic -- everything Julie Powell is not . If you 're looking for a true food book , not a gimmick , stick with the real Julia.I 'm putting my Julie & Julia book in the recycle bin .
 whiny sitcoms , this is not the book for you . Like others , I was hoping for the details of Julie 's journey working her way through Julia Child 's first book . I could care less about the profanity or the politics -LRB- although the latter just got annoyingly tiresome even for this liberal -RRB- , it 's just the whining . My God ! how the woman whines . And moans . And mopes . Some books make you glad , others make you cranky ; this one leaves me with the urge to grab the author by the shoulders , give her a good shake and yell , `` Stop whining !! My 9 year old niece whines less than you ! '' And tip for Julie -- any recipes you had problems with were because a -RRB- you have no clue how to cook and b -RRB- you were too distracted whining to follow a recipe . I wish 0 stars were allowed in reviews -- oh , I know ! I 'll whine about it . It seems to work for Julie .
 I 'm going to try to be as objective as possible since I was an editor for many years and would like to voice what I think the actual issues with the book are . Starting with the title
 As an avid blogger and foodie , I looked forward to buying this book for over a year . Now that I have it , I ca n't even finish reading it . Powell is not only a bad cook but a bad writer as well.This book does n't stick with any audience . Bloggers think it 's overrated . Foodies think it 's insulting to Julia Child . Readers feel it 's a bad piece of writing . Overall , it 's just bad . On top of everything else , her constant b * tching about her botched recipes got on my last nerve.Boring and not really about anything , this book is as bland as an unseasoned chicken breast .
 I had such high hopes for this book , especially after reading Powell 's article in a recent Gourmet -LRB- or was it Bon Appetite ? -RRB- magazine . I am so utterly disappointed in this book . If Powell had completely focused on her cooking project I would have been mildly amused . However , the chaos in her life is not entertaining . I do n't want to read about someone drinking Vodka every night and complaining about the world . This book is not what I expected and I 'm embarrassed that I gave it to my father as a Christmas gift . In his words , `` life 's too short to waste it by reading books like this '' . What a waste of money . After reading half of the book I finally put it down last night and wo n't be picking it up again . Such a disappointment !
 Like a lot of other reviewers , I had high hopes for this book . I love cooking and eating so any book in which food serves as an integral role or an interesting plot device is appealing . I honestly think that the premise of the book was great in theory , but not as interesting in reality . My biggest complaint with the book was that the events were not strung together well enough to form a compelling plot . The whole book felt like a bunch of amusing blog posts strung together that were interesting , but did n't seem to come with any well definited climax or suspense . I 'm sometimes willing to overlook this if the material is written in a beautiful or compelling way , but just did not find that . In addition , I felt like there was too much focus on her rise to fame and not enough on what had actually attracted me to the book in the first place , her cooking experiments and their role in her life . There simply was noting pushing me along to form an emotional connection with the author or to wonder what happened next . I also found it interesting that a book about such decedant and sensual food was written in such a way that the dishes did n't come to life . When I 'm reading about food I like to feel like the descriptions make it as if I was tasting the food myself . Instead I personally found her writing voice a little annoying and at times as if it was trying a tad too hard . Granted , this is all a matter of personal taste and what is annoying to one could definitely be amusing or pleasant to another . That said , I 'm still giving this book 2 stars because it was still a decent way to pass a plane ride and at the bargain price I found it at -LRB- $ 5.99 -RRB- I can hardly complain . If after the reviews you 've read online you 'd still like to check it out , I highly recommend getting it at the library .
 Two stars is generous ... unfortunately -LRB- and I tried so very hard -RRB- I could not finish this book and left it in a rental house in Florida over the holidays for someone else to read.Desperately in need of editing ... perhaps there is a real generation gap in that I found the author to be very naive . This should n't be shelved in the cookbook section of bookstores -- a memoir is more like it . If you 're interested , take it out of the library .
 I read the Julie/Julia Project blog occasionally and enjoyed it . I thought that the book would be similar , but it was n't . I do n't object to irreverent opinions and random stories in a foodie memoir , but she took out too much of what made the blog fun and what she replaced it with lacks wit and charm . Powell 's writing feels forced and her contrived expositions of how hip , liberal , and shocking she is/wants to be pall quickly .
 I had such high hopes for this book and have been sorely disappointed . I 've only read about half of it and am making myself finish it since I paid full price for it . Reading should not be a chore . There is so much wrong with it I ca n't cover it all but here are my major complaints : First of all Julie is downright obnoxious . There is nothing likeable about her . She is whiny , crass , and extremely vulgar . This book is also full of profanity . And I am appalled at her cold feelings towards 9-11 victims . I 'm glad I 'm not the only one who noticed that . Second , this book has hardly anything to do with cooking . The author mentions the recipes almost as an afterthought . Third , she completely overwrites and I 'm finding my mind wondering on nearly every single page . I am no psychic , but I am rather comfortable predicting that her newest book will be a complete and utter failure . I can see why Julia Child wanted no part in this .
 I was so excited when I got this book . But I am walking away from it completely disappointed . I love Julia Child but did n't see where she was a big part of this book . In my opinion , I did n't understand what Julie Powell was trying to get across to her readers . I was 40 pages into the book and had no idea what I was reading . I thought maybe if I stick it out , things will start to make sense . Well halfway through the book , I was more confused then ever . This book makes no sense . Julie Powell is all over the place with her story . She jumps from one subject to another without finishing what she was talking about in the first place . Very frustrating to follow . By the time I got halfway through this book , I had no idea what I had read . This had to be just about one of the worst books I have ever attempted to read . I wo n't be finishing it and would not recommend it to anyone that I know or who asks me about it .
 My husband stopped reading after 50 pages . I preserved and after 100 + pages it smoothed out . When this book is good , it 's not bad . When it 's bad , it 's horrid . TMI ... . She constantly drops the `` F '' bomb and I do n't care to know so much about her or her friend 's sex lives.As a fan of Julia Child , guess I expected more of the challenges of cooking Julia Childs ' recipes as written . They 're sort of an afterthought -LRB- maybe 2 or 3 paragraphs in a chapter -RRB- after the trials and tribulations of her life . The boredom of 9/11 ceremonies that as a government worker she is forced to witness , the boredom of her job , her dislike of Republicans , her boring fellow workers , etal .
 I had this book on my `` to read '' list for some time and finally got around to picking it up . I thought this would read along the lines of , `` Cooking for Mr. Latte '' which I thoroughly enjoyed . I was expecting -LRB- and wanting -RRB- something very light-heartened and by the description I thought , `` Julie and Julia '' would be exactly that . I could not have been more wrong . I found the author to be annoying and very unlikeable . I got about 1/2 through the book before I gave up . Wish I had read these reviews first .
 I really wanted to like this book . I am a chef who loves cooking memoirs and Julia Child so how could I go wrong ? Well I went very wrong , very very very very wrong.The book has nothing to do with cooking , from a woman who seemingly hates food and only started cooking -LRB- by her on account -RRB- to snag her husband . Why I wonder did the woman choose to do all of the recipes in MTAOFC in 365 instead of truly trying to do the recipes as written and to perfection ? I do think as a past reviewer has said that this was Ms. Powell attempt -LRB- which she did successfully -RRB- to get rich off of the late and great Julia Child.I am not a fan of reading about a very spoiled woman who seems to have no real talent of her own . Complaining about living conditions , family , friends , job , etc. but never seeking to improve them . If you like to read this sort of thing , this is the book for you .
 I read this a couple years ago -- one of my fascinations in life is good foodie food , and another is reading memoirs . This book does combine these two aspects of a considered life.I read the book , and while I enjoyed it , and stayed to the end , I really would n't provide more than two and a half stars to this one . Since reading it , I 've discovered the real world of food blogs on the Internet , with many authors who blow her book away . The concept of making every single recipe in Julia Child 's `` The Art of French Cooking '' was an excellent one . I was amused by her trials and tribulations with some of the more arcane recipes and ingredients , and I 'm glad she preserved onwards.But afterwards ? I felt like I 'd just over-eaten at an Outback , or something . Filling , but I think a few less metaphoric carbs would have helped this meal tremendously .
 I ca n't say really , whether the book is awesome or not , as I did n't finish reading it . I would appreciate a rating system , much like the movie industry uses , that would let me know BEFORE I purchase an item if it may contain matter that I find objectionable . That way , I 'd save my money for something that I would actually end up enjoying.This book contained extremely strong language , through out the first few chapters , so I did n't ready any further and could n't tell you if it was great , or if it contained any other objectionable material .
 It was suggested to me that this book was really funny and very good . I wish that was the case . I found Julie Powell to be self indulgent and nasty . In the movie -LRB- which I saw first , and pretty much liked it -RRB- Julie asks her friend if she is a `` b * tch '' and her friend told her , of course you are . In the movie I could n't see it , but in the book there is no doubt that she does live up to that unattractive title . Too bad , I was hoping to like this book , but did not .
 I was very glad once I finished this book , it was the only book I have ever wanted to throw directly into the trash -LRB- which I did -RRB- . Julie Powell is a lazy , whiney , high-maintenance , self-centered , self-absorbed , unappealing person . If her year of cooking was a year of self discovery , then it appears there was nothing there to discover . But then Julia was all about you and Julie is all about herself and I can find nothing in the book to provide a good reason for her self-absorption .
 I had to quit this book halfway through - I just could n't take it and justify wasting my time trying to read it . Such dribble - nothing funny about it . Just boring - the movie gets good reviews so I figured the book would be half decent . Not so ... Spend your money on any other book and spare yourself !
 I expected recipes and ... none!Made a donation to a senior center and donated ... Julie & Julia !!!!!!!!!!
 I wish I had n't spent $ seeing this since it did bash a political party , which I find divisive for our troubled country right now . Streep 's characterization of JC was strong but greatly undermined by a very weak and uninspiring depiction of Julia Powell . More Julie than Julia made for a recipe of too much Julie and not enough Julia to make the film worth it.Here is something tongue in cheek to watch though -LRB-
 As we know , Julie Powell was a woman who was on a mission . This mission was to cook everything in Julia Child 's cookbook , `` Mastering The Art Of French Cooking , '' one recipe per day for an entire year . Then she would blog about it . As we also know , there was a movie starring Amy Adams as Julie Powell and Meryl Streep as Julia Child . The movie was decent , the book was aggravating , and I would ask that you refrain from reading the book and maybe check out the movie if you wish.In the movie , we see Powell 's adventures and how Julia Child began her culinary expeditions . In the book , we hear Julie Powell whine and complain and read letters from Julia Child during the mid-twentieth century . The moaning and groaning is just so much that I could find an equal amount of entertainment in a blog about the hardships of being a parent . Books that are written like this do n't need to be published . What 's even more hysterical is after this book was published , Powell was now declared a culinary expert and garnered more writing opportunities , one was about meat cleaving.The only reason I am granting this book my original score of two stars out of five that I granted it when I first read it is because it does feature a goal and it does discuss the goal and how it was reached . It still does n't make a difference between liking and disliking the book.Gaining your fame with something like this is a complete and utter shame .
 It made me laugh out loud sometimes , but swears so much that it was distracting to me . The movie catches the essence of what she went through in the book . There are some scenes in the book that were funny and did n't make it into the movie , but there are also a few gross stories that did n't make it into the movie , either . Overall , the writing was good , but I think I liked the movie better .
 Disappointing read - with all the hype regarding the movie I thought it 'd be fun to read before going to the movie . I did n't find the book very interesting . guess i thought there would be more about the trials of cooking Julia 's recipes vs about Julie trying to pull a life together . I ended up skipping through to the end just to get the gist of it - and then relieved to move to another book .
 The author narrated some amusing scenes -LRB- Subway platform sticks out in my mind -RRB- but overall it was a joyless read . She continually gripes about everything imaginable -LRB- job , mother 's prying , lack of intimacy -RRB- but does nothing productive to initiate change , creates and maintains filthy surroundings , and is a perpetual job for her husband in her needs to be reinforced , picked up , coddled , and cleaned up after . What a bleak picture of what it means to be a woman living in 21st century New York . This book was a good reminder to myself to read the reviews before buying !
 I was , quite frankly , shocked at the language used ! I saw the movie first and just loved it so I was not prepared for the liberal use of the `` f '' word and taking the Lord 's name in vain so many times ! I 'm surprised that someone made a movie out of it ! Sometimes swearing or cursing is part of the nature of a story and more or less expected - but it was totaly out of character for this book !
 Loved the movie so much I had to read both source books . Started with Julia 's book and then moved to this one . I have never appreciated Nora Ephron so much until I saw what she did with this second class material . It plods along with not enough cooking as well as not enough life . Julie 's most interesting scenes in the movie did not come from this book -- they were obviously Nora 's creation . I did love the bits of Paul 's -LRB- Child -RRB- letters that separated a few of the chapters . This books cries out for more Paul . I seem to remember reading a movie review that called for more Julia and less Julie . That goes triple at least for this book .
 I thought that the book was very whiny , another one of those , `` I 'm pushing thirty having a third of the way through life crisis ! '' books . I thought that the movie was excellent , but the book bored and depressed me .
 I kept waiting for the `` sparkling wit '' that the cover blurb promised to show up . I would have settled for the `` laughs out loud '' other reviewers claimed to have . Unfortunately I did n't find either one . I had such high hopes for this premise , but by the end of the book I simply did n't care any more . I gave the book 2 stars because I loved the little bits about Julia . Julie was just boring .
 I 'm a self-proclaimed ` foodie ' , so I bought this book thinking I might try cooking some of Julia Child 's recipes myself . What a disappointment ! This is not about cooking at all . It 's a self-absorbed , whiny , disjointed mess that I ca n't believe any publisher would bother with . Blogs , it seems , are the new ` Christmas-card updates ' for people who think their lives are interesting to other people . Not so . Fortunately , the movie made ostensibly of this book is delightful . But feel free to take bathroom breaks any time poor Amy Adams comes on screen . She 's a wonderful actress but ca n't bring to life this pitiful woman who could interest no one . Not everything needs to be chronicled .
 I read this book long before the movie came out . I enjoy cooking , watch some cooking programs , have read a biography of Julia Child , have used recipes from Mastering the Art of French Cooking , and so approached this book as an interesting discourse on food and life and Julia Child . In all those respects , the book is a failure . The author is not a particularly good cook , does not aspire to get any better , approaches the cooking as a challenge she sets for herself -LRB- much as one would memorize the periodic table of elements or read the entire OED -RRB- , does not lead an interesting -LRB- even quirky interesting -RRB- life , and has no meaningful insights to offer the reader.I slogged through the book , thankful that I do not know her or her friends . On the other hand , I do wish I could have attended a meal with Julia and Paul Child .
 You know ... what a great story . I love the idea of challenging yourself to something crazy ... something out of the box to get you out of a rut . But boy ... I did NOT like Julie . She was ... I ca n't really put my finger on it ... unlikeable . She just really did n't have a good personality . I thought she treated her sweet hubby like a dog ... and her mouth was just foul ... and she could care less ! I thought the way she talked about 9/11 was really crappy and she whined and cried so much I almost cheered when she was told Julia Child did n't care for her ! I hope they make her movie character much nicer ... it will be a hit then and fiction ... but at least then people will like it ! I 'd pass on the book if you have n't read it and wait for the movie ... hopefully Hollywood will add some magic to it !
 After reading some of the reviews I see that there seem to be two sets of camps regarding this book
 So often you hear `` The book was so much better than the movie '' , not the case for this book . Watch the movie , read Julia Child 's autobiography `` My Life in France '' but do n't waste money on this book.The author barely touches on Julia 's actual influence upon this project . She 's more interested in giving her friends permission to have affairs , drink too much , curse in every other paragraph , scream at her husband constantly , and give her political opinion on nothing at all.If how she treats her husband in the book is in any way reflective of how he was treated in real life then I do n't understand how he stayed with her .
 I LOVED the movie , so I bought the book ... it was a great disappointment . The amazing movie writers did an amazing wonderful job of turning Julie Powells book into a fun movie . The Book is NOTHING like the movie . The book is foul mouthed trash . I stopped reading after 3 chapters . It is no wonder that Julia Child did n't like Julia Powells book . I was extremely disappointed . If you liked the movie ... . do n't buy the book .
 Maybe it 's unfortunate that I saw Julie and Julia at the theater before I read the book . I enjoyed the movie . I found Amy Adams a little more likable than in her previous movies , and Meryl Streep was just spot on . As movies usually leave portions of their namesake books out , I downloaded Julie and Julia to my Kindle to see what I 'd missed . That was on August 23 ; it 's now September 11 , and I 've just finished . I 've had plenty of opportunity to read the book in that long time span , but not much to entice me.Frankly , it 's rather boring to read about cooking , dirty kitchens , failed recipes , etc. , over and over . There 's enough of that at my house . Visually , those things only entertained me in the movie . The excerpts from Julia 's life were much more interesting in the movie ; in the book , they were very , very short , although I realize that the movie had more to work with since Nora Ephron adapted parts of Julia 's book , My Life in France , into the movie.Often , a chapter would begin with Julie in a new situation ; however , she would veer off topic for a number of pages , and by the time she returned to the subject , it was hard to remember the start.I do n't believe I laughed a single time during my reading . Julie 's constant complaining and whining became old very fast , and I did n't see that 365 days of cooking made much difference . One more thing , if you 're offended by the F -- bomb , be prepared for plenty of explosions .
 Let me preface this by saying that I only got this book based on the fact that I loved the film . In my experience the books are always better than the film , so it was with much much anticipation that I got this novel . In fact I bought it in December and saved it to read on my honeymoon in Feb. . I was that excited.By the time I got half way through , I was wondering if I was somehow able to get a refund , even a partial one.To say this book is the most awful thing I have ever read is wrong . But it is up there with some real doozies.The problem for me is three fold ... 1 . Julie Powell is NOT a professional writer . Not by a long shot . The writing lacks the flow needed to take the reader from one idea to the next . Instead , she jumps around so frequently that I found myself turning pages to see if I had accidentally skipped ahead . Her use of brackets is astonishing . She uses these as a way of avoiding paragraphs . The bracket starts and 15 sentences later she is still rambling on about something or other -RRB- . Oh , and it would be nice if the brackets closed too ... Unlike in the film which made Julie a wanna-be writer , the real Julie is a frustrated actress , and boy does it show . Which brings me to point 2 . The Julie Powell the writer is a self-obsessed , neurotic , narcissistic drama queen . And worse - she 's the BORING kind who thinks that her little idiosyncracies make her somewhat exciting . Blerg !!! Her contempt for the people around her who lead way more interesting lives is astonishing , and can be summerised for me in the spat attack she had when her brother dared hint that perhaps her friend is NOT THE MARRYING KIND . Of course dear Julie straight away thinks that he is saying that she is , and causes an argument . She is an awful character . And what makes this worse is that this is not a made up character , unless Julie decided to take some creative flair . Either way , real or not , the Julie in the book is so unlikeable that reading about her , through her eyes , is a journey into culinary hell .3 . I was hoping for some passion , some love of food in this book . But no . Rather , the cooking part is just the hook to make you buy this book . Julie appears to hate cooking , and her descriptions of food are so mundane that I found myself losing my appetite . Books that concern cooking should make you salivate . A brilliant example of a writer who paints food with his words in Anthony Bourdain . Perhaps dear Julie could call him up and ask for a lesson ... There is so much more I could say , but at the end of the day I could n't bring myself to even finish this book . Life is too short to waste on purile trash . Avoid avoid avoid !!
 I told a friend recently that I had read this book . She asked if I were going to see the movie and I immediately answered NO . I do n't want to give that woman -LRB- author Julie/Julia Powell -RRB- any more of my money . Things to admire about Powell ; her imagination and persistance . Many more things not to admire including her gloating at the `` end '' of the book about how she is now lounging in her pajamas with her cats etc. thanks to the money fools like myself laid out for her writing efforts . Fool me once ...
 I loved the movie , The book is a waste of time . Not well written , She writes like someone with ADD . She 's all over the place.Far to much griping , complaining , Julie is not likable . Not a fun read . Had to force myself to finish it.She says its a memoir but also says in the preface she sometimes just made things up . How can it be a memoir then?Won ' t waste my time on this author again.Rose
 Very poorly written book . It 's all over the place . The `` f '' word seemed to be thrown in simply to fill space . At times I did n't have the slightest clue what she was talking about . She tried to be funny - and failed miserably . And besides being boring and poorly written she frequently takes cheap shots at republicans , which were just distracting and irritating.Simply put this book is nothing like I was expecting and I am so glad that I got a copy from the library and did n't contribute one dime to this woman 's bank account . I returned it to the library the very next day - unfinished.Very disppointing , this was such a good idea for a book and a movie , but Julie Powell just was n't up to the task ... at least not to my standards .
 Looking forward to the movie version because I think Meryl Streep is such a great actress , I decided to buy this book and read it before the movie is released . I rarely read books after I have seen the movie . Even though it is not a genre that I usually select , I was looking forward to it . I have been disappointed . I ca n't get into at all ... no , I have n't finished it.I do n't like the style . It is indulgent and somewhat crude at times . It is n't that I do n't like the blog style ; it is that the stream of consciousness style takes things so off subject most of the time that it is difficult to remember just what the point is.I wish I would have read a few reviews before I bought it . Live and learn . I doubt I will finish this book .
 ... and if that 's the case , Julie Powell may well be the antichrist . Wanted to love this book , tried to like it - but I just could n't stomach it past the first couple of chapters . Too much vulgarity . Too much distastefully embarrassing personal revelation . I guess this is the 21st century `` My Space '' version of Julia 's classic `` The French Chef . '' Oh Well .
 I picked this up after seeing the movie . The book fails to live up to the movie . The slow pace is compounded by the crass and often vulgar language used . Stick to the movie .
 Like many of the other reviewers here , I was intrigued by the premise of this book , but the author 's attitude and descriptions of her life make it tough going at times . Perhaps she 's exaggerating for comic effect , but as is , she initially comes across as the worst caricature of a Gen-X , would-be New York hipster
 Too bad I can not give negative stars !! Read the only the first chapter and was completely turned off by the vulgarity and whiney tone . Even though I am a college graduate I had to have a dictionary handy to interpret the obscure vocabulary that was completely unnecessary . I agree with all of the bad reviews this book is getting and am vehement about how much I hated it !
 Do n't waste your time . This book is not about cooking . It 's more about existential angst that results from a dead-end job . Even Julia -LRB- the real one -RRB- , living at the time , when told about the project , sneered at the idea . The first half of the book is boring , the second half less so , but boring nonetheless . I gave the book away .
 I guess I should have read the book and then seen the movie instead of the other way around . The movie is much better than the book . This book spends way too much time on Julie and very little time on Julia Child . Thus , the book was quite disappointing . See the movie , do n't waste money on this book , get it at the library . Also , the foul language in the book was soooooo unnecessary and offensive . This gal is no lady . The movie can never be over-rated , but the book is grossly over-rated .
 Okay , I am a pseudo-foodie . I 'll admit that . And a blog junkie , I 'll admit that too . When I picked up Julie & Julia , my inner pseudo-foodie was what propelled me to do so . I knew nothing about this book except that it had something to do with Julia Child.So the main character , Julie ... I can identify with her . Youngish , married , watching her single friends go on with their lives , a working drone looking for something more ... I get that . There was some humor ... hey , I use the same library of curse words when I have disasterous cooking experiments . But then , the book got , well , DARK.Specifically , the gross factor . I 'm not talking about the unusual foods she cooked . No , I am talking about the vivid writings about all the various environmental hazards that the main character was working around while conducting these cooking experiments . It amazed me that , even though this is a work of fiction , that the main character and everyone who ate her food did n't die of some sort of horrible food borne illness.So ... two stars for a main character I can sort of identify with and that dash of humor . Minus three stars for reducing me to tears with the plumbing bits and the fly thing . GAGH !
 I have to say for the first time in my life the movie is way better than the book , it is totally disjointed and full of unnecesary profanity . The author comes across as very immature and a total whiner . Do n't bother buying it , the movie is much more enjoyable .
 I found this book at Goodwill and thought the movie was interesting so I thought the book would be as well . It was n't . It was boring , had nothing to do with cooking , and I do n't get a good impression of the author . The swear words were offensive , and I only got through the first couple chapters when I realized I had no interest in reading the rest of it . This book will be going back to Goodwill .
 This book does such a disservice to the memory of the great Julia Child and the many talented chefs who learned to cook from Julia 's books . It is poorly written , uninteresting , sophomoric . I ca n't understand how more deserving authors routinely get their manuscripts turned down by publishers , but a waste of time like `` Cooking Dangerously '' makes it into print . I 've heard it said that Julia Child was aware of Powell 's blog but did not think very kindly of the venture because Powell never wrote about the food itself or about technique -- she was interested only in publicity . I wish her well but hope her 15 minutes of fame are over .
 Julia was right to hate the use of her name by others , Julie Powell is the exact opposite of what Julia was .
 Received this book as a gift and flipped through the pages for a quick preview . The first passage I read involved a leftover charlotte cake that the author carried to her workplace to share . Unfortunately she dropped the cake en route and the dish was smashed . She served the cake anyway , but went around the office to warn a select few -LRB- those who shared her political affiliation -RRB- to avoid the cake because it probably contained ceramic dish shards and traces of antifreeze from the street surface . I had to read this passage twice to confirm it was as horrifying as my first impression . Then I trashed the book . Normally I give away used books , but this one is too toxic to pass along . Why should anyone feed their mind with anything this person has to say ? Why would anyone want to nourish their bodies with anything she prepares ? The screenwriters for the movie must have done some intensive scrubbing on the source material in this book !
 Horrid book . Who cares about a pain-in-the-behind whiner living in Brooklyn ? Skip all of the bits about the New Yorker and move straight to Julia ... or better yet , see the movie and buy MY LIFE IN FRANCE by Julia Child .
 I bought this book thinking that I would enjoy reading it seeing that I had not yet seen the movie . Frankly I am disappointed with the profanity in this book . I am not a fan of profanity and I do not read books with such . I wonder if I could resell my copy to Amazon . That 's how i feel about the book . My money is wasted . Thank goodness the movie is much much much better and there was only one profane word said only once in the movie .
 Julie Powell , the author of `` Julie & Julia , '' is an unlikeable , foul , bitter , crass , judgmental twit . It 's no wonder Child herself was reportedly unimpressed by the blog that led to this book and the film . Do you want to read a book full of incoherent , wandering diatribes against Republicans , Christians , and just wholesome living in general ? Then you will love this book and undoubtedly , the author as well . There are few chapters that do n't rail against the `` what would Jesus do '' bracelet-sporting co-worker , or the `` evil Republicans , '' who she is happy to use for her own selfish ends -LRB- The Republicans have provided her with her job ; when she is desperate for wine advice , she turns to a Republican -RRB- . Having seen the movie , it is remarkable how much effort Nora Ephron had to expend in order to re-write the character of Julie ; ` movie ' Julie is almost charming in comparison to ` novel ' Julie . If Julie had been portrayed in the film as she describes herself in the novel , I doubt even Meryl Streep 's mighty cinematic power could have saved the film.So
 My book club is reading JULIE AND JULIA this month . There has been renewed buzz about this book as it will soon be made into a movie starring Amy Adams and Meryl Streep . It sounded like a lot of fun but I have to admit I was a bit disappointed.JULIE AND JULIA follows the adventures of disgruntled government worker Julie Powell as she tries to find meaning in her life right after 9/11 . Julie is about to turn 30and decides that she needs a project . She decides to cook all of the recipes in Julia Child 's MASTERING THE ART OF FRENCH COOKING over one year and blog about it . This memoir chronciles that project.The subject matter of this memoir had such potential but it ended up plodding along from one recipe to the next . Powell occasionally spices up the book with tidbits from her personal life and those of her friends . However , the book came to feel as if it were a list of recipes with a few life vignettes in between . I found it to be really slow . Powell herself seems to be charming and the reader is left wanting to know more about her and her life . Overall , however , the book fell flat for me . Perhaps the movie will prove more entertaining.BOTTOM LINE
 I enjoyed the book when she was n't cursing , dissing conservatives , and obsessing about hers and everybody esle 's sex life . No wonder Hollywood came calling ... though I 'm glad she found her passion .
 I began this book the day after I finished Julia Child 's `` My Life in France . '' Julie Powell admits in the onset of the book that the `` memoirs '' of JC are often fiction . That is true and I find it an embarrassment to a great woman.Julie Powell is not a polished author and her prose is generally nothing more than what you would find in a silly , young woman 's diary.Buy Julia Child 's book , it IS worth the money .
 The vapid prejudice was unappealing . Of course its ok to disagree with a set of political ideas . The blessing of America as we can all disagree openly . But to just randomly name `` republicans '' as the evil guys in the world in the name of humor is not funny and reveals prejudice ... Too bad as the book surely has its funny bits . It rawly shares a vulnerability which has a real appeal .
 Awful . Simply awful . In every possible way . I would give it no stars if I could.I 'm so glad I picked this up from the library and did n't spend my hard-earned money on it .
 boring , self centered , Amazing what she thinks about her job and her bosses and ... just not a good read . also NARRY A RECIPE but then just a book to ride coat tails and make some fast $ $ $ As far as the swear words she defends so much , without them there would really be absolutely no spice . But even they become boring and trite after awhile .
 I desperately tried to like this book - in fact , when it arrived from Amazon -LRB- used - thank goodness -RRB- , I could n't wait until my baby was asleep to jump into bed to start reading it . However , after picking away at Julie and Julia for three nights , I finally had to put it away for good . I found it tedious and rather uninteresting , focusing more on the writer 's unappealing life & friends than on cooking . Nice attempt , but overrated and a disappointment .
 I had such high hopes for this after seeing the trailer for the movie , but things just went downhill from there . The movie was n't good either by the way - except for the parts with Meryl Streep - she was fabulous , as always , but there was way too little of her.This book was disgusting in so many ways , i.e. foul language , graphic depictions ; things that could have been enjoyable to read were ruined by the way the author expresses herself.Do not purchase this book unless you would enjoy hearing this author
 I am really mad that I spent money on this book because it has almost NOTHING to do with Julia Child , and EVERYTHING to do with this narcissistic author . Most of the book is about her sex life , and that of her friends - which I could n't care less about . This is supposed to be a book about her cooking her way through Julia Child 's book . It is n't . I found the vulgar language she uses constantly to be offensive . I find her disregard for the feelings of others -LRB- her husband , her `` friends , '' her mother , 9-11 victims , New Yorkers , vegetarians , and anyone else who appears in the book -RRB- to be offensive , and her blantant hatred for anyone who is Republican - even going so far as to thank `` the six Democrats at my erstwhile government agency '' and childishly insulting Republicans any chance she can get . Why is she doing this ?? Her humor is contrived - it gets old and BORING after a while , she rotates between whining and boasting about her accomplishments . She is not likeable at all . Another thing I find very disturbing is the presumptuousness of having not only reading group questions included , but also an interview with the author as well as her suggestions for further reading AND an excerpt from her next book !! I could n't even finish THIS book - I certainly do n't care what she suggests I read further . I am not even going to donate this book and subject this horrible person on an unsuspecting public . The movie is lovely , the book is NOT . I am thankful that Julia Child -LRB- or her husband -RRB- is n't around to read this .
 I managed to get through the book , because it became my own insane Julie/Julia/Audrey project . What a waste of my time . I really do n't recall any `` laugh out loud '' moments as promised by the press release . I do n't even like the author very much . Only at the second -LRB- or was it third -RRB- ending did I hold out any hope that Santa finally delivered Julie Powell 's much overdo maturity . I was hoping for some more parallels to Julia Child . For that , I blame the movie hype -LRB- which made me want to read the book in the first place -RRB- . I 'm certain that Nora Ephron 's magic will save this tale - in fact , I 'm counting on it .
 Now I understand why Julia Child had nothing personally to do with Julie Powell 's project . I began reading this afternoon . I stopped 25 % of the way through . I did not want to waste any more of my time . Julia Child had class . Julie Powell does not.The language the author uses ruins any enjoyment of descriptions of the dishes . Any reference to Julia Child is a lame attempt at transfer .
 I went in prepared to love this book , but by the end of it I was shaking my head . It was an interesting enough premise and this author can certainly write well , but I found her to be more than a little self-absorbed . Also , I thought she shared a little too much information about herself , her husband , her family and friends . Then , there is the matter of her four-letter words . If they bother you , beware ! I kept waiting for the author to grow up a little . She seemed a little cavalier in the way she talked about the aftermath of 9/11 , particularly about victims ' families , the `` government agency '' she worked for , and people with a genuine interest who wanted to do something to help . I kept wondering if this was all part of the way she was coping/not coping with the events , herself . If so , that was never explained . Then there were parts of the book I found very off-putting , such as her dirty kitchen , flies and maggots . Unlike `` Under the Tuscan Sun , '' this book did not make me hungry . If you like reading about cooking and food , I would recommend instead anything by Ruth Reichl . `` Tender at the Bone , '' Garlic & Sapphires , '' or `` Comfort me With Apples , '' may be what you 're looking for .
 I think in general this book attracts `` foodies '' when they hear of the `` project '' or if they picked it up in a bookstore and flipped through the jacket . And my wife got it for me for xmas because she knows I love to cook and figured I would like this.The fact is that it should not be marketed to foodies and in general foodies will not like this book . It obviously has significant amount of text devoted to cooking but it is not the majority - the majority is devoted to the unlikeable Julie and her generally unlikeable friends . I think the biggest challenge here is that one gets no sense that Julie likes cooking or food in general - and is engaged in this project for reasons wholly unrelated to food/cooking . So for me a huge disappointment - and for other foodies - you can skip it.Lastly I was very surprised to find out the author was from Texas . I would have guessed New Jersey or Long Island .
 As an avid cookbook and memoir reader , this had great promise -- as did Miriam 's Kitchen for example , which it delivered -- but this was not a good read , not a good insight except into continual expression of frustration about vocation , living conditions , lack of culinary background or skill , ... good venting , poor reading .
 she compared trussed chickens to sex crime victims . I mean really , I suppose that 's an attempt at humor , but I still found it offensive . Do yourself a favor , skip the book and spend some time reading the 1 and 2 star ratings here . They are more entertaining and better written than anything Ms. Powell has put together .
 I have found that blogs-turned-books tend to be terribly written and this one is no different . I certainly hope she was n't trying to paint herself in a more favorable picture because she does not come across as a nice person , treating her husband horribly and being a crappy friend . More than the crummy writing , what irritated me most about this book is that she takes on this ` project ' and then seems to learn nothing at all from it ! I do n't mean cooking skills because she had to have picked up something along the way -- and could you actually talk about that in your book , the cooking part , instead of what is going on with your friends or what other drama you have created in your vodka gimlet stupors -- but actually growing as a person . For example , in either of A.J. Jacobs books you can see him develop as a person , change and grow from what he is attempting to do . Here , Julie just becomes more self-centered and full of herself becuase some people are following her blog . Julia Child thinks you are a joke , does n't that say something as to how your ` project ' is going ? I would not recommend this book to anyone as it was terrible and am sorry that it has recieved as much attention as it has for I know that others will be spending hard-earned money on garbage . I am also very , very saddened to learn that Julie now considers herself a professional writer and has another ` project ' book on the way out . I pity the fools who pick that one up .
 I was so disappointed in this book , and the fact that I spent good money on it ! Loved the movie , and am so grateful it was n't peppered with expletives . By page 45 , I 'd had enough of the author 's foul language , and threw the book out . No , I wo n't give it away , because I can not recommend it . In addition to the offensive language , the author 's excessive use of long parenthetical and wordy descriptions became difficult to wade through
 This book has a promising idea , it 's done to death by the author 's belief that her mediocre life will be of interest to the world at large . I got about a third of the way through and did not learn much about her cooking experieces but I did learn that she likes to use the word -LSB- ... -RSB- , can not keep house , has trouble with her mother , HATES Republicans . We learn a LOT about her childhood sex education . She 's the sort of NYC Resident who makes me glad I do n't live there . There 's doubtless more , but this book made me so MAD I started scribbling remarks in the margin . Presently the book is sitting in my wastebasket - I 'll probably pull it out and try finishing it some day , but I wo n't hold out hope it improves . Thankfully I only paid Five Bucks for this , and I thank GOD I read this before wrapping it up as a gift for my Mother.Only one good thing came from this - I pulled out my old copies of Julia Child 's books - they 're better reading.UPDATE
 I wanted to like this book . I 've curled up with it a couple times now , thinking that I was just being difficult and should give it another chance . I absolutely love Laurie Colwin 's writing , surely I should enjoy this . But I just did n't . I ca n't explain why sometimes cranky writing is warm and endearing and sometimes it is n't , but something is lacking in this book . And while it 's true that she tracks down such things as bone marrow and squab for authenticity 's sake , she misses another recipe 's texture completely because she does n't have a cooking thermometer . Surely every grocery store with even a handful of implements for sale offers a cooking thermometer -LRB- probably for less than the cost of a squab -RRB- ?
 The author is annoying and I could n't finish the book . However this influenced me to rush out and get `` My Life in France '' and `` Mastering the Art of French Cooking . '' I also have `` Appetite for Life '' which is Julia Child 's biography . READ My Life in France . It is Julia Child 's voice , and warm and wonderful.I am disappointed because I really wanted to like this book , since I love Julia Child ... since Nora Ephron is doing the screenplay for the film , maybe it will be worth it.I ca n't imagine Nora even liking this girl Julie . Let 's hope the movie is a good one ... Meryl Streep and Stanley Tucci ... with actors like that , I have hope.I gave Ms Powell the one star because she pushed me to go out and get the other books , and those I love . So I thank her for that .
 ARGHHH!Bought this book as I could not wait for the movie to be released . I usually do not like movies made from books ... Da Vinci Code movie was a tragedy for instance.However , any revise , Hollywood or not , is better than this book.It took me over 100 pages to get used to Julie 's juvenile , disjointed , and muddled style . I actually was critical of myself thinking I do n't read enough from female authors . My husband corrected me and said , `` just go look at your bookshelf . '' I could not stand her writing style . She is not a likable character . She 's filthy -LRB- I would n't step foot in her apartment unless I was wearing a HazMat suit -RRB- . Her anti-Republican diatribes are incredibly immature -LRB- I am a Democrat -RRB- . It 's hard to be critical of conservatives and there vitriol about liberal media when this author rants and rants that Republicans are pigs . She 's not even smart enough to make an attempt to not alienate a large portion of readers.Oh wait , that 's right Republicans dont read and if they did they certaintly would not read a book about cooking or Julia Child because they are too busy eating their young . And lastly , she 's a complete bore ! I had to drink vodka to even finish the book . Such a travesty as I really thought what a great idea this `` Project '' was . Do n't read it if you hope to learn much about Julia Child or even the food that comes from The Art Of French Cooking .
 I only read 2/3 of this `` memoir . '' Before reading I was intrigued by the concept - the author cooking the recipes of Julia Child . Sounds like potential for amusement . I agree with many of the negative reviews below that this is a self-absorbed , whiney author . I found each chapter repetitive - drinking her gimlets , not having sex with her husband , her try-too-hard-to-be-eccentric friends . This book is a case in point that a popular-blog-does-not-a well-written , well-conceived-book-make . I would recommend Ruth Reichl 's memoirs or Peter Mayle 's tales of French food and experiences . Or Julia Child 's `` My Life in France '' -LRB- have n't read that one , but it has * got * to be better than this . -RRB- This book is a poor choice for a reader , a foodie or anyone who abhors whining .
 I could only take so much of the how cute/what a mess/how miserable am I that the author is more focused on in her writings . There is really nothing to learn from this book . If you enjoy reading about food and cooking , may I suggest reading Amanda Hesser 's books or The Supper of the Lamb
 I picked up this book because of its amazingly cute cover . I ultimately put the book down 3/4 of the way through because I just could n't stand to read one more entry in which the author freaks out again . I loved the idea of the book and just to be fair I went and checked out the authors blog . It is indeed hilarious and I could see why the book was much anticipated among her followers . Surprisingly enough , many people had no idea that the book does n't contain any actual recipes . To those particular reviewers , I say shame on you b/c the very least you could have done was skim through the book prior to buying it or taking it out of the library . I knew instantly that it did n't have any recipies . Like DUH !!!!! Anyway , I gave this book 2 stars b/c the quality of the writing was not that good and the author is very whiny . I was especially disgusted by her comments on 9/11 . I felt that they were so cold and careless to the victims and her lack of work ethic -LRB- or whatever you want to call it -RRB- was APPALLING . Unlike other chick lit authors whose characters struggle throughout the book to find a new job/man/etc . . all this author did was whine and complain about it . I have no patience for that and as a NYS taxpayer I could not help but wonder did she write her blog while at work ? Obviously she hated everything about her job and would n't quit until the book deal was done as far as I could tell . I also disliked the political bashing - mainly b/c I felt it added nothing to her `` quest '' . And speaking of quest ... I get that Julie was on a `` quest '' to finish something she started . But really , who cares ? It just was n't that funny ... As far as the cursing is concerned , I could care less . I noticed it and then I moved on . Perhaps this book would be better on audio tape . I suspect it might but only if you take it out of the library . No way in Julia Child 's worst nightmare would I pay for it !
 I liked the idea of the book 's basis ; that is , blogging about learning French cooking by using Julia Child 's book about French cooking . But I could n't stand the author 's personality style as it came through in her writing . It 's not so much that she uses the F-word a great deal , but the fact that she is a whiney , crybaby , mean-spirited person . I feel sorry for her husband for having to put up with her histrionics . My copy is the paperback of 300 pages , and after having read the first 100 pages I can not take any more of her . I 've never felt this way about a book before , but it makes me angry . Sorry .
 I am about half way through this book . I expected to love it , but do n't and can not decide whether to keep on or dump it . A few days later ... . Ok , I did finish it and it never got better . In fact , it got worse . Julie goes on and on about her friends , spends most of her time drunk , lives in an apt that should be condemmed and is NEVER cleaned , then is shocked when she ends up with maggots , yes MAGGOTS , in her kitchen . Please do n't bother with this book . Ca n't believe I did .
 I was expecting more about Julie 's experiences making and eating the recipes of Julia . What I got was a disjointed and profanity laden book which had little to do with Julia 's recipes . Not being a prude by any means , I enjoy profane humor - if done with style however Julie seemed to use profanity more for the shock value . Over all the book was disappointing and since I do n't like to waste time it wo n't get finished . On to the used book store !
 The movie was great , and I 'm amazed that anyone read this book and turned it into workable movie material . While some material is funny , her excessive use of profanity is not clever , and her political opinions are unnecessary . I thought it would be a humorous book about cooking adventures instead of an adventure through neuroses.By the way , on behalf of all conservatives , thank you for letting us know how much you hate us and for alienating me as your reader . I 'm not even a Republican , but rather a Libertarian , which I am sure makes me even more greedy and uncompassionate in your eyes , but your outspoken disgust of all conservatives makes it easy for me to not waste money on any of your other literary endeavors.Now , go apologize to someone for the money you 've made .
 I purchased this book after seeing , and truly enjoying , the movie . Unfortunately , my favorite elements of the movie were completely absent from the book . I did enjoy thinking about preparing many of the dishes from MtaoFC as I read , but I continually missed the movie 's lovely connections to Julia Child 's history and her development as a chef , writer , and teacher.In reflection , it seems to me that Julie Powell fell into a project that captured the imagination of many , and which had a profound impact on her own life . That project , however , did not make her a good writer or an inspiring person . The screenplay writers , on the other hand , accomplished both these goals and made me want to buy Julia Child 's MtaoFC , read more about her biography , and cook for my friends and family.Julia captured my interest ; Julie , not so much .
 I had such high hopes for this book and I was looking forward to reading Julie and Julia . Now that I have started it I 'm forcing myself to finish it . I 'm so disappointed in the book I do n't even know where to start . First let me say that I am a TEXAN and I love Julia Child , I grew up watching her on PBS , and this book is a Total let down . I did n't expect to read about Julie 's childhood or her issues with her husband and family . I thought I was going to read a diary of sorts . I 'm confused as to why everyone has ranted and raved about this book . I 'm more than halfway through the book and as I read on my eyes glaze over and my mind drifts and I have to force myself to concentrate on reading ... I just hope I make it to the end . If you want a good read , read Amanda Hesser 's `` Cooking for Mr. Latte '' , she talks about Julia Child and it 's a great book !
 I eagerly snatched this book up when I saw it in the discount bookstore at my local mall . In anticipation of the movie , I had been wanting to read it . The first couple of chapters grabbed my attention , and I was hooked ... till I got to about the 3rd or 4th chapter . I was very , very interested in Julie Powell 's cooking and blogging experiences , but quickly found out that her book was more about airing the details of her own life , which she considered mundane at the time , and the more exciting lives of all of her friends . I was especially put off by the frequent references to Republicans as if they are all idiots or some lesser life form -LRB- while I do n't consider myself the big R , I am definitely closer to R than D. Besides , I just did n't feel that this type of book was the place to air one 's political slant . There are plenty of books by pundits to read if that 's what I am looking for ... -RRB- . The movie , on the other hand , did not disappoint . I only wish that it had focused solely on Julia ... oh well . I bought My Life in France the day after seeing Julie & Julia and have absolutely loved it . Read that instead ... you wo n't be disappointed .
 After seeing the movie , I knew what I was in for when I read the book . Julia Child is a survivor , a truly original pioneer of the old school , disciplined and humble . She is everything that hipster bloggers , like the author , is not - whiny , narcissistic , entitled , yet full of illusions of her own grandeur and hero-worshipping of everything `` vintage '' and iconic - in this case it 's Julia Child . I was n't surprised Child responded the way she did - who would want to be used as a marketing gimmick and turned into a cultural totem object by a wimpy , girl-woman who has the life experience of an ameoba ? Julia Child must have sensed this and stayed away .
 Poor Julia Child , she deserved a better tribute . Powell is just profane . It is n't the potty mouth so much - just , ick , the joyless , self-referencing , cynical , bedhopping , person-trashing , mother-blaming , are n't - I-funny New Yorkishness of it all . Julia Child was encouraging and uplifting and full of fun . Julie seems to be the antithesis , and it sucks the appreciation from the whole project . Hope the movie is way better .
 The writing was okayish ... But these details from the novel really turned me against the writer . A woman who laments that her life is not like her friends because she 's -LRB- gasp -RRB- married and not having wild sex with all sorts of men and woman , states she loves her husband like a pig loves shot , complains -LRB- repeatedly -RRB- that she 's a failed actress turned secretary when she admits she never attempted acting really speak to a woman who is very immature . Another example - she accidentally drops a very nice dessert before coming into her office . She places the dessert in the breakroom with a sign stating help yourself and then proceeds to tell those people who she knows to share her political ideology that the dessert might contain glass shards and antifreeze .
 Julie and Julia looked so charming , and started out with all of the quirky and surprising humor one hopes for . Perhaps my expectations were too high -LRB- with all the hype and all -RRB- , but when every piece of raw meat illicits an equally raw sexual metaphor , and every mishap results in a crude explosion of shrill profanity ... well , you start to wonder what the heck made you spend the money and time . I have rarely thrown a book away -- it seems sinful ! But , I really do n't want to put a friend or stranger through the muck of it all . Do any of us really need to know the grimy details of Julie 's friends ' exploits with married men ? I read half , skimmed the rest , and tossed it into the circular file . I still look forward to the movie , which appears to expand upon the wonder of discovering hope and beauty , and leaves out the rest . If you are someone who hates nearly everybody , swears like a roustabout , and believes in pleasing yourself despite how it affects others ... . you just might like this book .
 This book would have been ten times better -LRB- and half as long -RRB- if she had stuck to her cooking experiences . I could completely do without her foul mouth and her completely unrelated rantings about politics and sex . This book had great potential , but does n't deliver . I fervently hope the movie version takes out the garbage and only keeps the good stuff .
 A book as messy and nasty as some of the authors unsuccessful attempts at Julia Child 's recipes . Is there anyone so self absorbed as `` Julie '' , so mean and abusive to her husband and coworkers , she would actually feed a left over desert possibly contaminated with shards of glass and antifreeze to coworkers . You actually come to despise Julie and wish the butter ladden recipes would clog her arteries !
 I love both cooking and reading blogs , so I thought this book would be a natural fit for me . Unfortunately , I did n't enjoy much about it . The writing is so-so , and the author 's `` deep thoughts '' that come from her cooking experiences are pretty banal and predictable.I did get a laugh that there are book club questions included at the end - I ca n't imagine that any book club would select this book - there is just not a lot of substance here . I 'd give this one a miss .
 Well , this was quick . I usually read to page 100 before stopping , but frankly , I have so many books in my TBR pile , I am getting pickier . I can see where this book might be a fun movie to attend , but as for reading , I found Julie an unbearable character , with no depth , another gen-xer . The writing was easy reader 101 and I was just bored . I do n't want to be bored , I want a book to grab me and not let go , I want to forget that my bottom is sore from sitting too long . I want to forget that it is 2 am . This book would never do that . So , I put it down at page 63 . I do , however think this will be a fun movie to see and plan on doing just that !
 I wo n't even go into detail . Suffice to say this book is written by a so called '' writer '' . The book is poorly written as is but to top it off the author is a self absorbed , negative , whiny , humorless and thoughtless woman . I am an upbeat person and felt depression settling in as I was reading it . Juia Child has class ... . read her story . If you feel the need to read JULIE&JULIA do n't waste a cent , get it from the library .
 And not necessarily about cooking . Or Julia Child for that matter . What I 'd like to say to Julie is that there 's a line between asserting one 's political beliefs and making misinformed statements and generalizations about large percentages of the US population and trying to hide it behind a premise of culinary experimentation -LRB- which , unfortunately , never really surfaced -RRB- . And I wo n't even mention 9/11 because I lived through it and knowing that ANY person could treat the subject with such disrespect actually hurts me . That alone makes me embarrased that she is a fellow New Yorker -LRB- well actually , she is a Texan who states in the book that New York is a cesspool - she is posing as a New Yorker for what reason I have n't quite figured out -RRB- . One of the best things about real New Yorkers is we are the most liberal AND tolerant people on earth . I believe in freedom of speech and freedom of choice . To me being liberal includes accepting that conservative people have just as much right to be conservative as liberals have to be liberal . Is n't that one of the basic principles of democracy ? I live in New York and am pretty liberal but I do n't consider conservative people pigs or `` pure evil '' or whatever other unpleasant labels this author has for anyone different than she is -LRB- she actually says in the book that she served a souffle or some similar dish that she dropped onto the dirty NY street to her Republican co-workers noting that she warned only the six Democrats in the office that there could be broken glass bits and/or poison in the form of dirt and radiator fluid and such - what kind of person does that and then brags about it in a book for everyone to read ? It 's not funny and she really could have hurt someone . -RRB- . This book should have focused more on the food and Julia 's genius and trying to replicate that genius than in bashing anyone she dislikes -LRB- which is practically everyone including Julia Child herself -RRB- . And who does n't love Julia Child ? JC had a lot of class . Most disturbing of all , Julie got an infestation of maggots and flies from the filth of her kitchen - she never cleaned - there was grease-encrusted cat hair stuck to the walls of her kitchen , she did n't do dishes or any general cleaning at all and only when the maggots arrived and were apparently living there for a while , did her husband finally clean the kitchen for her - in the very last days of the project . I 'm actually surprised that they did n't get really sick living and cooking in such filthy conditions ! And she served other people as well . But this is not all Julie 's fault . Though the idea was brilliant , the author did not have the skills -LRB- verbal or written -RRB- to execute the project . The prose was poor , the editing was poor and a good part of the blame should go to the publisher/editor for not advising this author to stay more focused on the actual premise and to think about the WAY things are said rather than just blurting out offenses to millions of people -LRB- not just conservatives but Indian people , religious people , people who attended the Ivy League and let me not forget that her tone is also very cavalier on the subject of extramarital affairs -RRB- . This was a clear case of an inexperienced , immature viewpoint let loose with no editorial guidance . It had big time potential and I sure do like that cover but considering the sad state of the world right now , the last thing I need to read about is such unhappiness and hatred for others . That kind of hatred and hostility is how the world actually got the way it is today . Her intolerance toward people who are different than she is -LRB- including 9/11 victims -RRB- only perpetuates negativity and does n't really help anything get better . Why not do something positive to make the world a better place ? But apparently , since she felt such disdain for 9/11 victims and their families , I guess proactive is not a quality this woman is endowed with . She could have entertained a lot of people with this and gotten herself on the path of the greats -LRB- the likes of Ruth Reichl -RRB- but I fear she has damaged her ability to get people back on board with a follow-up book . -LRB- I 'm glad I did n't buy this book - got it at a thrift store for 25 cents - I did wonder why it was in a thrift shop so soon after publication but after reading it , it was clear . -RRB- That one star is for the really cute cover.And by the way , no one with any class at all calls Julia Child a BI ** H. Very disappointing .
 So , the premise is promising
 The character was self-absorbed past distraction . In fact , she was so distracted that most of the time she could not get out of her own way . And where was she going ? And why do I want to read about it ? I also found it difficult relating Julia Child 's `` diary '' excerpts to the life-experiences of Julie that they were spliced into . If it was n't a book club book , I would n't have finished it .
 Insufferable . F-bombs , profanity and vulgarity spices this piece of dreck about a whiny , non-stop kvetching excuse in a pseudo-literary exercise . Is it any wonder Mrs. Childs wanted nothing to do with this . This is about the author , her trials and tribulations blogged . It is NOT about the wonderful Julia Childs . If you loved the movie , DO N'T read this book . You got a sense of the author in the movie , and thankfully only that . She rode Julia 's apron strings to hopefully , only 15 minutes of fame . Nothing further redeemable .
 The premise had promise . The execution was shallow , narcissistic , and naive . In short , it brandished every hallmark of the blog it once was.But , let me be clear
 The feeling of sheer relief at having just finished this book might actually make my review slightly more generous than if I had written it when I still had a few dozen pages to slog through . That being said , it was a Herculean effort to not toss this self-indulgent mess across the room 300 + pages ago and instead actually make it to the end.First things first . Powell has to be the most narcissistic , neurotic , whiney , self-absorbed and ungrateful person I have encountered on paper . The scope of her self-absorption is something one encounters in a petulant teenager , but as 30 year old woman Powell seems to have retained that center-of-the-universe egoism , as well as the teenage angst . Her long-suffering husband Eric must be going for sainthood . Powell 's dissatisfaction with all that is her life grows tiresome quickly . -LRB- I suppose reading about anyone else 's identity crisis always is . -RRB- And her contempt for countless others knows no bounds . Republicans , Mid-Westerners , non-theater geeks , grieving families of 9/11 victims , co-workers , friends ... and basically anyone she deems too uncool for her psudeo-hipster self . Lovely.There seemed to be little continuity to the book . I had difficulty keeping track of time and Powell seemed to backtrack often . Add to this the constant filler of details and anecdotes about family and friends alike . While I was hoping for a real entry into Powell 's day to day project , I could have done without the revelation of her father 's extramarital affair , her friend 's bizarre dream analysis , and another friend 's sexual encounters with a married co-worker . As a foodie , I picked up Julie & Julia hoping to be entertained by the magic of a meal well made . But that is not what Powell has shared . While I can admire the fact that she took on such a daunting project , I 'm left wishing I had borrowed this one from the library and saved my eight bucks .
 I loved the movie and looked forward to reading the book . It was not at all what I expected . The movie was a wonderful parallel of their lives , and was sensitive , funny , and tasteful . The book was trashy at best . I loved the Julie in the movie , and disliked the one portrayed in the book . Very little time was spent on her cooking adventure and much was spent on her trashy friend 's sex lives , her drinking adventures and bashing the Republican party . Do n't waste your money .
 I bought this book along with My Life in France . Julia 's book is fantastic . It 's witty , interesting , fun and inspiring . Julie 's book is the exact opposite.Believe all of the lousy reviews . She 's whiny , bitter , angry , mean-spirited and boring . She reminds me of a child who makes a joke , and then has to repeat it fifteen times , just in case you did n't get it the first time . To save you the money and time here 's a synopsis of the book
 Stupid book . And I do n't say that lightly , because in my house , `` stupid '' is the ultimate put-down and not allowed to be used except in extreme circumstances.I know this book won all kinds of `` Readers Pick '' awards , and was a best seller and such , but I hated it . As a matter of fact , I did n't finish it . I was tempted to put it down about 15 times , but I kept slogging away at it because -LRB- a -RRB- I was sick and had nothing else to read and -LRB- b -RRB- I kept HOPING it would get better . It did n't . Worse if possible . I finally put it down forever about 5 chapters from the end . I just could n't take any more.I WANTED to like this book . I was excited to have it to read . I was CERTAIN I 'd like it . The whole premise - cooking every recipe in The Modern Art of French Cooking in one year - what a cool idea ! What a great memoir it should be!The problem is - the book is about 30 % cooking -LRB- and not even cooking well ; mostly she subbed and shortcutted her way through it -RRB- , and the rest a whiney , B **** y rant by a spoiled rotten , self-centered , snotty little brat . Her constant snarking about Republicans - and not even a clever , witty snark , just ignorant , lame insults - were really , really annoying . I have no real love for Republicans either , but I do n't lump them all together and tar them with feathers for simply existing the way she does.I hate the way she treats and talks to her husband , I really did n't need to or want to know about her youthful experiences with her parents copy of The Joy of Sex -LRB- what the H *** does that have to do with Julia Child ??? -RRB- or her friends sex lives -LRB- again - that has what to do with the subject at hand ? -RRB- . And I really , really , REALLY hated her for her gross insensitivity toward the families of the 9/11 victims . Maybe she thought those insensitive things ; fine , we all think mean things . But you do n't write them down and put them out there for all the world to see and think you are some font of cleverness for it , because you are n't - you are just insensitive and mean.What 's worse than the 70 % of the book completely related to her and her alone , is that the cooking-experience-part -LRB- which was SUPPOSED to be the main thrust of the book , but was n't -RRB- was so unsatisfying . I admit , a few times she TRIED to make a recipe as written . But a lot of times she just skipped parts or subbed or whatever . Is n't this experience supposed to be trying to cook all of those recipes , as written ? Why was that less than half the book and could n't she have put a bit more effort into it ? I was impressed she tried to make her own gelatin . That was cool to read . But those tiny snippets of interesting commentary were so few and far between that it drove me crazy.Upon reflection , I think this book depends entirely on whether or not you LIKE this woman . If you like her , you will like the book . If you do n't like her , you will hate it . Because the main thrust of the book is HER and her personality . There 's not enough Julia in it to make it interesting to those of us who enjoy Julia Child .
 I bought this book at full price at the local bookstore because I could n't wait to read it . I am a long time fan of Julia Child and have used her cookbooks for years . Reading her books as one would a novel , I learned a great deal about cooking and ingredients in my early 20 's . I am so disappointed . I find it impossible to read further about this woman 's life -LRB- Ms. Powell 's -RRB- . It is a rambling story about her life with only a sprinkling of Ms. Child . The author is a 20 or 30-something living in New York with a rather mundane and unsatisfying existence . I feel she peddled her story on Ms. Child 's good reputation and life ; and , in turn , did a huge diservice to Ms. Child . Shame on Ms. Powell.But , at least she got out of her lousy secretary job ... with our money .
 I think my title pretty much sums it up . The author 's writing style is n't great - she stumbles over her words here and there . And there 's not enough information about the recipes or even what she cooked in a general sense . I 've just spent ten pages on stuff cooked in aspic ! And the bits that are meant to be Julia 's diary are plain weird - I 'm completely skipping them , and ca n't wait to get to the end of the book.Massively overrated , I 'm afraid .
 I put this book on my Christmas wish list , got it under the tree , hungrily opened it on Christmas night and within minutes I was so disappointed . I love to cook , and have `` The Way to Cook '' by Julia Child , and adore her legacy . Julie Powell hates to cook , and has a miserable approach to life . This book is not about cooking or loving to cook . The subject was a great one , but the writer chose to use this subject as an avenue for releasing her pent up anger towards her family , friends and towards anyone that voted for George W. Bush or any Republican . Ironically , she has no clue about Julia Child -LRB- and even admits this in the end of the book -RRB- . Julia Child was a passionate and intelligent woman , and would be appalled at Julie 's total lack of respect for cooking and life.Julie Powell - wow , did she miss the boat . I 'm sorry my husband paid what he did for her hardcover ! And , I wish I had read some of the reviews of this beforehand , but the subject was just so enticing . I 'm sure and am seeing here now that many other cooks and food and life-loving people have been equally disappointed .
 Having first seen the movie I expected to really enjoy the book . I have to agree with many of the others who have posted here that the movie was far more enjoyable and pleasant than the book . I almost always prefer the book to the movie , this is certainly an exception.I am sure Julie Powell meant her book to be insightful and even humerous but I found her constant political comments and put-downs tiresome and unnecessary , this was not what I thought I signed up for . If I wanted a politically charged book I would have deliberately chosen one.Also the author does seem to be a very foul-mouthed person and enjoys her drink a bit too much for my taste . I read the book by Julia Child , My Life in France , just prior to reading this one and although Julia did drink and was clearly a liberal , I never got the impression that she was a foul-mouthed border-line drunk . Maybe Julie Powell needs to learn that sometimes one can give out too much information about one 's self . She sure does not paint a pretty picture of the enlightened liberal she clearly believes herself to be . I expected -LRB- from having seen the movie -RRB- to really like Julie Powell but the character in the movie was so much more likeable than Julie herself.I do think she in some ways disrespected Julia Child , -LRB- why would anyone call Julia Child a bitch ? -RRB- no wonder Julia was not pleased . It is clear that Julie used Julia 's cookbook as a vehicle to catapult herself into a new career .
 I saw the movie and really enjoyed it -LRB- other than the needless profanities and slams at Republicans -RRB- . When I saw the movie I could not understand why Julia Child did not approve of Julie Powell 's efforts and blogging . I thought that perhaps given her advanced age , she did not understand what Julie was doing . I was wrong . Now I understand completely why Julia Child did not approve of Julie Powell and her efforts . Amy Adams plays a much kinder Julie in the movie than the real Julie does in her book . The Julie Powell in this book is a self-absorbed , profane woman who seems more concerned with complaining than cooking . If you enjoyed the movie and have not read the book , I would advise you to skip the book and enjoy the fantasy the movie put forward . Reading the book is liable to ruin the experience of the movie .
 I love to cook , and I 'm also almost 30 , so when I picked this book up at a bookstore at Grand Central Station a couple of months back , I was excited to read it . I read the first chapter and was n't impressed , so I did n't come back to it for months , until I finally broke down and finished it last weekend amongst laundry loads.Like the other reviewers , I found the book to be very little about cooking , and more about a rather immature perspective on what seems to be a life with little to complain about . I did n't get the impression that Julie even LIKED to cook , so that kinda bothered me , since I thought it would be more of a celebration . She frankly struck me as someone with too much time on her hands who took on the `` Project '' merely for something to do.It was ok , and an easy read , but very self-indulgent and precocious .
 After seeing the film , I looked forward to reading the book it was based on . I loved the movie ! Unfortunately , I ca n't say the same about the book . Usually , the book is better than the movie , but not in this case.I do n't know how Powell was able to get this thing published , except that it was a novelty at the time . The writing is poor , and rambles on about nothing in particular . Not to mention the fact that her use of vulgarity is unnecessary and used way too often to suit any reader . Unlike the movie , the books dose n't go into the preparation of meals and the humor in preparing them . The only light present were the excerpts from Julia Child 's life.All I can say in closing is stick with the movie . If you like the movie , do n't read the book .
 This book was almost unreadable it was written so badly . Julia Child herself criticizes Julie Powell in this book ! Julie leads a shiftless life where she drinks too much and whines constantly . It was so badly written I found myself skimming parts just to finish it . I am so glad I did n't buy the book , but checked it out at the library .
 The premise is good ... but the book was terrible . Plus this woman has the mouth of a truckdriver . I 'm sure that Julia Child is turning over in her grave .
 I thought the premise for this book was very good , and I bought it with the intent to read it and share it with friends . However , I returned the book for a refund after reading less than half of the story.The main character in the story was constantly swearing or crying . The cleanliness of the kitchen was questionable , which was making me lose my appetite for the French food being prepared . The only eggs I want to read about in a book about cooking are the kind that come from hens . I really did not want to know that the main character was able to pay off her credit cards by selling her own eggs - twice ! Parts of the story describe the main character 's job near Ground Zero as an impatient and unsympathetic secretary at an agency that assisted families of the victims of 9/11 . My advice to readers is to read a good portion of this book in a bookstore before you decide to purchase it , especially if you intend to give this book as a gift .
 Luckily I did n't pay full price ... but even at a couple dollars in the used section ... I overpaid . I honestly do n't know how this woman has any friends . . or a nice husband.It took me quite a while to finish as I had to keep putting it down and walking away from it . I found most of it very annoying . But ... I finished and then threw it in the trash . I 've purchased a few other books that met that fate ... and this was just another one that truly belonged there.If you really wish to torture yourself ... go to a garage sale or used book store and buy it . Do n't pay more than $ 1 ... as it 's hardly worth that . You also may wish to drink as heavily as she does while reading . It might help.Can it be this easy to get published ?
 You know how every time a person sees a movie afer reading the book about the same story that the movie is based on , they always walk out of the theatre saying , `` The book was better '' ? Not so with this ; it 's actually the opposite with Julie & Julia. ; Especially since the Julie in the movie seemed so much nicer and likeable than she did in the book.I read this over my first trip to France so I found myself delighted over the Julia parts of the book but not so much over Julie 's . I admired Julie for her attempt to take on cooking every recipe in Julia 's book , which after all is quite extensive , and I loved the way it brought her friends and family all together . I found her writing style humorous at times but boring other times , and those boring times seem to increase throughout the book.What I did n't like was Julie . Although she had admirable qualities for sure , she appeared to be a rather self centered and immature with a lack of general respect for others . If you are young and a Julia fan you may find Julie more tolerable . But if you think having a child is cherishable ; if you feel a deal of sorrow for families of 9-11 ; AND if you like a book to come together at the end , you may not want to read this .
 This was one of the most poorly written books I have ever read . I wanted to read the book before I watched the movie . Just when you think it is getting good it goes back to why am I reading this.The movie was great . Take some writing classes Ms Powell .
 I do n't actually own this book . I took it out from my local library at no cost at all , read about 30 pages or so , and decided that I did not enjoy Ms. Powell 's writing style.The main problem with her writing is that she likes to use salty language throughout , which I do n't like at all . I really wanted to like this book , but even overlooking the bad language , I just could not relate well to it . I 'm just glad I did not spend good money on it .
 I stopped reading after 40 pages . I expected this to be light and enjoyable , but the language was offensive , and I do n't just mean the f word .
 For reasons unknown , Julie Powell embarks on a year long journey of cooking every recipe from Mastering the Art of French Cooking . At the end of that year , there is no growth , maturity , desire to become a chef ... nothing redeeming . Julie is now just psyched that she got a book deal . I found this book very difficult to enjoy . I kept thinking how awful her husband must have felt when he read this , as she speaks so terribly about him . Read ` My Life in France ' by Julia Child instead . It 's a real contribution to the literary world from someone who earned and deserved her book deal .
 I 'll be honest ... I bought the book after I saw the movie trailer , under the assumption that having read the book makes the movie much better . And the movie does star Meryl Streep , one of my absolute favorites . And it is directed by Nora Ephron , who is the director of so many movies I 've enjoyed over the years . However , I 'm not sure even the divine Ms. Streep or the inimitable Ms. Ephron can make me see this one . I really wanted this book to be one of those that simply makes the character -LRB- in this case , also the writer -RRB- so dear to you , you 're sorry the book ends . I wanted to share it with girlfriends and have it return dog-eared and worn , while we laughed and talked over crepes about the parts we liked best , how it must feel to kill lobsters or extract bone marrow or clean kidneys ! None of this happened . In fact , it left me feeling a little `` dark , '' and not at all cheerful . A few reasons : I must say , like some of Julie 's `` bleaders , '' -LRB- and as a mother of four 20-somethings ! -RRB- I quickly grow intolerant of the `` F '' word . There are moments when its placement is strikingly funny , or surprising , or in some way redeemable . Its overuse just smacks of someone with a limited vocabulary.Unbelievably tiresome were the relentless digs at Republicans . I grew resentful very quickly , and I 'm not a Republican !!! Some of the references to 9/11 families were callous.The parts of the book that dealt with cooking , with food , with the search for ingredients , was somewhat interesting , and sometimes funny and entertaining . It really did make me want to get a copy of MtAoFC , and that 's a good thing , I suppose . It did n't , however , make me want to cook my way through it !!! While realizing that Julie Powell was not a professional writer at the time she began the Project -LRB- and in fairness , I never read the blog -RRB- , perhaps she did not foresee the success of the blog , the book , or the movie . What I do appreciate is that she did not attempt to portray herself in a positive light , but rather , it seems , simply said , `` what you read is what you get . '' What we got , in my opinion , is a self-centered , uncaring , inconsiderate Gen-Xer , whom I would n't care to have dinner with , no matter how well she cooks .
 What a self-involved twit the author is . She catalogs her drunken stupidity and her friends ' adultery while pretending cooking Julia Child 's recipes is her `` raison d'etre . '' The book is full of self celebratory information and demeans the poor author 's husband and his seemingly unending patience . What a lucky break Ms. Powell has had , Too bad it is undeserved , if this book is evidence of her worthiness of fame .
 I do n't get it ... What did Julie do that was so amazing ? Write a blog ? I read the biography of Julia Child years ago , my wife and mother used her book for cooking as well as studied in France.The movie would have had been much better without Julie , it seems like a strange twisted obsession on Julie 's part , a means to create publicity and make money.I would not recommend the book nor movie .
 Sad to say I was deeply disappointed in Julie Powell 's book , `` Julie & Julia . '' After attending the theatre on two different occasions to see the movie , the movie left me with an appetite to buy the book . Unfortunately , Julie Powell chose to pepper the book with an infinite number of vulgarness including the `` f '' word countless times.As a writer myself , I know characters , plot , and a great story can be crafted without the constant use of profanity . I chose not to even finish the book due to the enormous amount of offensive use of profanity . Many other good books await my time and energy to explore.I regret having purchased the book . Next time , I 'll stick to borrowing at the library .
 I cook as a hobby when my diet and my budget can afford it . I do not believe this book or the blog for one minute ! A young woman living over a pizzeria working a full time job would not have the money or the time needed to create an average of TWO complicated and expensive recipes every day for a year . Just one cheesecake costs me about $ 15.00 and three hours of my time , not to mention blowing my diet . She 's invented the whole thing .
 The movie was pretty good . The book left me feeling violated , like I needed a hot shower with a strong soap . I do n't blame Julia Child for the way she felt . Had I been Julia , I would have sued to keep my good name from being connected with this piece of work .
 I slogged through this book , waiting , hoping for it to get good ... there are brief flashes of wit , but I ca n't get around the author 's vulgar language and hateful outlook on life . What a bummer!Thankful I picked this one up at the library instead of wasting money on it . If you must read it , I suggest you do the same .
 I bought this book based on the rave revues of the movie . I had not seen the movie as I prefer to read a book then view the movie.I seldom stop reading a book once begun , but I quit this one and returned it about chapter 4 . What a waste of time , print and paper!Julie is a whining obnoxious woman and not even the parts about Julia could redeem this book in my mind . The little I read of the book has left me with no desire to see the movie even though I have heard they smooth out the Julie character for the screen .
 I really thought I would LOVE this book , but Julie Powell 's attitude towards 9-11 victim families and the people pouring out their hearts with ideas for a memorial made me sick . It is the typical liberal elitist attitude toward people she considers the `` unsophisticated '' or the so-called `` great unwashed '' that really could have been left out of this book . Also the nasty attitude towards co-workers who were Republican -LRB- I mean who cares ? -RRB- feeding them dessert you dropped on the street with possible shards of glass ? Really ? I thought compassionate was the mantra , all I saw was ugly . Not suprised Julia did n't like this blog , also glad I bought this book used so no profits went to the author-I 'm sure she would n't want any of my blue-collar money anyway .
 Believe the reviewer who said that if you 're thinking of buying the book , Julie and Julia ... because you loved the movie , do n't . I would probably have heeded that advice , but my memoir book club chose this book for last month 's meeting . I absolutely loved the movie , and I understand now that Nora Ephron quite obviously transformed the real Julie Powell into the engaging , earnest young character who was the perfect foil for Julia Child , whom I have always loved . Meeting the real Powell through her own words is to encounter narcissism , hysteria , cynicism and foul-mouthed fingertips . My tongue is no stranger to four-letter words , and I occasionally slide one onto the written page , but Powell seriously overdoes it . I think that her writing skills are sufficient to describe pictorally the ludicriousness she encounters in NYC , right-wing politicians , etc. without so often resorting to the `` F bomb '' and its siblings . I tried very hard to find compassion for Powell 's narcissism and hysteria by trying to remember how I felt when I was making a life-altering change as I approached 30 . Alas , three decades of water have gone under my bridge since that milestone . So I was left with a whiney memoir in which there was no arc of transformation , simply the ingenious blogging of her cooking foray and the book contract and subsequent movie deal born of the blog .
 I found this book in 2007 on the bargain shelf of Barnes and Noble . I started reading it recently , got bored , then rented the movie , then went back to the book . The movie is really cute . I didnt even know that was Amy Adams playing Julie ! I didnt recognize her . Meryl Streep , perfect as always . Ok so a great , cute movie . The book is totally different though . Julie Powell is no sweet Amy Adams . The part in the movie where Julie says `` I 'm a bitch '' at the bar with her friend , I thought `` No you 're not '' because the movie character wasnt at all . But Julie in the book . Lots of sexual references and I 'm not shocked at all that her new book Cleaving is about her having an affair and her getting into S&M . I could see that side of her from a mile away amidst her cooking these french dishes . I mean the book basically opens with her reading the Joy Of Sex as a preteen . The description of her messy apartment , and then the maggots on the dish drainer ... ugh . I would NEVER eat or cook in such an environment . Just disgusting beyond reason . Like french dishes arent nasty enough , throw some maggots next to it because she 's such a bad housekeeper . Yuck . She 's lucky that her blog got the attention and opened the doors that it did . I dont think the same would happen now since everyone and their grandmother has a blog -LRB- I still write in diaries myself , I dont understand one airing their private thoughts onto the internet for all to see -RRB- . I actually liked the parts about Paul and Julia alot more than I did about Julie and her government job and her cooking and her Eric and her maggots . But those pages were few and far between . I guess I have the original first edition book , which is selling on amazon starting at $ 75 ... so I 'll hold onto the book for that reason . Maybe I 'll sell it on ebay and use the money to buy the ingredients for Beef Bourguignon , which was the only recipe that sounded appealing to me . Mine wont have maggots or flies included .
 The concept of this book made it sound like a fun book to read.However , I could n't get past the second or third chapter . It has to be one of the worst books I 've ever read . The author is more interested in whining about her own life , uses profanity more than I prefer -LRB- especially in a book which is supposed to be about cooking -RRB- , and frankly was n't very interesting.Read My Life In France if you want to learn more about Julia . : -RRB-
 I would give this a ZERO if I could . Oh my word ! I devoured Julia Child 's bookMy Life in France -LRB- Movie Tie-In Edition -RRB- -LRB- Random House Movie Tie-In Books -RRB- ! Julia Child was a wonderful , hard-working woman who made the best of every situation and difficulty . It was superbly co-written with her grand nephew . It also has wonderful pictures taken by her husband , Paul , that documented her experience in France . So , I wanted to tie it all together in a nice bow by readingJulie and Julia
 I bought the book when the movie first came out . I always promise myself that I will try to read a book before I see the movie if I think it will be worth the effort . The book did make me want to take a cooking class and definitely made me laugh a few times but I think it was a little long . I was getting tired of the author at the end with her bitching . I would love to read her newspaper articles since those would be short and sweet and perfectly suited for her writing . Do NOT bother seeing the movie !
 What does flithy language and sex have to do with French cooking ? I thought this would be an interesting book about cooking . French food is to be respected . Julie Powell has no class . The book has many references about sex . She is immature and very disrespectful to Julia Child . I wish I could give this book away but I purchased the Kindle version . Please do n't buy this book . If you want to be inspired about French cooking buy a cookbook .
 As I 'm more than halfway through this book I might as well finish . Julie 's less than amusing encounters with lobster slaughter , for example , are rendered with just enough humor to make her tales palatable . I 'd forgotten how unbelievably disgusting a great many of Julia 's Child 's recipes were until slogging my way through the diary version of Julie 's life with Julia from hoof to flailing claw to beaten lettuce . A slight exaggeration , but not by much.Proof that the human species has n't advanced all that far on a culinary level , if we 're supposed to be amused by all this .
 Please do n't waste your time or money purchasing this book . Our book club decided to read it based on it 's `` good '' reviews . Only one person out of six finished it -LRB- just to get it done -RRB- . The language is foul and the story is boring and drags on , which makes it difficult to follow and finish . Two stars is being generous .
 This book is a fraud . This woman has no talent , which explains why she could not make it in her chosen field . If not for disgusting sexual inuendos , cursing , degrading her husband , `` friends '' or members on the Republican party , there would be nearly nothing between the covers . If people knew what this book was actually about before reading it , they would n't . This is the only book I have ever bought that I will be going back to the store for a refund . This is coming from a woman who is a trial lawyer , a mom , member of two book clubs and can never get enought reading . Skip this garbage .
 I bought the book even after I read all the negative reviews , but guess what ? They were all right !!! This book is a complete waste of time , it 's just a blog , it should have been just a short story , because it 's not entertaining , it 's not special , the writer is just an egocentric woman with no direction and worst of all , with no writing skills.Please , go buy something else , and do n't waste your time with this book.If you want really entertaining books about cooking , chefs , etc. , buy something by Anthony Bourdain ! He does rock !
 The movie Julie & Julia was charming , really teaching me to love Julia Child 's cooking and her hard work . This book , and Julie Powell , however , are a waste of time . The script for the movie takes huge leaps to improve her and make her likable . What 's more , take five minutes to read her blog and you will see she is a prejudiced , mean spirited , selfish kind of gal . Her temper tantrums in the movie are fully representative of her true self . She curses like a sailor , despises people who dont agree with her , and is NOT the gal represented in the movie . She should take a job ministering to others , then maybe she could learn to write -LRB- and live -RRB- .
 I read this book because I saw the film which I loved . I was also interested because I thought the book would be a lot like the film and both characters would be represented as in the film . It was n't . Julia was barely in the book at all . At last I gave up and only read half of it . The one good thing about it is , it encouraged me to buy the book Julia Child
 I just do n't know if I can make it to the end with this one . I feel like I 've struggled with myself to get to the 3rd chapter , which is where I 'm at tonight . It 's just . . whats the best word to describe it ... narcissistic . . I wish I read the reviews before I bought this book .
 Pretty disappointed with this book after watching the movie . A lot of times the book is much better than the movie , in this case , it was the exact opposite . A big part of this is the excessive use of profanity . Do n't let your kids pick this up around the house . Needless to say , we took this copy out of circulation .
 I expected the book to be more charming focusing on trials/triumphs of food and disappointed did n't at leastoffer up a few recipes . I went to the halfway point thinking it was going to get better but skimmed ahead thenabandoned it altogether . I would agree with most of the other reviewsthat this is very disappointing and focused too much on sex antidotes of everyone in the book -- it was embarrassing.And the constant vulgar language was overbearing . See the movie-skip the book .
 I have to agree with the one-star reviews and join the folks who just could n't make it past the self-absorbtion , whines , and pointless vulgarity . I gave up at page 45 . What kind of foodie makes comments like `` I never eat carrots '' and `` then we got the eggs ? '' After all her research on and idolization of Julia , Julie still does n't understand what it means to have true class . She 's just another foul-mouthed blogger .
 I saw the movie first and it ruined the book for me . -LRB- usually the other way around -RRB- My advice is to see the movie ! Too much of the F-word and yucky detail of peoples sex lives . I did not finish the book .
 My book club is reading this book . A friend loved it and said it was a quick easy read . I hate it , hate it , hate it and have from the first few pages . The main character is boring , profane -LRB- for no apparent reason except lack of class -RRB- and whines about everything . The only thing I 've enjoyed is the tiny bit about Austin , where I grew up . I adored Julia Child who was one of a kind . The author should be ashamed using her singular greatness to make money with this crass garbage .
 From time to time , I get so excited about reading a book that I rush out to buy it thrilled at the prospect of coming home to dedicate myself night and day to its pages . Last weekend I felt the familiar pang when looking to get some Julia Child DVDs and the book Julie and Julia kept popping up . It is a story based off a depressed temp who decided one year that the best way to get her life put together was to throw herself headlong into a year of passionate cooking . She determined to do all of the roughly 560 recipes from Julia Child 's Mastering the Art of French Cooking with brains , liver and all . What is not to like ? Stories of a woman in Queens learning to butcher meat , extract bone marrow and all sorts of delightful ingredients ! So , I made up my bed with the most lovely sheets , turned on my beautiful crystal reading lamp , and burrowed in . It was exactly what I did NOT want it to be . The prose was clumsy , course and reminded me of a teenager who was overly excited about swearing without getting in trouble . There was far too much discussion of her politics and conversations of how Republicans -LRB- her former employers -RRB- were the scum of the earth . Occasionally she focused on the experiences of actually bumbling through recipes , but often those were glossed over for trite observations and lewd dialog . Towards the end of the book , she actually talks about a interview she held with a reporter from The Times and Julia Child herself discussing the author 's Julie/Julia project . She wept as she talks of how in the interview , it became apparent that Julia Child hated her . Julie sobbed and has a chapter of her grief at discovering that her idol considered her a twit . I knew I was in good company ! I think she is a total twit too ! So , it almost killed me , but I went ahead and finished the book last night so that I could get a new book today and move beyond her terrible , terrible book . So , if the book is given to you as a gift , you do n't mind reading a thinly veiled poser 's self indulgent journal , enjoy ! I just have one thing to say ... NOT IT !
 It was n't well-written , it was n't well-organized , the narrator 's personality did n't appeal to me . I just could n't read more about her ungrateful whining about how bad her job is -LRB- without her government job there would be no sticks of butter to cook with -- that 's how life is -RRB- and her too-intimate details about how her crazy her friends are . Just sounded like a blog I 'd probably never read , and a whole lot less recipes than I expected.But the movie was super-good . Amy Adams , and otherwise beautiful actress , reduced herself to a homely tomboy yet still made the character likeable -LRB- unlike in the book -RRB- and Meryl Streep , of course , made an excellent Julia . This is a credit to their acting skills.Don ' t read the book , not even if you get it for free . Just watch the movie .
 Okay technically I did not finish it . I have never heard a narrator be so condescending and ignorant . I ca n't even continue with this book . It 's hardly about food and all about Julie complaining about EVERYTHING even her husband who she is practically controlling as if he were a pet instead of a human being ! I was expecting this to be really good , but based on what I did read it did not live up to my expectations . Julie jumps around way too much and her writing is filled with a large vocabulary which can be great , but it gets too confusing . Plus , she 's barely focusing on the recipes . I thought this was supposed to be about a recipe everyday not every 10 + days . She does n't like to clean and she has maggots in her kitchen because of it . She 's bored with life and it definitely shows when she constantly curses in almost every statement . I mean we all have our moments of foul language , but she sounds so cocky and it 's as if she does n't give a crap about anything . I am so unbelievably disappointed in this book . I always read the book before I see the movie and this time I think I 'll pass on the book . Maybe when I 'm around Julie 's age I can finish this , but for now I need something with a bit more class and dignity .
 I was excited to purchase this book and read about the daunting task of cooking through Mastering the Art of French Cooking . It was one of the worst books I have ever read . The author is a whining , self-centered , profane individual-no wonder Julia Child refused to connect with her . Living near Santa Barbara , many of us have had contact with Mrs. Child , and her joy of life and courtesy to all came across beautifully . The movie was good-the premise of cooking through French Cooking great-I bet Julia Child would have loved to meet the movie 's more likeable and gracious character . I had to stop reading this horrible , trashy book not quite half-way through , then skimmed the ending . Sad
 I am an avid reader . I have read numerous books ranging from biographies , to vampire books , and then there 's this book which quite frankly in my opinion makes Ron Jeremy look like a child 's cartoon character . The ridiculous overuse of profanity in this book caused me to put the book down for good after only reading 1/3 of it . In my opinion , Julie Powell would have done better writing a satanic pornography book rather than a book about her journey with Julia Child 's Mastering The Art Of French Cooking . I was greatly disappointed and I have to admit that just reading this 1/3 of the book , I 'm not going to rush to the nearest theater to see the movie . I will wait and rent it and hope for the best . I also did not like the fact that Julie made derogatory comments about the mourners of those lost in the 9/11 attacks . It 's one thing to not agree with your government , but by making a mockery of it , that is simply unpatriotic .
 I was not expecting this to be great literature or anything , but I at least thought it might be a breezy , fun summer read . I was wrong . This book is SO tedious . I found myself skipping entire sections , hoping that the story would pick up . It never did , and I finally put it down around page 50 or so . Powell is just not a good writer at all . Blogging about dinner is probably right up her alley as a writer . I saw the movie which was thankfully much , much better . The movie took out all the parts of the book that just did n't do anything for me , like her brother `` Heathcliff '' and her dad 's birthday dinner . As a reader , you wonder why she includes all that stuff . It just seemed like `` filler '' to me .
 What a disapointment . I thought it would be a fun read , someone working through a life crisis by cooking their way through Mastering the Art of French Cooking Volume 1 , but I threw the book in the trash after reading the first few chapters and thumbing through the rest . The profanity , baseness and the f-bombs are inappropriate and do n't add anything to the content .
 I was expecting to see a book with recipes !! -LRB- This was a gift for my seventeen year old granddaughter -RRB- It was not only NOT a cookbook with a story , but the language was inappropriate for a teenager and I found it totally unacceptable !!
 After seeing the movie and being surprised at how much I enjoyed a story presumably about cooking , which I do n't do , I was eager to read the book it was based upon . Enjoying Julie Powell 's sense of humor and blog style , I thought that a book could only provide more background and detail of the story that intrigued me.That said , this is perhaps an instance in which a movie really was more than enough information . That time limit meant audiences got the gist of Powell 's year of trying to complete all 524 recipes in Julia Child 's `` Mastering the Art of French Cooking , '' without actually having to * see * them all . In the book , on the other hand , it felt as though we were with Powell for each and every recipe -- which I do n't think even hardcore culinary afficionados would care for , instead preferring to hear about the highlights -LRB- like particularly humorous or disastrous results -RRB- and the end result.In addition to the cooking project , Powell also writes about her personal dissatisfaction with her life as she approaches thirty . This includes her temp job working for a New York government agency , her husband and family , and the hijinks and problems of her close friends . While a bit of background is good , so that we know what motivated Powell to embrace such a project in the first place , a lot of the side anecdotes seemed like filler and just plain did n't `` go '' with the overall plot of the book , either.While this was n't the worst book I 've ever read , overall I have to say I could n't really recommend it , either .
 Foul language . Filth . Narcissism . Maggots . Ugly attitudes.If any of this sounds good to you , by all means buy it . But after handling this book long enough , I want to wash my hands.Julia Child would smack this author with a frying pan . Anyone who has explored this book for any length of time would make no effort to stop her.Blech .
 I could n't get past the foul language and the uninteresting tone of the author 's writing . I gave it twenty or so pages and then returned it to the library .
 This book dragged on . Julie is incredibly whiny , and it seemed every other page she was ready to give up her project . Please , do ! If you want a truly delicious memoir , read Julia Child 's `` My Life in France , '' David Lebovitz 's `` Sweet Life in Paris , '' or Ruth Reichl 's `` Tender at the Bone . ''
 This book was so horrid that I could not finish it . Instead of being the charming story that it is purported and promises to be , the novel is filled with profanity , disparages her poor husband , and describes , among every other vice , how the author is addicted to pornography as a child . It was so incredibly repulsive that I had to put it away and has even tainted my view of the film . If you want a good read about cooking and chefs , stick to Julia Child and Alex Prud ` homme .
 I am an enthusiastic amateur cook , who also loves to read . However , having grown up in US I admit I never heard of Julia Child until I married and moved here -LRB- my mother-in-law is a big fan -RRB- . I thought the basis for the book to be a very clever idea , and I can see how it would be an interesting blog . Unfortunately , rather early on in the book , I found the writing to be of a rather humdrum quality . There were flashes of good writing , but they were too few and far between to sustain interest . I struggled as much as I could , but I could n't finish it . This is the quality of writing that makes me think anyone can get a book deal - maybe even me !
 I thought the book was going to be a fun to read chronicle of a the author 's cooking experiment . Wrong . She describes selling her eggs like someone else might describe holding a garage sale to raise a few extra bucks . When she described a very disturbing scene that involved a deranged woman deliberately and publically bashing her head into the concrete , and then managed to turn it into a self indulgent pity party for herself without skipping a beat , I closed the book and took it back to the library .
 I had high hopes when first picking up this book . I had seen it before on the shelves , before the movie previews started on TV , but I passed it up . After seeing how cute the movie looked and seeing it was a film by Nora Ephron , the woman behind the great films Sleepless in Seattle and You 've Got Mail , then I decided to give it a try . I started to read the book , got into it , maybe 50 pages in thinking , `` This is cute , I think I 'm going to like this . '' I then started reading further into it and was very disappointed . Not only was it very long and boring , but the author has the tendency to not translate the meaning of what she 's cooking , since all of the recipes have French names . Bless you if you can get through this book . I am an avid reader and usually will read almost anything but this was n't something I could . Watch out for another book she has coming out in December called ` Cleaving ' , a more detailed of the same story told in this book .
 It took almost a month to get the book and it was not quite what I expected . I was hoping for a fun book to read and its borderline boring !!
 I was looking forward to reading this book since I have always loved Julia Child and love to Cook . How dare this Woman use Julia Child to promote her hatred towards our President of the United States and the Republican party ! I honestly tried to overlook her constant bashing of Republican but when I got to page 191 where she insulted more then half of America by calling Republicans `` Pure Evil '' . I took that personally since I am a Republican and did this Author realise she just insulted over 50 % of the population who voted in the last election for President Bush ? I guess she did n't care . I 've decided to throw this woman 's book away , actually I think I will take great pleasure in ripping it up into a million pieces then burn it .
 I thought this was a pretty bitter screed that was more about her life and self-absorbed -LRB- as well as self-indulgent -RRB- negativity than Julia Child or food . I was also embarrassed for this woman 's husband , whose dirty laundry was aired in a book ostensibly about cooking . I was really disappointed with the whining .
 This book is not at all about cooking or Julia Child . This Julie Powell loves to swear which I find very offensive . I could n't read more than a chapter before I threw the book away . Not worth donating , I would n't want anyone else to read this book . It 's too bad that she made some money from the sale of this book . I bet that most of the people that bought this book would take a refund if they could . Terrible book , do n't waste your time or intellect . If you want a fabulous book , read My life in France , by Julia Child . Any excellent read .
 I agree with those who said the profanity and confusing writing led them to stop reading . I could not make myself keep reading this book . I hope the movie is better ... I thought the book was terrible .
 As you may know already , this is the story of a 30-year-old secretary who decided to embark on making all the recipes in Julia Child 's seminal cookbook in a year . There 's a lot of -LRB- and I mean A LOT ! -RRB- drama in the book with the author 's job , cooking project and other interpersonal relationships , and I 'm not sure that it 's the good kind of drama.It 's kind of fun to read about her cooking experiences , but the author 's style is very erratic and almost ADD-like , which makes it very hard to follow . You have to be in a generous state of mind to finish and maybe enjoy this book -LRB- which I was -RRB- . I have to agree with other reviewers that in the end , this is a pretty self-absorbed book about Julie 's cooking project and life , reminiscent of another surprising hit `` Eat , Pray , Love '' . I guess if you are into reading the complaints and whining of a pretty damn lucky person 's existence and experience , this is the book for you . Despite the endless rant about how difficult and hard her life was , I liked the parts where she actually described her cooking project .
 I am a fan of her blog , and got this book with high hopes . What a disappointment . I stopped reading after a couple of chapters due to pure boredom . I recommend that she publish a book consisting of her blog entries . It would make a more entertaining read .
 Humourous writing style but not Fran . Having some experience in blogging , I know that you just dont * post a blog * and get strangers to hit it . She had some inside help on this . . or maybe she glommed onto a Julia Child blog . No wonder Julia was irritated with her.I suspect Julia threw up her hands when she learned that the author was attempting to make one of her recipes in the midst of maggots . While the author may have found that cute and self-deprecating , I found it disgusting.And by the way . . if you disapprove of the politics of the people who are paying your salary -LRB- at the time the book was written , the taxpayers had voted Republican and the author was living on the taxpayers -RRB- show some principle and go work for some other entity that will tolerate your apathy , ennui , and frequent sick days . We get it , you are a Democrat , you are too good to work for Republicans , and you have maggots in your kitchen . And you are absolutely too smart for your job . Well ... the reader is wondering ... if you are so smart ... why do you have that job ? Perhaps because working for the government is all you can acccomplish?Ok . . I like to cook , I 'm not an expert , would not eat kidneys etc. . Admire her effort if not her housekeeping ... wonder if it really happened however ... or if it was all a fake.Bottom line this was a mildly amusing tale . . have read better blogs about more interesting subjects and I 'm certainly glad I did not buy it in hard cover . And , I sincerely suspect it was not true.Except the maggots . . I believe that happened for sure .
 What a shock to see the darling movie was based on this pile of trash . This woman admitted to working for the government -LRB- yes , you and I paid her salary -RRB- and bashing the very folks who called in for sympathy or help , including those who lost loved ones on 9-11 . Disgraceful ... bashes Republicans ... obviously another liberal freak who fills the book with low life comments about sex toys and dildos ... at least the pages at the beginning -LRB- I could n't stomach any more than about 60 pages -RRB- . . The worst of all ? In the paperback I bought for 13 cents at a library book sale , the first three pages are just full of fabulous paragraphs reviews recommending this book for all to read ... our society 's sure messed up when literary ` experts ' can read and then recommend this trash ... Mine goes right where it belongs . . in the dumpster .
 Not the greatest book I 've ever read . It arrived in good time and in excellent condition .
 I was really looking forward to reading this book , but could n't get more than 50 pages in when I had to stop . I bought this book thinking it was about the ups and downs of trying to follow Julia Childs ' French recipes , but it had little of that . It 's mainly filled with whining , bad language , and her overall immature views on life . If you want a book on food steer clear of this one .
 The worst part of this book is that it 's just boring . It 's also crass and unsubtle , and at no time was I persuaded that the author actually enjoys food . It 's interesting that Julie Powell got a book deal out of her experiment , but I ca n't imagine why . Paid five bucks for it at Barnes & Noble . Could n't finish it .
 I was so excited to read a book by someone whom had accomplished such a tome ~ Chef Julia Child 's co ~ authored and written for Americans , : Mastering the Art of French Cooking , Volume I.Then , as I began to `` get '' involved in the story line , shocked . Julie could not complete ONE PAGE without Profanity.Why ? I have made many `` prat ~ falls '' in the Kitchen and extreme profanity did not make me feel better!I returned my barely read copy for my money back ! I 'd rather have Volumes I & II of `` French Cooking '' that cost LESS and are True Poetry.Julie , Yes You made `` skads '' of money and `` happy for ya , yet , honestly , would not want to be ya . '' -LCB- I did get my copies of both voloumes through my book club . -RCB- Also , rely on Amazon and other well established web sites I trust .
 The author has a good sense of humor so there are many funny moments , but in general , there is n't a lot of substance here . Definitely do n't pay full price for this one !
 I finished this book because I never pass judgement on an incomplete reading.For those who love and revere Julia Child as I do -- this work will sicken you . -LRB- Slander and gratuitous potty-mouthed language aside ... the maggot infestation will SICKEN you . -RRB- I can not believe they are making a movie from this . Scratch that . We live in 2007 ... Britney Spears is the most recognized female in the western hemisphere . Bring on the movie , I guess . I 'm certain it will be a hit.I have disposed of this book . I would have burned it but book-burning gives me a creepy sort of vibe . This book now resides in my garbage bin . No maggots , though . I clean my kitchen daily .
 I had hoped to read cooking stories , instead I found Julie & Julia to be a foul-mouthed treatise on sex , politics , bigotry , bad manners , drinking and other not-so charming things.Ms . Powell describes her job working with the families of the 9/11 victims as `` emotional sh ** work '' . She complains constantly about her biological time clock ; throws temper tantrums in her doctor 's office ; openly confesses to having sold her `` eggs '' -LRB- twice -RRB- for money to pay off credit card debt ; and brazenly shares about her sloppy house keeping
 Here is the plot summary of the entire book : A foul-mouthed , foul-minded , narcissistic , whining American secretary/wife spends one year on French cooking.The only redeeming points of the book are the occasional interesting metaphor and some information on Julia Child.Please do not waste your time on this book -LRB- and on a different note , add tons of butter to ... or ladle over ... any dish you make and it will instantly become a `` French '' dish . That is the grand secret to French cooking . French dining calls for a large tub of butter on the table next to the French dish . -RRB-
 What I expected was an innocuous read about Julie 's adventures working her way through MTAoFC interspersed with anecdotes about Julia Child . This is not that book . There has been relatively little about either her adventures cooking or about Julia Child . For the most part , there is a lot about the sex lives of her friends and family with some gratuitous political speeches thrown in . I 'm not particularly interested in the sex lives of strangers , so I did n't find that interesting . As far as the politic references ... if I want to hear about politics I will turn on the news . The references in this book are particularly jarring because they have little , if anything , to do with what she is actually talking about . On the other hand , if you like Sex in the City , you will probably enjoy this book.I actually bought a paperback copy for my mother for Christmas and then decided I 'd like to read it myself so I bought the Kindle copy . I 'm not thinking that my mother , who is in her 70s , is going to appreciate this book . In fact , I 'm busily trying to figure out how to tactfully suggest she let me replace it with something else -LRB- that is , when I 'm not kicking myself for wasting my money on this book twice -RRB- .
 I am not sure where I first heard about the movie it might have been a preview at the theatre.Anyway , over the weekend I saw this book at Wal-Mart and picked it up thinking it would be good . The cover shows a lovely picture of Merle as Julia and the actress who plays the author Julie in the movie . A lovely cover that does not reflect the content of this book I am sorry I spent the money and wish I had not because part of that will go to the author and I would prefer not to support or encourage her.Let me explain why I have such strong feelings about this , I am an avid reader , always reading and looking for interesting books ... I find the author who does not mind letting you know she does not believe in God using His name constantly in her writing as a curse , this is offensive and I finally took a pen to begin blocking out all the instances . Since she also admittedly `` curses like a sailor '' a trait she gets from her mom , I also ended up blacking out all the `` F '' words that took a lot of ink . I kept expecting there to be some redeeming value in this Best Seller , something but unfortunately , at the end there is not.This is the story of a woman and her husband who both have has a problem with alcohol , they drink excessively not just a drink every day but drunk and hung over more than is natural or normal .1 . She is a secretary and she uses the word and the description of her job as a put-down , after all , she drinks and has all these issues because she is a secretary so she is trying to find a way to make a buck and get out of this terrible job .2 . She works in a state agency in NY that she does not identify I understand if I were that agency , I would not want to be associated with someone who makes fun of and ridicules my clients . She takes messages and phone calls from people who suggest ideas for the memorial from 9-11 . Which she also ridicules , the office is right next to the hole , and she has to help with Family Day ... what a bother all those crying people .3 . She may be working with great menus from a famous cookbook but from the descriptions , her kitchen is disgusting , cat hair , dried food , and filth everywhere and there are several days where she does not shower , figure in the hangovers and general filth she lives in and it is disgusting .4 . Oh and how does she get the cookbook she decides to try to make something out of , she steals her mom 's book . Mom has had and used this book for 40 years and while she is home , she sneaks it into her suitcase , what a kid .5 . However , she is not a kid she is 29 going on 30 while writing this blog and cooking so she is old enough to understand how to write a blog but not mature enough to leave out the cursing even when her bloggers ask her to lighten up and then she puts all that nasty language in this book .6 . She also like to poke fun at the people in the agency she works for because they take their work seriously , because she is neither wise nor dedicated and admittedly takes the job just to have one . She wanted to be an actress but did not like to go to casing calls so consequently did not get any jobs .7 . She also makes several disturbing references about shooting people in power , either herself or her brother .8 . The author ridicules other Christian beliefs as well as normal American concepts because she is so above the need for moral guidelines with her own beliefs , which are not existent .9 . This book is being recommended for reading groups and has discussion questions in the back , before your Christian Book Club mistakenly picks this one you may want to discuss if it is worth wading through all the filth , especially the disturbing and constant use of God 's name in vain.I would be happy to lend my copy to anyone , usually I pass books along to my daughters or donate them , but I do not want to inflict this on anyone who is not interested and for the same reason do not want anyone to spend money that will encourage this type of trash writing . I enjoy good books ; this is just obviously not good literature and not worth spending money on.I can not tell you how disappointed I was because I had looked forward to seeing this as a movie thinking it would be good entertainment . I know books can be different from the movie that follows if anyone has seen the movie and has another opinion I would welcome your comments .
 I picked this up because I heard about it endlessly on NPR and trusted them to direct me to a great book . I was sadly disappointed . Julie Powell tried to tie together a series of disparate blogs into a meaningful and humorous account of a year but did n't succeed very well ; I felt like I was bouncing from one story to another to another without any strong connections between them and , unfortunately , there was n't much humor or well-rounded characters to make up for it -LRB- Julie , the one fully fleshed character , was more annoying that sympathetic -RRB- . I do n't recommend this at all . Believe it or not , I 'm sure the movie will be better .
 If you 're going to spend the money , then buy a book written by Julia ... not Julie.It 's rather shameful that this author would use the good name of Julia Child to hock her soon-to-be-forgotten book . And even more shameful are those who bought it . But , as P.T.Barnum might have said
 The idea and the book was a great . I found her gutter language was totally unnecessary . There are so many beautiful words in the English language . Too bad she does not use them .
 This is one of the rare cases where the movie is better than the book - way better ! The rest of the `` 1 '' reviews will suffice for explanation .
 I agree with Julia Child - I do n't care much for Julie Powell either . She spews contempt for Republicans , Texans , New York and New Yorkers , has unnecessarily bad language throughout the book , and at one point finds it acceptable that a friend is engaging in Internet sex with a married co-worker on the opposite coast . Sorry , she 's just not my kind of person.Many people around age 30 are struggling to establish their identities and are trapped in mind-numbing directionless jobs . Like many , Julie found something to do
 I got the book after having watched the movie twice . Nora Ephron 's movie makes Julie Powell out to be a quirky , fun person who takes on a daunting task , perseveres through many challenges , and learns life lessons from following in Julia Child 's giant footsteps . Nora also splits her screen time between the two characters , drawing interesting comparisons between the two women.Unfortunately , Julie Powell 's character in the book comes off as whiny , self-centered , alcoholic , and intolerant . In the movie , Julie is thrilled and amazed that people start reading her blog and commenting . In the book she scorns her readers , amazed that anyone would waste their time . The way she mocked their interest in her blog was unpleasant , along with her lack of respect for her long-suffering husband . I read about a third of the book , but there are too many good books I have n't read yet to waste more time on this one .
 I was very excited to read Julie and Julia as I am a fan of French cooking and Julia Child but after a couple of chapters Julie Powell 's profanity was almost unbearable . I did finish the book but I do n't recommend it to anyone without first telling them she has the worst potty mouth I 've seen in awhile . The movie was much , much better .
 I had heard about this book and the author 's blog , so when I ran across it in the `` bargin books '' section I was excited to get such a deal on a book ! In hindsight , the low cost should have been an indication about the quality of the writing , as the book was not really worth the $ 4,99 I spent ! I was expecting a fun book focusing on her project , the challenges with cooking and other adventures that she had while cooking her way through a great cookbook , but I was sorely disappointed . The author went on and on about her personal life , her job at a government agency and her relationships with friends and family . It is more like a diary of the author 's life with the cooking project being a side-note . I really would have enjoyed this book more if she simply wrote about the recipes and her experiences with them , than her life in general .
 Just before a quick trip to France I plucked the abridged audio book of Julie & Julia off my desk and tossed it into my carry-on bag . It seemed fitting to listen to a book about Julia Child and her book , Mastering the Art of French Cooking , while winging my way to France.Since I 'd heard a great deal about the book , I later read the actual book to compare it to the abridged audio version.The author reads the audio book and does a brilliant job . As someone who dislikes anything and everything about cooking , I admired her perseverance in tackling such a huge project in one year.Powell writes in a manner that could be termed a quirky stream of consciousness that is interesting and often quite funny . Generally I enjoyed her offbeat writing and the people that make up the landscape of her life . At other times I found her coarse , juvenile , whiny and disrespectful in a way that was n't at all funny . It was trite and disrespectful and made her look uncaring.I found her generalization and stereotyping of Republicans as evil people , sad yet interesting , since Democrats call for the acceptance of diverse beliefs . Apparently that only goes for them and not others . As a Kennedy Democrat of yesteryear I was embarrassed . Somehow the title did n't fit Powell 's banal rants . Her language certainly was surprising . And then there were the 9/11 references . I wanted to discontinue at that point . Her disdain for the victims families , well , I have no words to adequately express my feelings.That said , Powell exhibits talent and is free to express her beliefs . I hope she puts it to better use in her next outing . Perhaps she 'll grow up a bit , and latch on to some wisdom before then . I hope so because she has a gift that needs some fine-tuning and direction . If she does n't , she might find that she 's lost fifty percent of her audience . Maybe more if you include the older folks of similar political leanings.Armchair Interviews says
 This book has very little to do with cooking or the amazing Julia Childs . It is more an account of Ms. Powell 's chaotic and unremarkable life . References to Julia and Paul Childs are sparse and oddly placed . Time spent chronicling work in the kitchen -LRB- which was fairly interesting -RRB- was vastly overshadowed by incoherent rants about family and friends . Attempts at wit were forced and not particularly funny . I generally smile at chiding by opposing political parties ; however , I found Ms. Powell 's persistent irreverent generalization of Republicans as unemotional and `` piggy '' annoying . I was particularly troubled after reading the cold account of her job consoling families a year post 9/11 as `` emotional sh ** work '' . WOW - I 'd rather blow my nose on my t-shirt than have this woman hand me a tissue ! I feel a little defeated but will be closing this book for good on page 99 . I reccommend checking this out at the library and saving the hard-earned $ 25 .
 I was looking forward to this book and , as I was reading it , became increasingly disgusted . Ms. Child was bright , exuberant , gracious , and courageous . Her marriage and friendships were positive and loving . All in all , even apart from her influence on cooking/eating , she was a worthwhile person in every respect.Ms . Powell is a self-indulgent , whiny , neurotic and colossally boring brat . She treats little annoyances like world disasters , she is a miserable spouse and friend , and she revels in her self-indulgent immaturity . For her to exploit the life/name of Ms. Child is a travesty and it is a shame that she made a dime doing it.I immediately re-read the wonderful `` Appetite for Life '' after wading through Ms. Powell 's dreck and nothing could have more clearly emphasized what an utter waste Ms. Powell 's book was . She expressed dismay that Ms. Child was negative about her blog -- my guess is that Ms. Child would have been understandably disgusted with Ms. Powell whatever her topic .
 This was a gift -- requested and much anticipated . I 'm sorry my son wasted his money on my behalf . Yes , I 'm a `` foodie , '' and foodies are going to be as disappointed as I was in this book . I 'm also an avid reader , and the premise of this book was irresistable . Ugh ! I had to force myself to finish it . It had absolutely nothing to do with food , as I know and love it ; it was all about the author , her dysfunctional husband/friends , her wretched living conditions , and her frequent alcoholic binges . Julia Child -LRB- whom I met more than once in my youth , since she was an acquaintance of my mother -RRB- was right to wash her hands of the whole thing . I 'm donating my copy to the library . I would NEVER pass it along to a friend !
 In a nutshell , this book stinks . It 's more about the trials and tribs of a 30-year-old in a dead-end job in New York than it is about Julia Child or cooking or food in general . And the whole book is larded with profanity which serves no purpose , except perhaps to bolster the author 's hipster creds . But at the end of the read , where are we ? Roughly the same place we started , except in need of a shower . Because of the book 's great potential , I think it 's fair to call the book a huge failure
 I was really disappointed with this book . I 'm sorry I purchased it . Our book club read it and then we went to the movie - the first time I 'd say the movie was better than the book ! And it was mostly better because of Meryl Streep , and I wish the whole movie had been about Julia Child , with no part of Julie.The writing is very poor . She does n't even make the food sound good , which was so disappointing in a book about cooking Julia Child 's recipes . I was so tired of all the COMPLAINING . She complains about her job , her apartment , her friends , her move , her husband , and what 's up with all the profanity ? I wanted to yell `` grow up ! '' half the time I was reading it . Sometimes complaining is okay - like when it 's funny ; comedians have made quite a living with that , but hers is n't funny , it 's just annoying.I was so bothered by the way she treated her husband when he was having a migraine - absolutely deplorable . It 's terrible that she did it , but then to write about it shows her to be selfish and narcissistic.The last thing I 'll mention are the numerous war references she uses , the one that sticks out the most is when she refers to the mess in her apartment as like the Bataan Death March . No , Julie , it was n't like that . Perhaps you should read up on the terror of that situation and be grateful you were n't a part of it , and be grateful and respectful to those that were.And grow up .
 At least that is the way our intrepid author would say it as she whines and curses and complains her way through what should have been a fascinating story . I visited her site during the year and found it mildly humorous but 90 % involved her own tales told , once again , using language that is generally reserved for sailors and rap `` artists '' . I truly think the poor woman is unable to go five minutes without using the `` F word '' -LRB- along with a slew of others -RRB- . I 'm not a prude but there 's a time and a place for everything and a book about cooking -LRB- I dare not say love of cooking -RRB- is not it . Speaking of talking , there is not a whole lot of chatter about food despite the subject matter . So what does she talk about?Well , sex for one , LOTS of it - sex thoughts when she was a teenager , in college , sex with her husband , her brother 's sex , her friends 's sex , even -LRB- hard to believe -RRB- an alleged affair by her poor father - is it possible to get lower ? Then she rants about politics . Her quips against the Prez & the GOP were at first humorous , then tiring , then trite , then annoying . After the 100th remark , adjectives like immaturity and infuriating come to mind . She ends the book -LRB- there are several `` endings '' -RRB- by fantasizing on assassinating Bush - not your usual cup of tea.My problem is I did n't like her as a person much less a cook . Her kitchen was so filthy that a colony of maggots flourished on the counter , she made fun of 9-11 victim 's families and their thoughts , she told us secrets of her friends , she gave us details of sordid nights of drinking and let us in as viewers of her many fits , tantrums and breakdowns . She repeatedly tried to include herself with the working poor yet the costs of the ingredients alone -LRB- not counting the copious liquor -RRB- could have fed an apartment building for a year . Occasionally she gets around to the food and some of it is enjoyable , especially as she attempts to cook from a book 40 years old . But the food is definitely secondary to her tales of woe and vivid descriptions of her apparently tragic life . This is all the more pitiful because this could have been another `` Year in Provence '' by a more mature writer . Instead it is `` Heat '' without the intelligence or obvious love of food .
 I have followed her weblog for a while . it was interesting and amusing . Her weblog entries were fun to read . just day to day ramblings . She really did not care what people thought about her writing style or content . That all seems lost in the book . I can only guess that she had to please an editor and a publisher and supply more then just a journal . they wanted a bio.The weblog made her sound like a smart person with sardonic wit . One of those people you just like to hang around with , they know just how much to say without boring everyone . After reading the book I do not want to know her . . I do not think I would get a word in edgewise or I would fall asleep from boredom
 This book is as satisfying as fast food . While it could have been intersting , it is not . References to Julia Child are just crumbs in the author 's self-absorbed narrative .
 I picked up the audio book version of this unfortunate tome hoping to hear something in the Ruth Riechl vein , but instead was treated to the self obsessed ramblings of a bored secretary with family issues . The novel bore very little relation to its title . Additionally , my wife who is more sensitive to obscene or `` adult '' topics found this book very offensive , and whenever I vainly attempted to fast forward past the offending passage , I inevitably encountered another . Do n't buy this book !
 My book club thought this book would be enjoyable but by chapter two , three people could not go any further , it was that awful . There was not enough wine to help them through it and yes we do enjoy dark humor.She is a complete narcissist and lacks any ability to relay a story , even a horrible one . She whines througout the entire book about every single thing in her life . She rambles , complains , curses stupidly and treats her husband Eric like crap non-stop . I often find that when a woman writes a list of reasons why her husband would never leave or cheat on her he usually already has.The author has nothing but disgust and contempt for New York and real New Yorkers , page 149 `` Yes , New York is a stinking , chaotic , life-sucking cesspool and Austin , Texas , is a verdant , peaceful paradise , ... '' one of many insults about this great city . She 's a wanna-be New Yorker and overcompensates while still complaining about her endless knowledge of every nook and cranny of the city . Terms like `` Yankee-fied '' , `` New York-hardened skin '' phrases are sad . To the rest of us it 's just disturbing.On that note , her complete lack of sympathy or kindness towards the families affected by September 11th -LRB- 9/11 -RRB- is reprehensible . She thinks she 's funny she 's not , she 's jut cruel . And I guess she thinks by being the most venemous liberal in LIC it will make her more acceptable . Again , it does n't , she 's just ignorant and small minded.More french cooking less narcisstic sharing . Our group decided to pass on the movie now . I read a few pages of her next book and it 's more of the same garbage only now she 's a butcher , what a surpise.Towards the end of the book she find out from a CA reporter in an interview that Julia Child said she hates Julie Powell and now I find that very understandable . Julia Child was in a class all her own an accomplished woman . It is evident by this book that Julie Powell has and shows very little class at all .
 This book was so much less than I had hoped for and that it could have been . I love the parts about Julia Child but why did this writer include stories about herself ?! This writer 's life is not only boring , it 's painful to read about ! This woman is pathetic . I found not one redeeming quality in Julie Powell as a person and she seemed so proud of being what I consider a self-centered , high-maintenance , elitist b _ _ _ h . Her poor husband ! Poor readers ! I say go directly to anything by or about Julia Child and read the real thing . Get to know Julia Child ... a woman of grace , courage and talent . Everything Julie Powell is not .
 I thought the book was poorly written , crude for no purpose and full of annoying political tangents/rants . I actually did n't finish it , and I almost never do that . I also thought Julie Powell was whiny , self-congratulatory and annoying . I have found that books based on blogs do n't work well . It is one thing to read an entry every day but to read an entire book is too much .
 This book was a complete disappointment for me . I enjoyed the movie and was delighted when my book club decided to read the book . Unlike the loveable Julie from the movie , Julie Powell is self absorbed and moany . She tries far too hard to be witty and amusing and it just does n't work . The book jumps from one subject to the next with some personal stuff thrown in about her pals who I do n't really care about as they do n't really add to the subject . Since reading the book I have checked out her blog and can not say that I am surprised that Julia Child did not approve . It is a great dis-service to Julia Child . I would find it insulting to have my name associated with it .
 I went to see Julie and Julia in theaters , and thought it was a great movie . Both Meryl Steep and Amy Adams were good , and they really made the story come to life . I thought this was an interesting story , so I thought the book would be a great choice for me . However , I was very wrong . The writing is awful , and sometimes I had to read a passage twice to understand what it was saying . It felt like I was having a very informal conversation with the author . It was truly disappointing , and I had to stop reading it because I could n't force myself to read any more of it . It is too bad because it really could have been a good book , but she just is n't a good writer , so it did n't really work .
 It seems like most reviewers have more or less neatly divided themselves into those who hated the book AND Julie , and those who loved both.I find it funny when people start giving a negative review to a book because the author swears or her kitchen is dirty . As psychotic as Julie is often portrayed -LRB- and I 'm sure that Powell uses a healthy dose of hyperbole in the book -RRB- , I think we all know exactly where she 's coming from . I would bet that there is n't a single woman out there who could not relate to Julie in at least some way , most of us - in more than one.The book , however , ended up disappointing me -LRB- thus the two stars -RRB- . I ca n't believe some people call it `` inspirational '' and `` profound '' . I think the book fell very short on profound stuff , even though it seemed to be heading in that direction for a while . And I failed to see how it 's inspirational to know that of millions and millions of blogs out there a few managed to bring their owners money and fame . Maybe it 's just me , but I find something `` inspirational '' when it compels anyone who reads it to make a change for the better , however small . By Julie 's own admission , her life would have quickly returned to sucking after her 15 minutes of fame , had it not been for the book and the money . NOT the project.So , really , the title of the book should have been `` Julie & her ; editor '' , since THAT was what changed her life . Julia was just a pretext and did n't really take her -LRB- and , therefore , her reader -RRB- anywhere new psychologically and spiritually . Just out of the hated job and old apartment . And since we can not follow her down THAT path , the end of the book felt very anticlimactic to me -LRB- I kind of figured she got the book deal from , well ... the cover ? -RRB- .
 I was truely looking forward to reading this book . What a disapointment ! This author is a self indulgent , whinny , twit . Her discrption of the 9/11 victim 's families is enough to make you hate her.I want my money back !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 There is no other word to describe Julie Powell then unlikable . Having not seen the movie , I asked my mother if Amy Adams portrayed her as a foul-mouth , whiny person . Apparently , she did not . While I was not expecting a perky little house frau , I did hope that the author would have some redeeming qualities . For example , she is endlessly mean to her husband , passes judgement on all of her friends and collegues and gives intimate details of their sexual exploits , and even though I am a Democrat myself , I find her continual jabs at the Republicans she works with incredibly disrespectful . All this relates to Julia Child how ? I 'm still not sure . I am no prude and believe me I have had go arounds with my husband , cursed , and have been judgmental . I just do n't feel the need to write any of my personal issues in a book . However , she swears like a truck driver and drinks to the point where she ruins some dishes . If that 's what you are doing at 29 years old , perhaps lack of culinary expertise is the least of your issues . That and maybe her lack of heart in dealing with the families of 9/11 victims because she did n't like her job . A real stand up gal!I hoped this would be more of homage to Julia Child . I own both volumes of Mastering the Art of French Cooking . Both were my Grandmother 's . We used to watch the show together on PBS back in the 70 's . I felt like Julia was an after thought and it was only towards the end where her significance is truly addressed . I felt that there was not really a great love for this culinary icon so much as she was a means to an end . I guess I was hoping this would be about love of food and a passion for cooking and a tip of the sauce pan to a great legend of the kitchen . Instead , I found it self-indulgent and insufferable . It 's much more of a complaint about how awful she precieves her life to be instead of a great chance to really honor an outstanding woman . No wonder Julia did n't care so much for Julie .
 I would describe this book as both poorly written and poorly researched . I am not even sure why Ms. Powell bothered to add invented scenes from Julia 's life . They were so few and added absolutely nothing to the book . Ms. Powell could have researched and wrote about Julia 's real life . Why did Ms. Powell not even bother to contact Julia Child ? Julia was still alive when the blog was started . Ms. Powell had a wealth of information she could have discovered but chose to ignore it so she could write whatever she liked ; very lazy . As for Julie Powell as a person , she is spoiled and self consumed . She whines about everything and everyone . She takes her husband for granted , she 's ashamed of being a secretary , and complains she 'll have trouble getting pregnant despite that she sold her own eggs to pay off credit card debt . CREDIT CARD DEBT ! She also lacks empathy . Ms. Powell decribes how she often works in the `` Family Room '' for the families of 9/11 victims yet she seems oblivious to their pain and heartache . I am certain that seeing these people cry and put up letters and pictures on the wall would be life altering for me . It does n't affect her . She uses cooking all the recipes in Mastering the Art of French Cooking to add meaning to her life ; a reason to keep going . I find it very hard to have any sympathy for her . I feel more sorry for Julia Child who had no choice about being featured in this mediocre book . P.S. Cleaving , Ms. Powell 's second book is worse ! My husband tried to read it -LRB- he did not read Julie and Julia -RRB- and could not because of Ms. Powell 's whiny , self centered personality .
 I wanted to like the book , I liked the movie and now I 'm sorry I contributed so much as a penny to Ms. Powell . Like so many people , she seems to think that political comment is appropriate in any venue . Furthermore , she thinks that politically-based insults are appropriate in a book about cooking . Not . At least the movie people were bright enough not to insult a chunk of their audience.Take all of Ms. Powell 's insulting generalizations about Republicans and change the word Republicans to Democrats or Jews or Catholics or African-Americans or Chinese and see how insulting they sound . Funny how changing the target of an insult seems to make it matter more , huh?At about the 12th gratuitous Republican insult , I tossed the book back into the box to return to the library and put Ms. Powell on my personal Do Not Read list .
 When I first got this book I thought it would be a good read especially her escapades with cooking . And I liked the little tidbits about Julia Childs and her husband . However , I got tired of the book after sixty - seventy pages of it . I found I was angry and disgusted by her total lack of sympathy for those who were trying to contribute to the 911 memorial as well as the families who have lost people in towers . Her condescension was more than I could handle . She and her friends were a bunch of whining self-absorbed twenty/thirty-somethings that believe the world revolved around them and their happiness . In the end I could not bring myself to read any farther . That 's too bad . It should have been better given the concept .
 This book was a HARD read . I had to force myself to finish it . I did not find Julie 's character to be very interesting and she had few redeeming qualities . She was flat out mean to her brother and to her husband . She was totally self centered , with `` The Project '' being the center of her world for an entire year , and thinking that she should be treated as the center of the world by everyone in her life.I certainly hope the movie is more entertaining and the characters more engaging .
 I 'm one of those people that likes to read the book first when it is made into a major motion picture . The book just about always gives more indepth background , and while yes can sometimes lend disappointments that the movie did n't live up to the book , it usually aids in following progression and visualization of things not able to be worked into the movie plot due to time constraints.That said , I just ca n't keep myself wrapped into this book . It is boring with emphisis on drawing out the `` r '' in borrrring . Nothing has happened other than Julie is in the typical learning about life rut , frustrations about her job , and oh wait that 's it.I keep hoping that the book will pick up , that something interesting will happen and make me want to finish it , but a sofa stuck in a staircase is sure not it.I get frustrated when trying to force myself to finish a book , especially when I know that there are so many others that I have to force myself to put down and am disappointed when it does end . Maybe I 'm just not identifying with Julie 's plight , though what strikes me is the thought that we 've all `` been there , done that '' in one sense or another . I 'm about ready to skip forward , something I never ever do , find out what she learned from her project and call it good .
 The movie looks charming and I am looking forward to seeing it . The book is written by a very unlikable snobbish whiny young woman who turned my stomach early on in the book with her attempt at wit . I recently read The School of Essential Ingredients , which is a lovely book about cooking and the magic of a well made meal . I thought this book would have the same charm , but it did not . The only palatable parts of the book are about Julia . I 'm glad I borrowed it from the library instead of buying it !
 Julia Child is a personal hero of mine . Sounds like this chick could have put the booze down and left NYC is she was so unhappy . That is the lesson I got from reading Julia Child 's autobiography . Julia identified an issue in her world and made a positive effort to correct it and achieved a great deal of personal success in doing so.Cooking complicated food in a great rush inside a filthy kitchen with no knowledge of cooking is not something that I want to read about.YUK !!
 This book has travelled with me from Arizona to PA , to TX , to NOLA , to PA , to NOLA , to GA , to PA , back to GA and finally back to PA again ... . I have been `` in the middle '' of this book for almost two years . It is one of those books that never really grabs you . Some books grab you and pull you in and you ca n't put the book down , however , I put this book down many timees.Julie & Julia is a very boring and unintelligible memoir to Julia Child -LRB- maybe -RRB- but more so a self-involved journaling/rambling of a person battling depression , cooking obsession and the beating of the `` biological clock . '' Her half-a ** ed attempts at recreating Julia Child 's recipes left me with a bad taste in my mouth.The author attempts to -LRB- and somewhat accomplishes -RRB- the re-creation of every recipe in Julia Childs renown cookbook -LRB- 524 recipes -RRB- -LRB- Mastering the Art of French Cooking -RRB- in one year . She cooks things such as brains , liver , kidneys , marrow . The only humorous memory was that her Mother always said that kidneys always `` tasted like piss . '' however some that the author cooked did not taste like piss , however her `` piss smelled like kidneys . '' That was such a crude remark -LRB- and I am no priss mind you -RRB- I could not help but laugh.The author wrote a blog and this book really made small mention of her blog , small mention of other characters . The only characters truly developed in this book is the author and her husband Eric . But even his character is truly never examined , just from the author 's perspective minimally . This book was albout the author . My final impression of the book was that the author wants/wanted to have a baby , had to do something to occupy her mind besides thinking about having a baby or not being able to have a baby and the personal neglect in her kitchen ca n't help but be seen as depression.I 'm sorry but little flies flying around the author 's kitchen constantly and finally towards the end of the book they discover maggots under their dish drying tray . They were very neglectful of the dishes , left them piled in the sink frequently and I 'm sorry but this book was extremely bad and further , I could not imagine eathing ANYTHING from this author 's kitchen knowing the lack of care taken to have a clean kitchen . She put forth about as much energy in writing a book .
 Like other reviewers listed here , I thought this book would focus on the trials and tribulations of cooking recipes that are half-a-century old -LRB- if not older -RRB- using pithy , witty humor and comparisons of the writer 's life and Child 's life . To be fair , there is some of this sprinkled throughout the book , but as an avid cook and Child fan I wish there had been more.I think there is a market today for food writing ; good food writing , like MFK Fisher and Elizabeth David , but I do n't think Julie Powell even comes close . The Julie/Julia Project is a front for this young novelist who see-saws between charming and extremely annoying in her attempts to describe how her life evolves over a one-year period in which she participated -LRB- to whatever extent -RRB- in some very profound experiences , like working for the government agency dealing with the World Trade Center memorials , a household move in NYC , dealing with a less than stellar marraige , and coping with very needy friends and family.Julie , get a get a grip on your neurosis and narcissism and just write ! Forget the food , it 's just not you . Stick to your hoo-hum job , your even more narcissistic friends , and your boring marraige and you could be the next Nora Ephron , or at the very least , Erma Bombeck .
 What a great idea for a book and kudos to the author for coming up with the concept of cooking all of Julia Child 's recipes in one year from Julia 's first cookbook and for managing it.That aside , the author -LRB- Julie Powell -RRB- comes across as a smug , complaining , selfish , mean spirited & condescending woman . The way she is so mean in how she talks about her co-workers and complains ceaselessly about her job , you just wish she 'd quit -LRB- both the job and complaining -RRB- . And although I tend to be more liberal in my politics , even I had to wince at the amount of vitriol she spouted towards her co-workers who were Republicans and the President at the time -LRB- it takes place about a year after 9/11 -RRB- . People like this give liberals a bad name by being so hate filled , intolerant & downright nasty . She even managed to come across as insensitive & condescending to the 9/11 victims the agency she was temping for was supposed to be helping.As a foodie , I was quite turned off by all the times she described cat hair everywhere in her kitchen and went on about her lack of good housekeeping like it was a badge of honor . Be warned , there is a scene in the book where her kitchen ends up filled with flies and maggots again because of her admitted poor house keeping . Mmmm ... does n't it make you want to go to her house for dinner . Oh well , at least it got her out of her temp job and now it got her a movie deal , so I hope she is at least happier . Maybe that will make her next work more palatable , but I doubt I 'd brave it .
 I found this book on the giveaway table at work , and was so excited to read it . What a disappointment ! Unfortunately , I 've made it to about page 65 and will not be reading one more word . I have no idea where Julie Powell is going with this story , but so far , it 's been a rambling mess . Her writing style is all over the place , and not in any sort of charming or appealing way . The story of Julie 's life is interspersed with what I think are diary entries by Julia Child , but honestly , I 'm not 100 % sure if that is the case . It is not clear who is writing these other entries . Julie Powell is not a likable character . She complains , is mean to her husband , dirty and overall not inspiring in any way . Do yourself a favor and do not read this complete mess of a book . It will frustrate and depress you ! I hope the movie is better . Great idea , horrible execution . If you want to read some great , inspiring books by foodies , read `` Garlic and Sapphires '' by Ruth Reichl , `` Heat '' by Bill Buford and `` Kitchen Confidential '' by Anthony Bourdain .
 I read the entire book but it took me 2 months to complete because I could n't get over the authors near jumps into the deep end of self loathing and constant freak outs . While amusing at first I ca n't help but wonder if the Julie/Julia Project was a way for her to avoid spending money on therapy .
 This book has one redeeming feature -- it may lead people to read My Life in France , by Julia Child -LRB- and her husband Paul 's nephew , Alex Prud ` Homme -RRB- . That is a magnificent book about a very unique person who lived a wonderful , very unusual life . Unless you want to read for yourself how deeply unlovely the real Julie Powell is , skip Julie & Julia and treat yourself at once to the grit and charm of the creative , fun , funny and unflappable Julia Child of My Life in France.Nora Ephron made a movie based on both books . The near-universal take on the movie is that the parts featuring Julia Child were divine -LRB- Meryl Streep is a wonder in it -RRB- and the parts featuring Julie Powell were highly irritating . That pretty well sums up the difference between the two books , as well.I do n't enjoy cooking , but love Julia Child , and would have found it very interesting to hear detailed descriptions of someone attempting her recipes . Oddly , Powell gives only the most cursory descriptions of her endeavors , and reuses the same ones repeatedly -LRB- I 'm guessing she had a macro on her computer for `` cooked it down with some butter and vermouth '' -RRB- . Recipes that would be hard for the average person -LRB- I know how to cook , I just do n't enjoy it -RRB- often get dismissed with the remark `` that was too easy to talk about . '' That does n't ring true , and is ridiculous -- the reader is holding the book precisely because they WANT to hear about it ! At first I was quite puzzled by this apparent contradiction . But not that far in , Powell reveals her true purpose in creating `` the project '' -- her wild enthusiasm over her blog hits reveals her ambition that her idea might just garner her her fifteen minutes . Once you understand the real purpose of the book , it all makes so much more sense . -LRB- Powell has been quoted as saying `` I think I 'm going to get out of the memoir-ing game for a little bit . Two memoirs before the age of 40 is plenty . '' I think her use of the word `` game '' is no accident . And while we are discussing games
 This book was a dull disappointment because the authors -LRB- one of whom is a book buyer for the landmark Strand Bookstore -RRB- are very poor historians . I had hopes of Book Row providing a glimpse into the past of the Manhattan neighborhood in which I live and a window into long-gone independently owned bookstores . It was instead a flood of trivial names and dates that provided very little context or description , and consequently very little to fuel understanding or the imagination.The book is mostly an endless series of abstract , biographical sketches of the booksellers -- mainly names and dates with a light peppering of anecdotes that are at most mildly amusing . The authors show no insight or analysis of what made these individuals become proprietors of bookstores and personal bookbuyers for wealthy collectors -LRB- who are also inadequately described -RRB- . It is possible that evidence of only these factual bare bones have survived , but it is then the task of the historian to flesh these out with a picture of the time and place to which these facts belong . Book Row fails to do this because the authors are too content with name-dropping
 A woman is kidnapped in front of an abortion clinic by a desperate , psychotic couple so that she can bear a child for them . Feeding her unlikely stories of an organization that deals in human slaves , they lock her up in their basement and torment her for the remainder of her pregnancy.The plot is thin even for a 140-page novella . Beyond the initial abduction and imprisonment , the drama never escalates , and so it grows tiresome . The story might have actually been more interesting had it been expanded into a longer form , and shown us what is going on elsewhere as the woman 's lover and family try to find her . But unfortunately the author does n't concern himself with any of that.The story 's other major flaw is how inept the villains are . At one point they go so far as to reveal their full names , in an attempt to set up a safety net that would never work . And though the wife is a nurse , she does n't seem to be aware that what they 're doing can very likely affect the health of the baby she wants so badly . Despite their actions , they just do n't feel threatening , and the reader gets the impression that their captive could easily outwit them if she waits for the right moment . The abuses heaped upon the protagonist are so mundane that it does n't even earn points in the extreme horror category.Also included in this edition are two short stories . `` Brave Girl '' follows the aftermath of a child 's emergency call . `` Returns '' is a bittersweet tale of a ghost who has one final task to complete .
 This is my second Jack book . I read the Girl Next Door because books like this interest me and I feel , because I 'm naturally good hearted , complete me . However , there were issues .1 . J.K. . . who edited this book ! This book is full of stupid typos the author should have caught . I usually put down a book after 10 , give or take , but I kept reading this one because the woman had my sympathy . Misspelled words , run-on sentences , missing quotations marks , half of a repeat sentence ... Was there an editor at all ? 2 . The plot goes stale after chapter seven , is sometimes unbelievable because why is n't no one looking for a pregnant women abducted in broad daylight , and the ending leaves you confused , like was she dreaming , or what ? 3 . The charaterization of the antagonist is , well , more horrible than the horror.I liked the theme that was played with here .
 I enjoy horror fiction . I thoroughly enjoy reading about instances that are either so supernatural that they 're brilliant or so haunting , because they could really happen . Kidnapping a pregnant woman about to have an abortion and torturing her is just a heinous act of ill judgment that this is a subject that should just be off limits unless portrayed in a way that could work . This does n't . As I mentioned , the novella is about a woman who is about to have an abortion at the abortion clinic . It 's common to see pro-lifers protesting , but a couple take it to the next level . They kidnap her , blindfold her , and strap her in a coffin-like box where she is forced to stay . Their goal is to keep her imprisoned until she delivers the baby.This is just so disgusting that it is n't horror fiction disgusting . There are plenty of things covered in fiction , but this is just too , too much . I do believe in the work of Jack Ketchum and its strength , but this one just is n't up there . Avoid this , as well as the Leisure fiction pairing with `` Old Flames . ''
 I found this a not so well developed story fantastic , pretty cruel and exaggerated . . Unrealistic because of the details and how they are presented , but it 's main crime could happen !
 This was over the top . I do n't get the point . It starts off right away with totally unbelievable stuff happening to this woman and gets more and more rediculous . It 's so unbelievable , I do n't know why he even bothered to write a story around the awful things that happen to her . Why not just write down whatever twisted , demented thing you 've ever wanted to do to a woman , and print it ? There 's no point to this story at all . Do n't waste your time or money . I was disappointed and embarrassed . I took it off my coffee table when people came over . Not his finest work by a long shot .
 Yes , it is a pleasant , lightweight read , but contrary to some of the other reviews here , this book is not `` somewhat '' outdated - - it is completely outdated . Anyone who knows anything about Ancient Egypt can just look at the inaccurate information in some of these reviews and see how misinformed readers of this book will be -- for example Thuthmosis III -LRB- the accepted `` modern '' spelling is Thutmose from the Egyptian transliteration , more closely Djehutymose -RRB- was not 4 ' 6 '' -- that is a measurement of his mummy , minus his detached feet and lower legs . He more likely was about 5 ' 6 '' tall , a very respectable height for an ancient Egyptian . As for Thutmose III being a `` hero , '' this is a man who , solely for profit , invaded foreign countries , killing , maiming and plundering , carrying goods and slaves back to Egypt , leaving countless impoverished widows and orphans in his wake . It is so sad to think that a mass murderer is anyone 's definition of a `` hero . ''
 Illustrations were well done , however the Dr. Seuss wanna-be writing style lacks interest and fluidity . His attempts at the child-like poetry , ala Dr. Seuss with a Tim Burton twist , only prove that writing simple poetry with rhythym is n't as easy as it looks . All is not lost though , it did make a good beverage coaster .
 My review is not meant to rate Freud 's work , but to point out that this edition of his work is terrible . Click on the `` Look Inside '' to see for yourself . There 's no clear copyright and publication information in the text , so citing it for any kind of academic work is all but out of the question . Check out the formatting on various pages
 Do not read this book if you are pregnant ! The very first story is about getting bad ultrasound results and months of anguish and the baby being born with a disability . Not at all comforting . I wish I could give it zero stars .
 I actually threw this book into the trash.This is a collection of old manuscripts -LRB- very much similar to the `` Forgotten Books '' series available here on Amazon -RRB- which have been edited in an attempt to create a storyline that has some kind of historical-theological significance . There are a lot of problems with the way the author assembled the material .1 . I do n't trust his translations . Having read some of the manuscripts in their own right , I found several discrepancies between previous readings , and what I saw here .2 . The editing is clumsy . I understand that the author/editor was working with ancient writings from multiple sources , but his transitions are rude and at times questionable , for reasons I 'll explain next .3 . The editor tends to cut off manuscripts at almost random points , and then tacks on part of another manuscript -LRB- sometimes no more than a few lines -RRB- , before resuming the original passages . This completely destroys the context of the originals , in addition to being very , very misleading to the reader . Context is everything in ancient religious writings , and this book destroys most of the original context by attempting to shoe-horn meanings into the work in an effort to create a preconceived story line .4 . The author elevates these writings to the level of inspired religious writings . In other words , the editor makes the assumption that these religious manuscripts carry the same weight as the inspired texts of the Septuagint , the Old Testament , and the complete Bible -LRB- as well as the accepted inspired Hebrew texts -RRB- . Several of the manuscripts he makes use of in this book are , in fact , Gnostic apologetic works that have no actual relationship to the subject of `` angels ; '' the editor simply uses out-of-context passages to fill-in a story line that he gives credibility via a priori assumptions.For my money , if you have a passing interest in the subject you should purchase the `` Forgotten Books '' series that relate to the topic . If you are making a serious study of the subject , for any reason , avoid this like the plague . Reading it is thirty minutes of your life that you 'll never get back .
 This was ` required reading ' for a graduate level course in seminary . I think the author could have boiled it down to 5-6 pages of useful material rather than page after page of reiterating the same thing 3 different ways . By the time I was finished with 1/2 the book - reading the second half was more of a chore than enjoyable/edifying . I 'm not an expert in the area angelology , so i 'm going to search for a better read for my personal library .
 This was my first Wilbur Smith book . I thought it was all right for an adventure genre . There is enough historical research to add color . And it certainly moves along well . Many of the events are not believable , but you can say the same for James Bond . The book jumps between history and legend easily and superficially . Boys grow into manhood overnight . Women fall deeply in love by seeing someone from afar . Crocodiles are much more aggressive than in real life . But it is easy reading for passing a few hours .
 Birds of Prey was my first Wilbur Smith Novel . Being a person that makes a living on the ocean I am attracted to novels about the great sailing ships of the past . Everything I had read about Wilbur Smith led me to believe that this would be a novel that I could n't put down . In the beginning that was true . The main characters were interesting . I did n't expect the explicit sex scenes that are scattered throughout the novel . Mr. Smith 's main hero throughout the book is young Hal Courteney . His sexual exploits are described in vivid detail in the first half of the book , but then as the book progresses become more like what I would expect from an adventure novel . I am not sure that the earlier sex scenes really added to the book . The St. Martin 's Paperback version that I have is over 660 pages . It was a long read and you could actually divide the book into two halves . The first is while Sir Frances Courteney -LRB- Hal 's Father -RRB- is driving the action in the story . The second is when Hal is the lead . The first half of the book is filled with intrigue and vivid battles scenes -LRB- and sex scenes -RRB- . The second half of the book seems to have been an after thought . All the vivid drawn out scenes from the first half become a few paragraphs of quick victories for young Hal . You wait and entire 600 pages for Hal to face his Dutch antagonist . When it finally happens I can call it at best anti-climactic . He defeat 's another ship easily and his other foil dies pretty unceremoniously . Forgive me , but when I put 600 + pages of time into a novel waiting for these two show downs -LRB- which you know at page 300 are coming -RRB- I expected more ! Much more . Cut out the pages of Hal 's sexual exploits and make the final scenes of the book worth the time I invested in this novel.Having said all this the book was okay . The book 's strength was the early vivid descriptions of Europeans seeing Africa for the first time . You could imagine what they must have been seeing . What a crocodile must be like for someone who has never seen nor heard of one . The fear they felt when the crocodile 's got a hold of someone in the water . The book 's weakness was the quick tidy ending . I am not upset that the good guys win ; I expect that in an adventure novel . I was just disappointed that this was an after thought and wrapped up cleanly with a lot of luck.I am not sure that I for one will invest another 600 + pages in a Wilbur Smith Novel in the future .
 Set in the world of piracy in the 17th century , Birds of Prey trips up early . Hardly surprising , when in this masculine world you 've still got women ` screaming wildly and clutching their bosoms ' at the sound of gunfire . Maybe they did , maybe they did n't , but the prose is more painful than any blast of grapeshot . There are far too many examples of school play dialogue to list , but if you 're looking for an exciting seafaring tale , you 'd do much better to turn to ` The Golden Ocean ' by Patrick O'Brian .
 I was disappointed in this one because I was expecting something as well-researched and based in history as the old Hornblower novels . Suffice to say this one ai n't . It is riddled with historical inaccuracies . There was no war between the Moghuls and the kingdom of `` Prester John '' at that time . And there are so many little details which a modicum of research would have revealed , such as the -LRB- Urdu speaking -RRB- Moghul Maharaja speaking Arabic , or a description of what is obviously a hummingbird -LRB- which lives only in the Americas -RRB- -- small points but when I say this sort of thing was repeated ad nauseum you get the message.Smith even borrows an incident from `` Hornblower and the Atropos '' in which someone is shot in the chest but the bullet travels around the rib to the back , where it lodges and causes fever and inflammation . Forster uses the incident for character development -LRB- the wound is the result of a duel between two cantankerous individuals ; the wounded man is absolutely vital to Hornblower 's mission and the other duelist is the doctor who has to save him while Hornblower is all but tearing his hair out -RRB- . In Smith 's hands , however , the wound is simply part of a battle and the extraction of the bullet the excuse for as much gore , pus , agony , etc. , as he can lay on.Also , I HAVE to ask
 This is a reasonably good novel until it degenerates into a `` Raiders of the Lost Ark '' story . The author did not seem to know how to end the tale , and continued from one misadventure to another . The author failed to keep all of his characters on the same time line , a problem when an author does not outline things properly . He also disposes of various characters as if he is tired of them , or does not know what to do with them , in order to introduce new characters . Perhaps a few too many dead bodies left by the wayside .
 The flyleaf says this book is `` meticulously researched '' . Let me tell you , in areas where I happen to have expertise this guy is absolutely clueless . There are several gross examples where he demonstrates conclusively that he has no idea whatsoever how square-rigged ships work . In addition , the details of naval conflicts range from the dubious to the impossible.Given this incredible ignorance about things where I know the score , I am very dubious about a good deal of the other military stuff . In particular , although I am not expert , I think that his versions of how people fight with swords is not reasonable or even in some cases physically possible.His characters are also extremely one-dimensional , and his plotting is pathetic . Gets very predictable after a while.Oh yeah -- although Prester John is a myth , and I suppose one can have some freedom with what one does with a myth -- he transposes it some THREE HUNDRED YEARS . Sort of like meeting Daniel Boone in downtown Chicago having a conversation with Mayor Daley and Jimmy Hoffa -- and being told , `` Well , it 's his descendant and his family lived in the Kentucky woods for a loooong time without anybody knowing . '' Nuts.If you enjoy this kind of book -LRB- and I usually do -RRB- , I suggest you try the series by Terry Goodkind -LRB- starting with Wizard 's Rule -RRB- . Similar thematic material , better plots , much more interesting and realistic characters -- and the fantastic stuff like dragons is explicitly labelled as magic . Unlike Hal 's ship which is supposed to be a square-rigger but actually has to have turbine-powered props to do what is claimed .
 I 've read nearly every novel by Wilber Smith . This is the only one that has ever disappointed me . The characters were boring and the story was very predictable . There are many other authors that write this type of novel much better . Smith should stick to modern themes .
 When I started reading Birds of Prey , I really enjoyed the atmosphere and setting . Then I started groaning at the incredibly predictable behavior of the cardboard cutout characters . By 1/4 of the way through , I found myself hypnotized by the parade of every stereotypical character I remember from the trashy adventure books I loved when I was 12 . The young , perfect hero . His loyal negro sidekick . The noble , tragic father . The backstabbing piratical villain . The fat , ugly , cowardly , corrupt , rich villain . The cruel villain who is , however , a `` true warrior '' . The sultry temptress . The beautiful imprisoned princess . A half-dozen more plot elements which I wo n't reveal for fear of spoiling the book . In every way , at best an average book .
 The book is based on the interesting premise of naval exploration and combat in Indian Ocean in the aftermath of of the Second Anglo Dutch War . It is a time and place unfamiliar to most of us and rarely a fictional setting.Unfortunately , the writing just is n't up to the task . To call the plot meandering in an understatement . Too many characters are introduced . The characters are cardboard cut outs . The good guys are really good
 THIS THING SUCKS !!!! You know it , I know it , let 's not jest here . It 's totally useless , totally pointless , and did I mention it sucks ?!? Sincrely , Drew
 This book lacks the personal anecdotes from enlisted men that would have made this a successful tome . Even the Volunteers in the Philipines are not covered well .
 This text was published on the cheap . Be forewarned that even the condensation from a glass of ice water , transferred by your hand to the page , can cause a paragraph of text to run easily . The binding is also not well constructed . I would have preferred an electronic edition of this book due to the sheerly poor nature of its print quality . As for the text itself , it is often contradictory and perpetuates myths that have long been debunked in the business world . In one of my favorite examples , the book praises organizational planning and rigid structure , referring to systems that sound like communist five year plans ; the book then proceeds to upend its argument by touting that Steve Jobs and Apple Computer have been successful not just in spite of organization structure but rather because they have turned the old concepts upside-down . Some would say this simply shows the book being fair and balanced . Unfortunately , many times it simply comes off somewhere between pedantic and silly .
 Ordered item over a month ago and have not yet recieved it . Filed a claim for a refund weeks ago and have yet to receive it .
 i did n't receive the book , Could you please look into this on priority , my semester is half over , can you refund the money back
 This latest addtion of the `` Instinct '' series finds forensic diva Jessica Coran on the trail of a disturbed serial killer who leaves his victims without their spinal cords but with a lovely charcoal drawing . Paired with a handsome , black FBI agent , Jessica becomes invovled in a a last ditch attempt to free a man from death row.Unfortunately , this is one painful read . The dialogue is stilted and the FBI characters are so grossly unprofessional it counfounds belief . The governor is a stereotypical , racially insensitive , politically incorect , sexually aggressive pig . The confrontations with him quickly devolve into insults that ultimately have no consequence . The silly subplot about freeing the innocent man on death row quickly falls into the realm of the ridiculous.On the plus side , the victims are engaging and the serial killer is fairly well crafted and a refreshing change from the run-of-the-mill slice and dicer . But all in all , Absolute Instinct stinks .
 This started out well but laborious repetition made it impossible to finish and Although i NEVER normally give up on books I packed this one in . I wo n't be in a rush to read more
 Here are just a few examples of this absolutely bad writing and editing . When a character is reading a book intently , she is `` pouring '' over the book ; perhaps the author meant `` poring '' . When a character finds another 's conduct bad , the first character is `` enamored '' ; perhaps the author meant `` not enamored '' . When a character finds something interesting , he is `` peaked '' ; perhaps the author meant interest was `` piqued '' . I could go on and on , but these are just a few example of lazy writing.If the plot and dialog were n't so stilted , I could forgive minor errors , but I was stuck with this novel on an airplane.By the way , the author in his `` Acknowledgments '' spends most of his words on himself , even describing himself as the `` undisputed king of series fiction '' and denies drinking vodka while writing this book . I kid you not.Finally , the initial reviewer has a few errors in her comments . The first character mentioned was not Laura Graham , but Larina Gahram . The black FBI agent was not Darwin Williams , but Darwin Reynolds .
 I never give up on a book but just could not get into this book . Sorry to sa . . y I had to with this one though . I 'm glad that this was free otherwise I would want my money back .
 I do n't think a book needs to contain such gory scenes to be a thriller . I wish I had gone with the preview because I would have read no further than that . This book was immediately deleted .
 Not my idea of a good time . Could not get past the 1st chapter . One has to be of a type different from me to enjoy this .
 . . after having read it it proved to be nothing more than one cult , that being mainstream christianity -LRB- in this particular case the protestant version -RRB- calling another cult liars and falsifiers . . Sure , the JWs come to your door every now and then , being annoying , trying to con the homeowner into taking thier publications or , better yet -LRB- for them at least -RRB- getting the homeowner to agree to what they call a personal bible study , but in the end all that one need do is say `` No `` if one is n't interested ... They 'll go away if one does so . . They wo n't put a gun to one 's head and force you to believe thier stuff , or even listen to it . . So what 's the big deal . . Everyone 's `` truth ` has merit , and everyone is , afterall , entitled to belive what they want to believe.A lot is made , in this book , about `` refuting `` the `` errors '' alledgedly contained in the JW view of things ... But these `` errors ' are only such if one thinks that one 's own faith , whatever it is , is somehow the `` only `` truth , and that any creed that disagrees with it is `` in error `` I was particularly repulsed by the way the book went on and on nit-picking some of the more bizarre JW notions , claiming , as know-it-all types always do , that the biblical references cited to support these nutty notions do n't do so ... Nonsense!The bible , or any other `` holy `` book will support whatever notions , nutty or otherwise that the believer wants , and this is because the bible and most other old religious documents are subject to interpretation . . Clearly the author of this book , and/or the audience for which it is intended are not particularly secure in thier own interpretations if they require a guidebook to trash other interpretations that might present themselves.Just as clearly , religion is_or should be_a subject left up to the individual , and not an absolutist thing that can not withstand contrary suggestuions by those who may view God or faith in another light.If I were a JW I 'd feel pretty darn good about myself and my faith , however nutty or bizarre others may find it if my competition is reduced to publishing stuff like this in an effort to counteract what I am offering ...
 I 've seen the military from behind the mysterious gates for 20 + years.Regrettably , this is a poorly conceived monogram , attempting to pass itself off as a well researched social study of the world of military wives . This is not scholarly effort , despite the attempt to use an occasional footnote to offset a mountain of conjecture and opinion . The use of a random anecdote does not prove a thesis , yet this seems to be the primary methodology used in this book . I recommend you do not buy or waste any time with this book . It is no wonder it is out of print . If you loved the National Enquirer or the Weekly World News you 'll love chapter 6 . Otherwise save your time . Thank goodness these types of spouses imagined in this book are not a part of today 's military.A much better expenditure would be towards supporting current military spouses via any Fisher House -LRB- Provides free or low cost lodging to veterans and military families receiving treatment at military medical centers -RRB- , in lieu of supporting these authors .
 I agree that the first chapter is enough to make an enlisted wife cry or walk away from the book altogether . Most of what I read is now completely out of date and relating to a military that is very little like what we 've experienced the last 10 years my husband has been in . I think the basic assumption that will make the enlisted wife feel offended is that all enlisted wives secretly wish they were officers wives . I see little reason to read this book now-days unless it is for posterity 's sake . There are better , newer books out there . Ones that more accurately paint the picture of the current military wife . Look for those and skip this one altogether !
 I am also prior active duty and now an Air Force spouse . Like the previous reviewer , I am a college student and will have my B.A. this June . This book is so OLD SCHOOL considering it was published in 1990 ! First of all , the book 's only focus is officer 's wives . In the first chapter the authors alienated all enlisted wives . How can you write a book about military wives and then only mention enlisted wives when illustrating how much officer 's wives looked down on them or how little money the enlisted force makes?Second , as I have only been associated with the military since ' 96 , I ca n't say that officer 's wives did n't used to act so superior . However , in today 's military , unless I am blind as a bat , you just DO NOT see that kind of ignorant discrimination towards the enlisted troops and their spouses . They paint this picture of OW 's as shallow witches living vicariously through their husbands and EW 's as uneducated trailer trash.The authors then attempted to address the discrimination that foriegn-wives face , but not w/out making some nasty comments about how enlisted men marry Asian women b/c they have low self-esteem after being ordered around all day at work and needed to be the boss at home!OH yeah , and I really LMAO when I read the part about an officer 's wife giving her husband 's rank at the clinic to alert `` the medical staff to her position of power . '' Give me a break.What a shame if anyone unfamiliar with the military were to read this book and believe any of it to be truth . Today 's military is nothing like this . And God knows when I was enlisted , I respected my commanding officers b/c of THEIR rank , THEIR hard work , THEIR knowledge and experience , NOT b/c their wife knew how to throw a good dinner party and was a smart dresser.Don ' t waste your time on this book unless you 're looking for a good laugh at a has been 's reminiscence of living in la-la land .
 I only got through a few chapters of this silly book ! It came highly recommend from a lady I respect ... HOWEVER , it does not accuratly portray today 's miltary . Rather that of the 1800 's ! Enlisted men , thier wives and families are often better educated then those who are in command and are not only intrested in making babies ! Rank has no place between wives ... it 's not yours ! Military life is about the whole family but unless you are dealing drugs you ca n't make or break his career just cause you and the CO 's wife do n't see eye to eye!Rather we have the privilege of helping our husband 's keep our country free and make a stand for freedom all aroudn the world.Thankfully after 15 years in the military I can say that while the life/attitudes portrayed in this book were commonplace more than 100 years ago it is not the way it is today ! Except perhaps by women who have read this book or been schooled by someone who is clueless!If you are new to the military/or looking for an accurate portrayal of military life today ... save this for later ! Heroes at Home by Ellie Kay or When Duty calls is a much better choice ! If you want a portrayl of life as it was try Military/Army Wives on the Frontier !! Skip this .
 I am prior active duty , and currently the spouse of an active duty military member . This book is off the charts goofy , discriminative , false , and just plain worthless to anyone wanting REAL insight into the life of a military spouse . I ca n't even begin to list the contradictions between the claims of the author and the military spouse.Yes , being a military spouse is tough ... and NOT for the average person , but the battles between enlisted and officer 's wives and the social structure conflict is NOT as it is explained in this book . My husband holds two bachelor 's degree 's , and I hold an associate 's with two more years left to get my bachelors ; however , my husband is enlisted and we have friends who are both enlisted and officer . I do not walk around informing others of my husband 's rank , unless asked for official reasons . I am not my husband , nor does my life revolve around his rank . I am who I am . I have my own education . I have my own goals . I have my own identity . I have my own brain . I am blessed to share my life with a soldier and he is blessed to share his life with me , but I do not define myself completely off of him . I am proud of him for who he is , just as I am proud of myself NOT for who my husband is , but for who I am and what I have become .
 Muerto el perro ... is a mediocre narrative by an obvioiusly aging Cuban exile who dwells in his memories of a country and time gone by . However , unlike more sucessful writers of the Cuban diaspora , Miralejos fails to capture and captivate a more sophisticated reading public . He rambles on with a story of very transparent personal anecdotes that appear more like a cathartic exercise down memory lane . The language in the story is a mixture of Cuban registers and some other Latin American register -- possibly his editors ' , thus sounding more like a fake to a Cuban -LRB- Cuban-American -RRB- who is very familiar with authentic Cuban choices of words and expressions . The novel reads flat and lacks sophistication of thought and plot . Not worth buying unless you want to offer a donation to the author .
 Por favor dirija sus comentarios directamente al autor : Sr. . Orlando Nodal Acosta , 1812 Blue Ridge Drive , Jacksonville , Florida 32246 . El es ambos el autor y el dueno de Outer Space Press .
 Por favor , este libro es un paquete por no decir algo mas grosero . El Senor Miralejos necesita mirar de cerca y darse cuenta que su oficio no es ser escritor .
 Wensberg 's revision of Follett 's Modern English Usage is one of those `` Do as I say , not as I do '' usage books . Careful readers of this book will have no trouble finding examples of Wensberg violating his own proscriptions . One example should be enough for this forum . On page 29 Wensberg writes `` Perhaps the possessive noun is the part of speech most often mistaken for an antecedent . ` On the Vice President 's arrival at Kennedy Airport , he explained to reporters that ... ' The pronoun ` he ' could represent ` the Vice President ' -LRB- no 's -RRB- , because both are in the nominative case . But the possessive ` Vice President 's ' is no ` he ; ' it serves as an adjective . '' Yet in his introduction on page viii he writes `` I have gained both space and speed by trimming prolixities from Follett 's prose and by making some explanations a bit simpler than he left them . '' So much for a possessive noun not being an antecedent to a pronoun.The idea that a noun is the genitive case is an improper antecedent to a pronoun is erroneous . A noun in the genitive case is noun , not an adjective . In fact for as long as there has been an English language the case of antecedent noun has been irrelevent to a pronoun.And that 's all you need to know .
 A poor , incomplete and unwieldy reference . `` Modern American Usage '' fails to deal with many of the everyday issues people struggle with in their writing -- the list of omissions is long and varied -- and those that are included are sometimes addressed with a lack of thoroughness or clarity . Too often , and too irritatingly , entries merely redirect users to other headings , when the issue could easily have been resolved under the original entry-heading . Those involved in creating this edition seem not to appreciate that a little duplication goes a long way in making what is , first and foremost , a craftsperson 's tool user-friendly .
 I was disappointed -- really . Apparently , this book is merely a smaller , truncated version of the `` real '' book , by practically the same title -- Feed a Family of Four for a s Slow as $ 10 a week and enjoy a BITE of independence . And while I would like to read the larger version , after the experience I 've had in ordering this one , I 'm unlikely to go back for more . I feel like I 've been misled , because this does n't cover all of what is in the other book , and reference to it is made within this smaller version , but no reference was made to the fact that this is a smaller version of the whole in the ordering/buying process.While some of the recipes are good , they are n't better than what can be found elsewhere -- and the whole concept of `` wheat meat '' grosses me out . Why not just go vegetarian ? To do this program , you need to either be in a rural situation -LRB- urban neighbors do n't appreciate beehives and chickens -RRB- or on a very large suburban lot . The point of cutting my food budget is to GET there -- not what the plan needs to be when I do.Overall , I found the title misleading . If you are tempted , at least buy the `` original '' version -- it 's got to be better than this .
 I purchased this book to add to my frugal cookbook collection.Unfortunately , this book should not be classified under cookbooks , but rather homestead living . Even then , it is not up to par . I guess if you were the type of individual preparing for the former Y2K , this book would have been handy . But , not for the average individual looking for ways to save in their kitchen.There is included a chapter on home butchering , and that is limited to rabbits . Would have found it more helpful to include wild duck , pork or turkey also.Definitely not worth the cost .
 As a Psychologist , I believe mealtimes are sacred events . Family bonding takes place and culture is often passed to the next generation at this event . After reading this book , the author would have you believe all food in America is poisoned and will kill you . I agree with the first reviewer , save your money and do n't buy the book .
 The author supports his thesis with weak scientific arguments . I wish I had saved my money and not bought this book .
 This book was first published at the beginning of the century , and the expected audience was educated Englishman . This means that Trevelyan assumes the reader is already very familiar with not only the general outline of the history but also of the individuals and the roles they play.For example , to criticize James I he says he `` deliberately chose Carr and Villiers . '' If you nodded knowingly , then you 'll probably enjoy the book . But most Americans , unless they have a strong interest in the Stuart monarchy , probably say `` Carr ? Villiers ? Who the heck are they ? '' Be prepared to say that frequently , and to read at least 20 pages -LRB- often more -RRB- before the casually thrown out reference is finally explained . If you remember it by the time you get there.In addition , his writing style nears the heights -LRB- or depths -RRB- of Victorian impenetrability . Be prepared to reread a sentence a couple of times just to figure out what the subject and verb are , and what phrase modifies which noun . I 'm not usually put off by difficult language , but this book went a little too far in that direction even for an individual who reads Dickens and Donne for fun.Finally , the author 's prejudices and opinions are in full display . This book was written before the expectation that an author should remain neutral , or at least not overtly biased , was firmly entrenched . In my opinion , this actually adds to the interest of the book rather than detracts from it , but the reader should keep in mind that the opinions expressed are strictly those of the author and not the unanimous verdict of history.If you extremely interested in the time of the Stuarts , then you will probably find this book fascinating in its presentation of the historical judgement of 100 years ago . If you are not already well informed on the subject and not a fan of complex language where plain would do , then you 'll be better off looking elsewhere .
 Never got a tracking number , contacted the seller three weeks after my order and they were of no help to me ! I had to buy the book somewhere else ! The seller took days to contact me back and most of the time never contacted me at all ! I would NEVER buy from this seller again I am extremely dissapointed . .
 This book reads like an encyclopedia or a bibliography . Every other sentence has a quote from some other source . You do n't really get to hear Kahane 's voice . I was expecting to hear his philosophy , but instead I got jewish philosophy from others . This book might be good for people who do n't know much about judaism , but if you 're looking for Kahane , you wo n't find him here . You could easily take Kahane 's name off the cover , and just look at the table of contents , and then just open to the chapter that interests you and read what other jewish sources had to say about things like humility , love for God , and love for fellow jews . I still want to check out the second volume , because it looks more interesting than the first .
 Cheap little foldout card in very small print that is hard to read . The free stuff found in Hotels is better .
 This book is n't as accurate as The Day Lincoln Was Shot . Jim Bishop , is accurate for most of the events that took place on November 22 , 1963 , except the facts about Lee Harvey Oswald . His statements about Oswald waiting for Kennedy on the 6th floor of the School Book Depository is flying in the face of all the eyewitnesses . No one saw Oswald on the 6th floor . He was seen on the 2nd floor five minutes before and 90 seconds after the assassination . Many people ran to the Grassy Knoll and not the School Book Depository after the assassination.Bishop 's statements about Oswald 's mother trying to cash in on her son 's death is wrong . She proclaimed her son 's innocence to the day she died . If you watch the films of Oswald 's funeral service , she 's crying . Bishop tries to make you believe that she was a bad woman who raised a bad son.If you want to find out the facts of the Kennedy assassination , this book is n't the one for you . It condemns a man who was `` just a patsy '' , as he said the day before he himself was murdered .
 From the opening sequence depicting the alleged events in the Kennedy 's suite at the Hotel Texas in Fort Worth that morning , complete with the character 's imaginary thoughts , one immediately gains the uncomfortable impression that Mr. Bishop is merely making this stuff up . His detailed analysis of those fateful 60 seconds in Dealey Plaza is worse than conjecture , it is utterly IMPOSSIBLE . Not only does he treat us to a detailed description of Oswald 's alleged actions and even thoughts as he supposedly sits in that window in the School Book Depository -LRB- from which we now know at least some of the shots could not have been fired -RRB- with a complete absence of witnesses or testimony , he then goes on to describe how the first bullet missed , hit the street BEHIND the car yet managed to spray the occupants in their FACES with `` cement dust '' , and then somehow ricocheted over , under , or around the car to then hit the curb two streets away and account for Mr. Tague 's facial injuries . Not only is this feat of physics utterly impossible , it is not recounted in this manner by one single witness to these events . Even if the reader were predisposed to believe that Mr. Oswald acted alone , which not only is not plausible but is not possible in the face of known evidence , it is ridiculous to imagine that Mr. Bishop would know it to be due to Oswald 's wife and mother not treating him sufficiently like a `` man '' . The concept of an impartial analysis of the day 's events is an interesting one , but having amassed quite an assassination library myself I would strongly recommend that this early apologist effort be passed over . You can get a better accounting of the details with a great deal less spin in Jim Marrs ' `` Crossfire '' .
 Let 's start with the positives : - the book is easy to read and reasonably well written ; - the basic facts of the story are covered ; - the book starts the story way back before the problems emerged so that you get a feel for what the business was up to.But - it is very short book for such a complex subject - the `` unravelling '' - the investigations into `` what went wrong '' are -LRB- ironically -RRB- not well covered - there is almost no coverage of the Andersen issuesSo save your dollar , pound , euro or yen - do n't waste it on this book .
 Having read many newspaper and magazine accounts of the fall of Enron , including excellent coverage in The New York Times and BusinessWeek , this book really does n't add much . It 's a concise retelling of the events , so that 's nice . But it imparts no greater understanding or context . Among the problems
 The book was thrown together . The author wanted to be a first mover in the marketplace that analyzed what went wrong at Enron . However , the author neglected to mention in detail and explain how off balance sheet special purpose entities were Enron 's demise . This is a waste of time and money to read .
 `` What Went Wrong With Enron ' desrves some credit for trying to quickly explain the collapse of the company just six months after it declared bankruptcy . But the book does a poor job of explaining how Enron grew to be the world 's biggest energy trader , also lacks in color on the main personalities such as Ken Lay and Andrew Fastow and on the corporate culture that allowed for accounting fraud .
 I suppose this book provides a decent overview of what happened at Enron -LRB- this could be accomplished in much less than the 150 large print small pages it takes the authors -RRB- , but the complete lack of depth left me feeling a little like I might after reading the box score of a baseball game.I rather suspect the primary reason for the lack of depth in this book is a desire to get it in print as soon as possible . I do not recommend this book for anyone who really wants to understand what happened at Enron .
 Some have called this book a `` basic guide '' for the Enron mess . I would call it a basic guide for falling asleep . I worked at Enron , and there is nothing more annoying than self-proclaimed experts trying to explain the ins-and-outs of a company from the outside . It 's about as accurate and useful as a binder-ful of news clippings . This book fails to capture the spirit of Enron , and fails to capture the essence of what really went wrong . I hope some better books come along , because the quick-and-dirty paperback version here was a waste of time and money .
 Some have called this book a `` basic guide '' for the Enron mess . I would call it a basic guide for falling asleep . I worked at Enron , and there is nothing more annoying than self-proclaimed experts trying to explain the ins-and-outs of a company from the outside . It 's about as accurate and useful as a binder-ful of news clippings . This book fails to capture the spirit of Enron , and fails to capture the essence of what really went wrong . I hope some better books come along , because the quick-and-dirty paperback version here was a waste of time and money .
 There were no ideas that were not developed by the 1960 's in this book . There were a lot of stereotypical ` war stories ' of stuttering . The old mantra of self-esteem , which is being proven scientifically false over and over , is trotted out and delved into at length . Additionally , a lot of work is spent on relaxation technigues , coupled with manipulating the way you think about things -LRB- called framing in the book -RRB- . Basically the author encourages one to ` get over it ' . There are some slick new acronyms such as PWS -LRB- the person who stutters !!! -RRB- but come on ... no advancement.I 'd encourage interested readers to check out the Valsalva techniques found in other books such as by William Parry . Also do a Google search - there are some interesting articles about research on the left vs right brain usage that are beneficial to be aware of and focus on .
 This book truly is a disappointment . Way too oversimplified and overpriced for what you get . Other simple introductory texts by Bernanrd Jensen do a much better job at laying out iridology basics . I ca n't believe I actually just wrote that considering the lack of up-to-date European research NOT represented in the work of the late Dr. Jensen . Figures are low resolution hand drawings . Color plates of cases at the end of the book give no commentary whatsoever . Bamer is also unclear in describing certain iris configurations and should have included more detailed slides to help clarify his presentation . Also , the herbal and nutritional treatments are much too generalized to possibly be suitable for each and every person presenting with a given configuration -LRB- herbal medicine simply is n't practiced that way by traditional standards -RRB- . Anyway , the only thing this book has going for it is a very brief introduction to sclerologic diagnosis - which is a relatively neglected science until recently . With about 30 large-font 51/2 '' x 8 '' pages devoted to this subject - including poor resolution hand drawn pictures - Bamer may have just as well omitted the subject from the book altogether . My suggestion
 But I did n't . Widely considered a literary classic , I honestly did n't get what the fuss was about.Granted , Goethe is a man of towering genius ; his understanding of human nature is very much in evidence here . However , reading the book , I feel it is very much a product of its time . The narrative format -LRB- letters written by the protagonist -RRB- as well as the excessive sentimentality , were products of the `` Age of Sentimentality '' that swept through much of Europe during the latter half of the 18th-century . One 's take on the book , therefore , correlates highly with how one reacts to the features of this period . The constant snivelling and braying that occurs throughout the book is unendurable , and the unlikeliness of the events is compounded by the artifice of the narration itself -LRB- the epistolary novel -RRB- . However , because , it 's Goethe writing , there is the occasional timeless observation -LRB- `` When we feel inadequate to ourselves , everything seems inadequate to us '' -RRB- that only Goethe can put into words . Its moments such as those that salvage an otherwise uninteresting read.As is common with Norton editions , the text is packed with useful annotations , biographical notes , and critical studies . The translation is also good , maintaining the tenor of Goethe 's words but updating them for modern ears.Since this text was a crucial contributor to the `` sturm und drang '' -LRB- storm and stress -RRB- movement , one perhaps would be best served by appreciating the historical value of the text , and discounting its `` factual content '' -LRB- to steal from Benjamin -RRB- . Otherwise , I fear one might run into the same problems I did .
 This is a horrible book ! It should be read to inmates who get life imprisonment .
 I 'm a long-time , Philadelphia record collector , collecting 1950s rhythm 'n' blues music - vocal groups and single artists . While knowledgeable about radio disc jockeys , my knowledge is weak regarding radio history . Traipsing through Amazon.com , I stumbled upon and bought Listening In
 I love radios and radio . I have always loved radio , so much so , in fact , that I have taken it upon myself to learn how to repair and restore old tube radios for the unique sound that they posses . I bought Susan J. Douglas 's book `` Listening In ... '' because of the preponderance of good reviews . I 'll admit to only having gotten as far as page 9 , when I came accross a startlingly inaccurate statement . She writes `` The press and most cultural observers ignore radio , except when Stern pushes his own rather relaxed limits of tastefulness too far , or when conservative talk show hosts instruct their listeners on the best method for gunning down federal officials . '' This is just 2 sentences after mentioning Rush Limbaugh specifically . Now regardless of your political bent , this is just flat out inaccurate . I have listened to Rush Limbaugh for over 3 years on an almost daily basis and he has never , not even hinted at gunning down anyone , government or otherwise . Rush Limbaugh has the largest radio audience at present and possibly ever . He has more listeners on a daily basis than almost any national news show , including the televised news shows on ABC , NBC , CBS and CNN . So she has her facts wrong on arguably the most popular radio show in history . Now we 're talking about facts here , not politics . Rush Limbaugh , Sean Hannity , Jeff Beck and Mark Levin , the 4 most listened to shows on talk radio , probably in radio history , never talk about gunning down anyone , period . It 's not about politics . It 's about facts . You do n't have to like these people . You just have to be able to admit to the facts . The Rush Limbaugh Show has something like 10 + times the average daily listeners when compared to any news show on CNN , NBC or CBS . She is apparently writing a tomme about the psychology of radio listening without ever having listened to the most popular radio shows ever and is ignorant of the published ratings . I have to question that . Where did she get that notion from , I wonder ? Let 's hope it was Amy Goodman on Pacifica , at least that 's the radio . What other facts does she get wrong in this book ? Well , on to page 10 . Let 's hope she can pull this one out . I 'll give her the 2nd star for hope and the book was only about $ 13 .
 I think this author has a great imagination with a lot of fantastic ideas , but she was a little lukewarm on the whole magic front . She never explained any of anything , by the end of the book I still had no idea what was going on , so that is to say that throughout the whole book I never knew what was happening.As you can see , this book drove me crazy . I could n't believe how the author refused to let any single plot line be , instead she had to jump from one thing to the other like she could n't decide . I would much have prefered Reason stay in Sydney , Australia the whole time just so some of the questions all the readers had could have been answered . This book is possibly the most frustrating book I have ever read.I think the author wanted to wait until the second book of the trilogy to explain everything so she explained absolutely nothing to us in this book . I say skip this , and wait for the second book , that 's what I wish I 'd done . As I said , great potential , but no followthrough on , really , any front .
 I have alluded -LRB- or more like outright stated -RRB- in my previous reviews my love of anything to do with witches and magic . Even thinking about anything remotely to do with magic instantly brings me back to a much more innocent place in my life . Ever since this , okay I 'll say it , obsession with this type of world started , I 've been searching for books about magic that would take me back to the wonderment I first felt by watching something about it -LRB- Charmed -RRB- and reading something about it -LRB- Harry Potter -RRB- . Some of the books have been good , but most of them have been a tad on the mediocre side . Magic or Madness , unfortunately , falls under the latter.First of all , the main character , Reason was completely inconsistent . No 15 year old is that nave . It just does n't happen . After a while , it did start to grate a little . In fact , every time Jay-Tee was getting annoyed at the same thing and wanting to punch Reason , I kept thinking that she should totally go for it . And as the story progressed , I was wishing for navet&eacute; to come back because Reason was starting to turn into a damn idiot . But going back to the inconsistent part , she was taught to be on guard and a bit on the paranoid side . However , she just stands by and swallows all the fake crap that people tell her . It was like everyone else was saying `` Dance , puppet , dance ! '' and Reason was all , `` I should n't ... but OKAY !!!! '' And then there are moments when she starts being wise -LRB- after like 24 hours which also makes it inconsistent -RRB- and then goes back to being an idiot . In fact , I found reason and Tom -LRB- her maybe love interest in the future -RRB- both idiots . Tom was all `` I have to SAVE Reason '' , yet all he does for most of the book is stop by a caf&eacute; or a restaurant to eat something . He was equally as useless as Reason.The only characters I even remotely liked were Jay-Tee and Esmeralda . I found Jay-Tee to be refreshing and I 've always been drawn to `` troubled '' characters . Mostly because they tend to be less annoying than the actual goody-goodies in YA books -LRB- and this is coming from someone who was a complete goody-goody in high school -RRB- . I was also extremely intrigued by Esmeralda . So much that I was hoping that she would narrate some chapters of the book -LRB- yes I know it 's a YA book so I should 've known she would n't -RRB- . Again , it could be my love of `` troubled '' characters shining through . The magic in the Magic or Madness was also intriguing . It 's too bad that it was only lightly touched upon in this book.So , Magic or Madness was a bit of a bust for me . I just did n't find Reason 's portrayal realistic . Neither was Tom , come to think of it . Will I read the second book ? Probably . But only because of that interesting storyline involving Esmeralda that I think may come up . But it sure as hell wo n't be anytime soon .
 This had all the elements that had me excited
 This novel has a lot of good ideas , but gets distracted and goes off into several different directions at once . First we meet Reason , a surprisingly sophisticated 15 year old for someone who 's never been to school and has lived in the bush with a crazy mother her entire life . She 's going to live with her grandmother who is a horrible , evil witch -- at least according to Sarafina , the aforementioned mad maternal figure . Grandma seems quite normal . at least on the surface , and writes 3 letters to explain things -LRB- which Reason never reads -- extremely frustrating -RRB- . Reason explores the house and finds a collection of human teeth the remains of a dead cat that was killed in some sort of bizarre ceremony . -LRB- Neither of these incidents is brought to a conclusion within the book . -RRB- Reason leaves all these loose ends behind to frolic with the teenage warlock-in-training/clothes designer next door who is then put aside before his story can get too interesting.So the heroine runs off to New York City through grandma 's magic door to hang out with Jay-Tee , a homeless kid working for an evil magician . Something terrible happened to Jay Tee to drive her away from her family but the author does n't bother to go into details on this either beyond a few tantilizing clues.Then Reason meets her evil grandfather and ... you guessed it . Everyone flees back to Sydney , Austrailia lest any loose ends get tied up which might satisfy the reader 's curiousity . `` Magic or madness '' is part of a trilogy , the author is clearly going to make you buy all three books before she answers any of the many questions she has posed.Shame on the editor and publisher for allowing an unfinished story like this to go into print .
 A mother that drags her child from village to village running from an evil witch may not seem quite sane . That would be because she 's not . Her child , Reason , the main character , seems to think her mother is perfectly ok even though she tried to kill herself twice . It really leads you to think that the evil witch grandmother ca n't be that bad . So when Reason is shipped off to live with the crazy witch , we assume the grandmother will turn out normal . Not quite . There is the cat with it 's throat cut in the basement , and the numerous teeth in random places to be considered . I was enjoying the first half of the book where Reason explores the witch 's house and befriends the next door neighbor , but everything changed when Reason goes through the back door into New York . The pace changed , and my interest waned . Reason is taken in by another 15 year old and they go around the town exploring for a few hundred pages . Then , evil grandfather enters the picture . Every adult in the book seems crazy and dangerous , and I do n't see why the children made the choices that they did in the end . Finding out that the 15 year old gets pregnant in the next book does n't seem to bother anyone , but it bothers me . In any other YA book parents would be going off the deep end at the barest hint of sex , but not with these books for some reason . Even without knowing that , this book disappointed me . It 's not a fun tale of magic and evil grandmothers , it 's a creepy tale of abductions , magic pimps , and crazy people . I 'm not even remotely interested in what the lost letters have in them and I do n't want to go further into this series and read about teenage angst and pregnancy .
 The book started out interestingly enough , informing the readers about the last surviving member of a New Orleanian clan , before continuing to the meat of the story , which is an upcoming family wedding . The author explores the thoughts and experiences of many characters , which can be confusing . The book even has an supplemental information section at the end of the book that contains materials that might aid in the understanding of what 's going on.When reading the book , I got the sense that if I had read Dufresne 's previous work about the same clan of characters , that I would 've followed the story better . It 's not too bad a book if there 's nothing else to read .
 It was a very convivuled book and difficult to get into . The people 's names were difficult to keep track of and the wanderings of the author were distracting .
 I should have read the reviews before orderin this book . Yes , the historywas interesting and I learned alot . The problem was that the list of colourplates were missing , the list of black and white illustrations were missing , the illustrations in text -LRB- quilting designs -RRB- were missing . The reason Iordered this book was to learn how to make the quilting designs . If I hadknown these were missing I would have gone to a regular bookstore to order it .
 The kindle sample is totally useless . Based on other reviews I wanted to find out if there were any color plates in the kindle edition . All you get is one page , the table of contents , with links that ALL go to the same message offering to sell the book .
 Filiquarian Publishing is deceptively marketing a $ 9.99 reprint of Webster 's classic quilt history book . It is a cheesy print-on-demand text-only version , with none of the original color and black-and-white illustrations . It is certainly not a `` high quality '' paperback . How can a quilt book be `` high quality '' without a single illustration !
 The above would have been a far more fitting title for this collection . The title gives one the impression that this is a book of recipes from Czech and Slovak immigrants who brought over mushroom recipes from the old country . This is in fact a collection of recipes from Americans of Czech descent -LRB- predominantly from the Midwest - 72 of the 97 recipes are from contributors living in Iowa , and only 9 from contributors living in East - or West-Coast states -RRB- , probably several generations removed from the old country , and having seemingly no knowledge of Czech cuisine - certainly almost none of the recipes here show any basis in the cuisines of Eastern or Central Europe at all , beyond the occasional use of sour cream!As for `` quality '' , most of these recipes remind me of the kind of the kind of things you 'd find in a 1950 's `` Better Homes and Gardens '' cookbook - numerous recipes for casseroles and meatloaf , stuffed mushrooms , pallid versions of Asian and French dishes , etc. . Many recipes call specifically very low-quality ingredients , for example , a quiche recipe that calls for Velveeta cheese ! The recipes here seem to have been compiled in 1959 , not 1999 . The vast improvements and innovations that have taken place in American cooking over the last 30 years seem to have largely passed by the contributors to this collection . Even the better recipes here -LRB- such as Pork Loin with Three-Mushroom Sauce -RRB- are recipes any knowledgeable cook could adapt out of `` The Joy of Cooking '' . My recommendation if one is looking for Czech mushroom recipes is to pick up Jack Czarnecki 's `` Joe 's Book of Mushroom Cookery '' and try some of the Czech-inspired recipes found there , or pick up a good Czech/Slovak cookbook and adapt recipes found there to dishes featuring various kinds of mushrooms .
 Best Audience
 Very little actual magic , practical or otherwise is included in this overly sentimental and boring story about sisters who grow up under the stigma of being witches . There 's crying aplenty as EVERY single character breaks into tears at the drop of a hat . You read and read waiting for something to HAPPEN , but nothing interesting ever does . This is one case in which the movie was much better than the book .
 As a former English teacher and lover of good fiction , I have enjoyed Alice Hoffman 's `` Turtle Moon , '' `` Illumination Night , '' and `` Seventh Heaven . '' When my daughter offered `` Practical Magic , '' I snapped it up , and read it in a day , while attending a conference in Boston . I could n't believe the poor quality of the writing , when compared with `` Turtle Moon , '' say . Use of the f -- word was gratuitous , and the plot was strained to say the least . The witchy aunts -LRB- up there in Salem , I presume , -RRB- were interesting , once Hoffman got around to coloring in their sketches , in the last few pages . Lust , not true love , seemed to be the driving force . Come on , this is for ninth graders . What about the rest of us , who expect much more from Alice Hoffman ? If you really want to enjoy Magic Realism , read `` Like Water for Chocolate !! ''
 I finished this book in about 3 days realizing that the only thing that was noteworthy was the fact I had lost 3 days in my life to which I could have been reading something that was worthy of my time rather than wasting my time on this book . I read the book and saw the movie at the same time . If Hoffman had written a book with the same heart as the movie , maybe then I would not be so harsh . Plus , did she even do any kind of research for this book ? Being a Wiccian , I am very disappointed.This girl needs to learn a few things about magic and the occult before she writes a book on it !!!!
 I 'm reading this book because my book club choose it . It 's mostly narrartive . There are no scenes of action and very little dialogue . Then in part two the author switches to using the present tense which is an irrating tense to read in and certainly did n't make the story `` now '' . I kept waiting for the real story to happen , but it does n't . One thing , if writing this bad can be acclaimed , maybe my efforts have hope . I wo n't read another of her books .
 Drag , drag , drag . I kept reading for two reasons
 I love Alice Hoffman but think this is the worst book I have ever read by her . There are so many refrences to food and stupid ones that it reads like a bad Julia Childs cookbook , and the only magic in this book is omens . Omens like swans and black cats , a bad Anne Rice . Aside from this the story is weak and without a point . Where is the Hoffman I enjoy ?
 I simply do n't know what all the fuss is about . Alice Hoffman 's style of writing does not impress me in the least . Where 's the dialogue !
 I have to say I was slightly disappointed by this novel . I 've heard such good things , and I loved The Dovekeepers , Hoffman 's most recent novel . I have n't read anything else by her yet , but I will.From the PublisherPractical Magic is a tale of two sisters , Gillian and Sally Owens , brought up by their two elderly guardian aunts in a world of spells and exotica from which they eventually escape - one by running away , the other by marrying - but which never escapes from them . Many years go by before strange circumstances thrust them together again , and again they are in a world that blends the mundane and the mysterious , the familiar and the fantastic , the normal and the numinous . Three generations of Owens women are then united in an experience of unexpected insight and revelation , teaching all of them that the perceptions provided by what is called the magical are rare and wonderful endowments.This book was good . Please , do n't get me wrong . But ... I guess it was the POV that threw me off . It was a strange POV . Third person , very distanced from the characters . Sometimes , it was present tense , and sometimes , Hoffman would go into the future . She 's say something like , `` The winds would later become so strong that in the morning , not a single trash can would be left standing . `` That 's not a direct quote , but it 's close . Then , after a paragraph of describing what the strong winds would do , Hoffman would come back to the present.Though it was odd to me , it did work with the overall tone for the novel in a way I ca n't really explain . I guess , the aura of mystery surrounding the main characters . The fear of the unknown and the gravity of the sisters ' positions in life , being gifted with this magic that can reveal so much about other people , both the good and the evil.I enjoyed it . But compared to other books I 've read , I have to rate it only 2 stars .
 I did n't enjoy this book as much as I did the movie , usually the book are much better but I was surprisingly disappointed .
 I read this , got done and said ` Huh ? Did I miss the point ? ' I 'm sure someone else would say ` Oh it 's a character study . ' Me - I like a plot . There did n't seem to be much of one here .
 The author writes with an omnipresent/fairy tale voice that sometimes works in short stories , but becomes grating in novels . The characters are bizarre , not charming , with the aunts being creepy hags , Gillian a self-centered jerk , and Sally a sad sack who raises two brats . Worst of all ? No real magic is presented -LRB- at least in the parts I manged to read -RRB- . I got through 28 % of the book on my Kindle before I got tired of waiting for the plot to show up
 I did not like this book . Not one bit . I study the occult and the occult references in the book were hazy at best , but that is acceptable since it is meant for mainstream consumption . What got to me most about this book is that there is almost no dialog , there are periods where there are three pages without dialog , without vaugely meaninful description -LRB- like say Moby Dick -RRB- , but just pure nariation . The book is written from an omni-scentiant point of view , so it is hard to care very much about any one of the characters as a main character . Now perhaps it is acceptable for Clancy to have five main characters , when he writes a 900 page book , but this book being around 250 , ca n't support the lack of focus .
 After being drawn in by the magical possibilities of a Rossetti painting on the dustjacket -LRB- of the hardcover -RRB- and an epigraph from Mother Goose , I was disappointed that what followed was sheer hokum . Most disappointing
 I first saw the film when I was 17 and fell in love with the story . So after years of being a fan of the film I decided to try out the book . The book is nothing like the movie . I set that detail aside and decided to continue reading even though it was not the story I was hoping for . The book was dull with what I feel is poor character development . So 2 months after my purchase I still have several chapters to go and no real interest continue reading . Her style of writing is annoying at times when she tries to add poetic sequences in places where you just want information . Its likely I wont buy another book from this author .
 I read one of Hoffman 's other books , Illumination Night , and liked it well enough , though it seemed at time as if she were trying to imitate Anne Tyler with soem magical realism thrown in . Practical Magic started with some potential , but after about a third of the way into the book I had to stop reading . Her characers , and the way she staged their interactions , did not ring true and come to life . Rather , the book seemed mired in the emotional and imaginative level of a second-rate TV movie . All of which was especially disappointing , since Hoffman 's original setup had some real potential - she just never realized it by pulling out all the stops and letting her tale set its own internal logic . Instead , she settled for cheap melodrama .
 This is the first time in my reading life that I can say that the movie is better than the book . I honestly wish that I 'd read the book first , because the monumental let down of reading the book after the movie has been something I can not reconcile . The movie is beautiful , the storyline is engaging and witty , and the characters draw you in and make you laugh and cry . Yet the book is so far removed from the movie , they are hardly relatable at all , with such flimsy linkages , you could actually see them as two completely different stories.The book is slow , very American , with a somewhat annoying narration . I did not love any of the main characters , and for a book that makes a vague attempt at being supernatural , many of the ` magical ' things that happened in the book were less believable because it did not step strongly enough into the supernatural theme . It was like any other suburban novel , with a few sparkly tweaks.I 've never been so disappointed in a novel . I was looking forward to really knowing the Aunts , to feel myself in that old house , but it was n't too be . I felt like I was reading just some book , not the original premise of my favourite movie.I 'm completely bummed .
 Anyone that loved the movie , will not like this book . I have seen the movie more times than I can count , so I was excited to get this book . I was very disappointed . The aunts really do not have a place except here and there . The closeness of all the women was just lacking to me . One of my favorite parts of the movie is what led up to Jimmy 's death and the solution . So not in the book . The magic is just lacking . Sorry .
 You 've read the summary , so I 'll just cut to the chase . First of all , loved , loved , loved Hoffman 's ` voice ' and use of language
 I read Alice Hoffman 's `` Turtle Moon '' and thoroughly enjoyed it . A good , sturdy plot . Real characters , for whom one could care . Description of Florida 's atmospherics that were right on.So imagine my chagrin when I waded through THIS piece of fluff . This book stinks . Someone has to refute the lava flow of gush here . This is for former girl scouts , waxing nostalgic about telling sanatized horror stories around sanatized camp fires , pounding smores.Stephen King Lite . C'mon , move on up from those bodice-ripping novels , we 've got REAL women here!Characters ? Sally is SO beautiful . Gillian is SO beautiful . Kylie is SO beautiful . Antonia is SO beautiful . SO what ? Why would anyone care about these losers ? None has any redeeming qualities -LRB- granted Sally DOES keep a neat house -RRB- , and , by the way , one IS a murderess.The occultism -LRB- upon which , supposedly , the `` charm '' of this book hangs -RRB- is a turgid mishmash of new age touchy feely , dimestore Halloween spooky , and drag queen camp . Mysterious toads , menacing swans and black cats abound . Boo ! Scarey.I suppose the author 's use of color would be spellbinding -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- to gradeschoolers . Lessee , green is for envy , red for blood and other yucky stuff , black for things that go bump in the night ... well , you get the picture . Dick , Jane and Spot would get the picture . `` By the very next morning that edge of jealously Antonia has been dragging around with her will be gone , leaving only the faintest green outline on her pillow , in the place where she rests her head . '' If it had been a MAUVE outline , we 'd be lost!The clunkers found on every page
 I do n't usually complain about the prices of Kindle books , but -- paperback $ 7 , Kindle version $ 13 ? Not buying it . Not even the dead-tree version .
 I got this because I like stories about witches , good stories . This one never made it . Badly written . No one in this book grabbed me . It had wonderful potential with moments of magic and then poof gone . What a shame . Other books of hers were much better . This one was a bummer .
 I have no idea how they got the movie from this awful book . It had such potential , such a unique and interesting setting , but went nowhere , did nothing ! Every time it seemed like the author was moving towards something interesting , some plot point or twist , she 'd just let it DROP ! None of her build-ups went anywhere , leaving the plot empty and pointless . She just let everything hang in the air with nowhere to fall . And then she tried to cover up her lack of writing ability by putting an f-bomb about every other page or so . I always thought the movie had a couple of little plot holes in it , but now I know what they were working from , and the movie totally SAVED this shallow story.This is one of the ONLY times I have ever liked the MOVIE more than the BOOK ! Ordinarily , I would recommend a book over its film counterpart , but in this case , I would tell anybody to watch the movie and stay far away from the book ! What a staggeringly disappointing novel .
 I have seen the movie and love it . I also have the soundtrack to the movie and love that . I got about half way thru the book and just stopped . I did not like the authors writing style , from a third person point of view . I could not get inside the characters because the book was not told from one of their view - points . Also , it did not flow smoothly for me . The story jumped around and did not unfold evenly . I was very disappointed . This is one case where the movie was much better than the book .
 What a waste of time . I 'm sorry I 'm one of them people who usually read the book first and will usually like the book better than the movie . However in this overall situation it 's vice versa . When I first saw the movie it was fun and interesting . Highly entertaining and witty . The book was a dreadful bore . Okay first of all the movie added more to the whole overall `` Magic '' theme . Here it 's pretty much just implied . So okay I can deal with that , Hollywood changes a lot of things . The second thing was the story itself . These woman , interesting but really there just plain boring . Sally and Gillian were only just okay the story itself the situations seem plain and farfetched . As if she was trying to keep it realistic but failed miserably . The worst thing overall I must say it 's the writing itself . It was dull . I mean she poured us in detail that could of simply been put across by the actions of the characters , even dialogue . I do n't need to know a five sentence paragraph to figure out why Gillian did such a thing because of her personality is different than Sally 's which has been described earlier in the book before countless times . I hated the writing of it too much droning details not enough action , I 'm sorry but Hollywood saved this story overall . I mean by the time something did seem to happen it was too late I 've waited long enough and merely lost interest . Overall it 's not worth buying , hardly worth checking out in your public library .
 The movie is better than the book . The character of Sally Owens is just too drab and dry in the book . Also , the aunts are barely characters .
 I bought this book about two years ago and could n't get into it . After I saw the movie , I decided to give it another shot because I loved the movie . I could not believe how poorly written the book really was . The author goes back and forth between present and past tenses . She abruptly changes character viewpoints without a transition so you think you 're reading about one character only to find she had changed to a different one . Very confusing . To make matters worse , she stops action right in the middle with long narrative flashbacks . The movie was a huge improvement over the book , and I actually liked it a lot . Now if I could only learn to fly off the roof ...
 This book covers a lot of ground in a very short time . Within the first 50 pages , Sally and Gillian , the two protagonist sisters of this tome , grow through adolescence and into young adulthood . Sally falls in love with a hardware store clerk , gets married , has two children who also grow into their teen years and then lose their , by now hardware store manager , father in a tragic automobile accident , and then they all move to another state . Meanwhile , Gillian rebels and leaves the roost , marrying three times , divorcing twice , committing apparent homicide against the third , and returning to Sally with a corpse in the back of her car.To say that Hoffman is in a hurry to get somewhere is to say everything . Unfortunately , where she is going is anyone 's guess , but dinner would be a good bet . If Magic were indexed , one could probably find over two hundred and fifty references to food -LRB- more than one for every page -RRB- including twenty references for coke , eighteen for ice cream , and three for butter . Sadly , there would be only three references to witchcraft or magic . Why Hoffman decided to write about four generations of witches without including more than an occasional episode of witchcraft is the real mystery here . The answer may be that she wanted to ration the spells lest she really need them for conjuring something serious , like finding a plot . This practical side of Hoffman belies the unlikely title of Magic.There are conflicts , of course , but every problem along the way is solved with equal dispatch and economy
 The characters are one dimensional . I do n't want to be yet another `` broken record '' repeating what 's already been said but I have to say this
 I have always liked the movie with Nicole Kidman and Sandra Bullock and I was expecting a very satisfying read . Unfortunately , Practical Magic proved to be a disappointment with its bland characters , loose plot and childish , simplistic tone . Gillian and Sally are one dimensional and mostly just pathetic . Although Sally 's daughters are better portrayed than the grown up characters , teenage depression is simply not enough to save a lagging story . Jimmy and his angry ghost , the aunts , the conservative little town the girls grew up and Sally 's love interest have very little place in the book and this does not help either.The only real success of the novel is Alice Hoffman 's ability to `` feed '' magical realism into an impossible place such as the lower middle class American suburbia . Still , this does not compensate for a story that has no charm within itself .
 I resented rewatched this movie and noticed it was based on a book so i eagerly got it for my kindle . I 'm about a quarter of the way through and I 'm not sure I 'm going to bother to finish reading it . I 'm finding the writing style a bit slow and where the movie was charming and characters were lovable , even with their flaws I 'm not finding myself unsympathetic to any of the characters in the book . I 'm not compelled to learn what happens to any of them because i just do n't care about them . Each character is described as being totally selfish in their own way so i have n't bonded with any of the characters enough to want to read about them .
 Though the time periods and character viewpoints jump around too much , this novel about a NE family of psuedo - witches is full of lush , evocative description . I enjoyed the many descriptions of food , plants and weather , and agree it is similar to Like Water For Chocolate.However , I also agree the plot is somewhat weak , the women too obviously beautiful and somewhat lacking in real personality . This I would blame on the disappointing lack of dialogue in Practical Magic . The men are basically flat . Lust seems to be more important than love -- the author seems to want to drive the point home that you can not escape lust/love no matter how hard you try . I did n't really learn anything from this novel , especially not anything to do with Wicca , witchcraft , or New Age philosophy.Overall it 's a pretty good read if you 're not too fussy .
 I tracked down this book because I loved the movie . And , as hollywood usually does , the movie is generally poorer than the book it is based on . Boy , was I disappointed ! The movie is far far far superior to the book . Interesting plots are dangled before you , but lead nowhere . Character development and growth is hoped for in the story , but never achieved . Gillian and Sally in the movie ? Fabulous and fascinating . Gillian and Sally -LRB- and their daughters -RRB- in the book ? Unremarkable and annoying . Allegory and symbolism in the movie ? Ok , I 'll admit , dumbed down a bit . But in the book ? Terrible , and stuffed down your throat in the most condesending way . And the overall writing style ? Atrocious ! Seems like a draft of a book , rather than the finished product . I love modern fiction , but I am very sorry I spent money on this book . Also note that , on purpose , I did n't watch the movie again right before reading the book , just to take a clearer perspective of the author 's words - and I still thought it was terrible !
 and after mulling it over I think that the book was OK , but not great . I admit I did see the movie several times before I bought the book , and they are VERY different from one another . The movie was much more dramatic , whereas the book -LRB- for me -RRB- moved very slowly . the aunts were not very promiant . There was barely any magic in the book and it did n't seem like much of a love story , Gary only shows up near the end . I did n't care about the characters , unlike the movie where it made me ache to have a sister ! So , I went and bought the movie ! I 'm quite happy now .
 My niece , who LOVES Angelina , was expecting a baby sister , so I was excited to find this book . I ordered it based on the other reviews . It started well , but when I reached the page where `` At that moment she -LSB- Angelina -RSB- hated Polly -LSB- the new baby -RSB- and wished Polly would just disappear ! '' I was taken aback . Hated ? My 3-year old niece does not yet know that concept , and I sure did n't want to be the one to introduce it ! On the next page Angelina has a tantrum and completely trashes her room . I decided I did n't want to give my niece ideas like this - and did n't give her book . Very disappointing .
 My daughter just turned 3 , and we have a new baby in the house . Angelina is new to my daughter , but I knew that my niece liked her when she was younger . We picked a couple of Angelina books out at the library . I had a problem with Angelina 's behavior in both books , and my daughter emulated the bad behavior from this book!When Angelina is n't getting the attention she wants , she throws a tantrum . She tosses books and toys around the room . As a result , she then gets the attention she desires from her parents and grandparents . After reading this , my daughter threw books at the door of her room one day , then told me `` I just got so angry , '' which is what Angela says in the book . And I had actually toned down Angelina 's tantrum when I got to that part.I also did n't like the fact that Angelina says she `` hates '' her baby sister -LRB- I skipped that line when reading it -RRB- . I suppose this is a lesson to me , to read books before reading them to my daughter.While the other book we checked out , `` Angela 's Birthday , '' was okay , there was still a point where Angela crashes her bike and says `` Why did you make me race ? '' to her friend Alice . I did n't see how placing the blame on someone else held any value in the story . Again , I edited this when reading to `` Why did we have to race ? `` If you 're looking for a book for a new or soon-to-be older sibling , my daughter enjoyed `` ZaZa 's Baby Brother '' and `` The Berenstain Bears ' New Baby . ''
 The moral of this book is awful ! Throw enormous tantrums to get your way and if you ruin anything in the process it will be fixed . Hate your baby ! I read it to my girls -LRB- wish I had read it to myself first and disposed of it -RRB- and my five year old thought very hard about it . `` Why would I make my room a big mess if you were busy with the baby ? It does n't make sense , '' she concluded . Good !
 I do n't know why I would present my 3 year old daughter with the idea that you can trash your room when you are angry and that we should use the word HATE towards a baby sister . This book seemingly had very little thought put into the lessons it was teaching . It is also pretty despicable how the adults in the story completely ignore Angelina when the baby comes . I would n't want my child to get the idea we might do that to her .
 In `` Angelina 's Baby Sister '' , the arrival of baby sister Polly has Angelina resorting to temper tantrums and bad behavior to get her parents ' attention . I felt this was the weakest of all the books in the Angelina series due to a number of reasons
 This is a very self-serving book about the war in Vietnam compiled by Tim Bowden from tapes and letters written and narrated by Neil Davis . Davis was a combat cameraman who is often and -LRB- wrongly as the book points out -RRB- credited with some of the wars most memorable footage . The book was to be co-written by Bowden and Davis but sadly Davis was killed in a shoot-out in Thailand before the book was complete . The Bowden as the credited sole author does little research on his subject other then transcribe tapes Davis made on his life.Davis life is interesting , but the book is not good research material for those wanting to find out what really happened in the Vietnam war . The book is mostly about singing Davis 's praises as a great Aussie who drank lots and did n't really care too much . Davis seems to take little interest in the politics or personalties shaping the war . Instead he spent his time ` drinking with his mates and chasing Asian Sheilas . ` Davis declines to give any insight into or information about on Australian soldier 's behaviour . Sticking to `` I saw nothing bad , I heard nothing bad '' routine when talking about his fellow countrymen . Most of the book deals with the thrills of going into combat , cheating on his Asian wife and how he felt it was just one big thrill after another to be free from the western idea of right and wrong . Furthermore Davis 's journalistic credibility goes completely out the window when we learn that part of the attraction of going into combat with the Asian soldiers was eating the enemy corpses.Cannibalism was a fact that Davis said he intentionally hid and much indulged in at the time . In the end Davis was addicted to the thrill of war and the Asian women whom he saw as part of a big amusement park that he had fun with but little commitment too .
 The title should be changed to , `` The Steve Irwin of wartime cameramen `` The book is filled with little substance . Just page by page bragging of what a baddass Neil Davis was ... Davis could run a marathon , drink 25 beers and then shag a dozen Thai hookers.In typical Australian prose Davis has non stop criticism for Americans and American policy in Southeast Asia ... but when it comes to Pol Pot and communism in Cambodia -LRB- the country and people that Davis most loved -RRB- a critical word is never mentioned . Davis and other Aussie greats like Wilfred Burchett have the blood of the 2 million people who died at the hands of Pol Pot on their hands .
 I 'm a big Lonely Planet fan but somehow this guide slipped through the cracks -LRB- and into the trashpile -RRB- . It 's nothing more than a generic checklist of hotels , restaurants , sights . Often , it fails to provide the perspective you need to customize your travel -- whether that 's better historical background or more colorful descriptions . It 'll offer a wealth of options , but it gives you no direction .
 while there were lyrical twists that led me to anticipate much more , i kept finding myself wholly unsatisfied at every turn and much disappointed in the end.part of me is very sorry to write this ; particularly because she and her asian american poet contemporaries are important to enhancing , diversifying , and complicating the literary scene -LRB- and canon -RRB- . i am also saddened because she had been celebrated in so many spaces , from the classroom to the stage ... i cringe at thinking she is forced to be one of the representative creative voices for my generation.i found this work to be tepid at best . her work in general is hackneyed and trite . like her live performance , she tries too hard to be down , desperately trying to follow a spoken word / urban poetry track rather than redefining it through her voice . even if she is wedded to that tradition , she may follow the cadence but not it 's soul.those that find her compelling do n't realize what they enjoy is the kitsch of her poorly done act . a rehash of old asian american literary voices in a form that is ill-fitted . this is not because she is an asian woman doing this -LRB- because there are tight , on point api women who are stellar poets and spoken word artists ! -RRB- ... this is because ms. park 's work and ability are lacking flavor and depth of thought.i know people may disagree with this review . however , when there are so few voices that allow my community to be heard , i want these groundbreaking folks to really break ground ... not merely slap on an `` asian sensibility '' on an overdone product.we need to redefine the landscape of poetry , my brothers and sisters . unfortunately , it will not be done through her work .
 Occasionally , and especially in non-English words , some letters are replaced with random punctuation marks . Annoying , but can usually be figured out with context . What 's really frustrating is that significant and often pivotal portions of the story have been COMPLETELY EDITED OUT . See if ' Fall of the House of Usher ' makes any sense to you with Roderick Usher 's final , climactic line entirely omitted , for example . Almost all verse and quotations have been omitted as well .
 But then again , what do you expect from a free book ? every single punctuation mark in the book is replaced with symbols like @ # $ % ^ & * -LRB- -RRB- ... . Whoever the hell made this version for the kindle needs a good slap in the face .
 The Kindle edition was obviously digitally scanned and MANY characters have been replaced by question marks or blank spaces . It makes the text very difficult to read , especially as Poe liked to pepper his short stories with quotes in Latin , Greek and French . I highly recommend Poe 's short stories - it 's just this edition that stinks .
 not a kindle fan . downloaded because it was free . didnt redownload the app on my new phone and anyways , this was all mised up , pages not in order .
 Like the others here that have noted the missing portions of the text -LRB- including the entire poem missing from the middle of Fall of the House of Usher -RRB- , screwed up words , missing quotes , etc. . I was highly annoyed by this . If you need it for anything other than pleasure reading , find a better copy .
 Get out your magnifying glass and decoder ring cause you 're going to need them to read this book.Actually under sufficient magnification and in the right light it looks like an old typewriter font with a really bad ribbon and then shrunken and shoved together.I am over 50 but I have brand new glasses . My wife is younger and does not ware glasses . She took one look and laughed.The paper stock is unremarkable but the largish format looks like it might be just the right size for a bird cage . It might also be good for starting fires but I have not tested this yet .
 While I found the idea of the book interesting , the execution was boring in the extreme . I 'd be reading along and then find myself thinking about something else altogether -LRB- like , say housework -RRB- . I think if the author had stuck to fewer , better developed characters , it would have been much more satisfying . As it is , it reads more like an outline than a book .
 I rarely flame a book , because I know what it takes to put one together . However , The Bridge does n't make sense for so many reasons . The characters are not real . I can not imagine a mother committing suicide right after giving birth . It is not realistic to believe food would start flowing back to the cities after a pandemic virus wipes out 4 billion people . And who kept the power grid running during this disaster?Yes , there is a sci-fi premise regarding first contact -LRB- sort of -RRB- , but humanity tends to react a bit differently in the light of megadeath than what was depicted here .
 This is more of a popular fiction novel with a science fiction theme than a true science fiction novel . It is hard to explain the difference , but it has to do with the way that the novel sets up the characters and progresses through the plot , and the writing style itself . The idea is a good one , but the presentation left me cold . Maybe I 'm just a `` literary SF '' snob , but if you are too , you 'll be disappointed in this novel .
 This purported economist cherry picks his stats -LRB- a common historical comparison of his hodgepodge of stats would provide greater credence -RRB- in order to substantiate his position that Americans are infected with a consumption fever . Although his overall contention about the increased consumption of `` luxury goods '' is true , his patent moralizing discredits what should otherwise be his nonbiased academic standing and casts doubts about his recommendations . What is even more offensive is his implicit assumption that Americans are weak & stupid because of things such as the proliferation of credit cards `` causes '' them to spend beyond their means . This assumption is akin to overweight Americans blaming McDonald 's for their obesity.This book is for you if you believe that government officials -LRB- i.e. Big Brother -RRB- should be the arbiters of your behavior and that the individual is never to blame or to take the consequences of his/her actions.I recommend reading `` Living It Up '' by Twitchell instead .
 The premise of this book is simple
 Mr. Frank has written many interesting articles , but this is not one of them . There are simply too many assertions and what evidence is provided is incomplete . For example , Frank argues that people really do n't value additional wealth once they get past a certain level . As evidence he points to surveys that claim to show that Americans rate their happiness at the same level on a 1 to 10 scale as people who live in poorer countries . Does this really mean that if you took an American who rated their happiness at 8 and moved them to Turkey and lowered their income so that their rank remained the same relative to the rest of the population they would remain as happy ? I find this hard to believe.People may accumulate wealth because of what others think of them , but they may also do so because they really like having nicer cars and homes . Frank is correct that taxes will stop people from purchasing luxury goods , but before we all agree to this I would like to have some evidence that he is correct . This book would have been much more convincing if he had some evidence .
 While reading this book , I had a hard time believing that this guy was really serious . Frank describes his living conditions while in the peace corps -LRB- `` no electricity , no heat , no indoor toilet , no running water . The local diet offered little variety and virtually no meat . '' -RRB- and claims that `` I experienced a feeling of prosperity that I have recaptured only in recent years . '' According to Frank we would all be just as happy living in those spartan conditions as we are now if we would only give it a chance . We are just deluding ourselves into thinking that we really want electricity or air conditioning or a varied diet . According to Frank we only want these items because our neighbors have them and they only want them because we do . According to Frank we will all be happier and live longer if the government simply taxes away our money so that we wo n't be tempted to spend it on these worthless items . Big government is really good for us . We just falsely think that we want to spend the money on our families and ourselves . Boy am I glad that Frank came along to tell me what I really want !
 Luxury Fever opens with an anecdote describing the author 's worn-out $ 89.98 propane grill , purchased in the 1980 's . Mr. Frank laments that the nation seems to be stuck in a luxury arms race . He is forced to replace his inexpensive grill with one costing several times as much , losing a little bit of his humanity and time with his family in the process of earning the required money . Alas , the spectrum of grills and other products has lost its economical end . American society collectively spends far too much of its treasure chasing gold-plated versions of basic products , and Americans are forced to work impossible hours to keep up with the Joneses . His proposed cure for this problem is a tax that purports to punish wealthy individuals who dare to spend their money on luxury versions of common goods.Mr . Frank , I have some good news for you . I hope you have n't bought an expensive grill yet , because Sears sells a Kenmore propane grill , model 15400 , for $ 129 . This is not $ 89.95 , but correcting for inflation it 's almost certainly less than $ 90 in 1980 's dollars . This is not an obscure label ; it 's available to Mr. Frank . This tale is repeated in product after product . I bought my first basic car for 1/5 of my first annual salary as a neophyte software developer . Although you can spend several years ' salary on a car , you can now buy a basic car for less than 1/6 of a neophyte software developer 's salary , and you will get a product substantially more durable , more reliable , environmentally cleaner , and safer than my first car.The range of most products has increased , mostly by extending the range at the expensive end a lot and also extending the range in the cheaper end a little . The bottom end of most markets has not disappeared , whether the product was high-tech or mundane . There are a few markets , like housing and bike helmets , that have lost their bottom end for regulatory or safety reasons . $ 19.95 `` Skid Lid '' bicycle helmets are gone ; good riddance , I say . Dormitory-style low-cost housing is also gone.Mr . Frank then continues by claiming that the extension of important markets in the expensive directions inconveniences even those people who ca n't afford to or who do n't want to purchase upscale goods , because if you do n't spend yourself into oblivion you look shabby , with serious consequences . One of his leading examples is , for example , the need to wear a $ 2000 suit when interviewing for a job . I realize that it is a liberal axiom that societal rewards in an enthusiastically capitalist society is not primarily the result of hard work or native talent , but the result of capricious factors , but I 've been on both sides of the interviewing desk recently . I 've been offered both of the jobs I 've interviewed for in a modest $ 200 suit , and when I was part of the team discussing a prospective hire we spent an hour or so discussing matters of substance , primarily the applicant 's past achievements . If an applicant was odiferous or came to an interview in torn jeans and barefoot , we might not have seen past that and we might not have hired him . However , if he chose to spend $ 200 instead of $ 2000 for a suit to interview for an upper-middle-class professional job , the suit would n't matter . Perhaps it would matter for a high-roller $ 500,000 / year job , but I 'm not sure I believe that , since the hiring process for such a job would be even more meticulous and less likely to be capricious than in my market . Furthermore , the `` requirement '' for a $ 2000 suit is substantially less onerous to a person who would credibly apply for a $ 500,000 / year job than it would be for me.Another market where Mr. Frank believes that luxury fever squeezes out people who choose to spend modestly is housing . Here he feels that the problem that results is that you must overspend to get into a district with good schools . This may have been true in the 1960 decade , but starting around 1970 most states passed legislation or had court decisions that funded schools from a statewide tax base . There are differences in the academic achievements of various regions , but much of this variation is a result of parental involvement , not parental wealth.I do n't think Mr. Frank makes the case that gilded products are forced upon people who would not otherwise choose to buy them , at the cost of their humanity . Furthermore , if you do assume that society overspends on luxury goods and underspends on humanity , I do n't think he makes the case that a steeply progressive consumption tax is the cure for the problem . I think he likes the idea of a progressive tax and of the social welfare state that it could support , and I think he built his argument to fit that result .
 The argument the author makes , in a nutshell , is that there has been more and more spending related to conspicuous consumption since the end of World War II and this has led to a veritable `` arms race '' among consumers that has led to many negatives externalities such as increased hours at work along with problems related to this -LRB- i.e. , stress related ailments and medical expenditures -RRB- and a decreased willingness and ability of the public to pay for public services . A major cause of this spending pattern has been , the author purports , that growing concentration in the incomes of the very wealthy who do spend considerably on upper end products which , in turn , leads to their lesser peers imitating them . The author proposes , as a solution to this problem , the replacement of the current Federal income tax regime with a progressive consumption based tax.With respect to the conspicuous consumption , the author does seem to show some facts supporting his argument that the prices in the upper end of the consumer market spectrum -LRB- i.e. , luxury cars and watches as opposed to those geared to the middle and lower ends -RRB- have been increasing at an incredible rate . For example , between the early 1980s and the early 1990s the price of very high end automobiles and watches has approximately doubled . He also claims , with less evidence however , that spending on upper end consumer products has been increasing relative to that of the rest of the market . Unfortunately he does not provide very much in the way of empirical evidence to support this specifically . For example , no market research data is provided showing how consumer spending has been split between the upper end and middle and lower ends . He provides considerable evidence showing that consumers have been saving less , working longer hours , etc. -LRB- this data is quite strong -RRB- . This evidence , per se , does not support the contention that spending has been increasing at the upper end of the price spectrum than the lower . It could be that consumers , instead , have been being squeezed by lower real wages , higher prices for low and mid-range non-luxury products -LRB- i.e. , gas , housing , etc. -RRB- and have hence had to increase their work hours.The author contends that the posited explosion in spending on upper-spectrum products has been caused by the massive increase in the incomes -LRB- and hence spending on upper end products -RRB- of the wealthy -LRB- the author does provide very strong evidence indicating that the incomes of those in the upper 10 % have been increasing considerably -RRB- . Again , the author provides little direct evidence that the non-wealthy have been imitating the spending of the super wealthy.The author believes that the solution to the explosion of `` conspicuous consumption '' is to replace the current progressive income based federal income tax system with a progressive consumption tax . The logic is that if consumption is taxed more than savings there would be an incentive to decrease consumption vis - &agrave; - vis savings and hence there would be less conspicuous consumption . There are a number of problems with this argument . The first is that even though there would be an incentive , there is no evidence provided that `` conspicuous spending '' per se -LRB- instead of all consumption -RRB- would decrease significantly . In addition , even a progressive consumption based income tax would fall much more heavily on the non-wealthy than the wealthy as the wealthy tend to save a much larger percentage of their incomes . A third problem is that the progressive consumption tax can be circumvented more easily than an income tax . For example , money could be channeled through financial instruments that appear like `` savings '' but can easily be converted into spending based instruments . For example , `` consumption '' can be decreased by investing in CDs or bonds but then loans can be taken out on those same CDs or bonds -LRB- using them as collateral -RRB- that can still enable high consumption patterns to persist.For the above reasons , the book is quite weak . Not only is there not strong evidence provided to support the author 's contention that `` conspicuous consumption '' has been increasing relative to non-conspicuous spending , but the `` solution '' seems unable to provide a significant capability to decrease that `` conspicuous consumption '' and hence the negative externalities stemming from it -LRB- i.e. , more work hours , etc. -RRB- .
 A jumble of references to a jumble of studies aimed at convincing you that we 'd all be better off with a sales tax of up to 70 % , with 36 pages of footnotes . The book progressivly steps you through the arguments , starting with1 . Something is terribly wrong with the way we 're living today2 . It 's because we 're making poor decisions on what we spend money on3 . We 'd all be happier if we paid a lot more taxes.No joke!He makes passing references to the failure of centrally planned economies , but does n't appear to have drawn any real lessons from them . I get the impression that he mentions these failures so that nobody can accuse him of having ignored them.All in all , I 'm happy I checked this out from the library instead of buying it .
 It seems that after nearly a century since `` Theory of the Leisure Class '' was published , the intellectual and achedemic shade of T. Veblin has found his way back into the mainstream - again . Actually , that 's not totally fair - to Veblin that is . Veblin is considered by many to have been an economist in the generally excepted sense of the word . While his `` Theory of the Leisure Class '' gets the most recognition whenever his name pops up , Veblin was not simply a pamphlet pusher . The same CAN NOT be said for Mr. Frank , who , like his intellectual granddaddy K. Galbraith , is fond of playing the armchaired Robin hood . He is , it seems , the intellectual heir to a long line of such poverty pushers . He resurrects the timeless concept of `` equal '' distribution of income with the same old cliches . This time however , we get to wade through lots of graphs and polls and digitized diatribe that supposedly `` prove '' Frank 's thesis . I loved one reviewers point about Mr. Frank 's comparison of a poll taken in america and one taken in Turkey supposedly showing that on average we 'd all be happier living as Turkeys than Americans -LRB- Yes , I KNOW it 's turks ! -RRB- . This sort of poorly constructed logic pervades throughout the book . There are some good sub-sections and some enlightening anecdotes , but I would n't buy the book ESPECIALLY if the title attracted you . If anything , the results run contrary to the subtitle
 It seems that after nearly a century since `` Theory of the Leisure Class '' was published , the intellectual and achedemic shade of T. Veblin has found his way back into the mainstream - again . Actually , that 's not totally fair - to Veblin that is . Veblin is considered by many to have been an economist in the generally excepted sense of the word . While his `` Theory of the Leisure Class '' gets the most recognition whenever his name pops up , Veblin was not simply a pamphlet pusher . The same CAN NOT be said for Mr. Frank , who , like his intellectual granddaddy K. Galbraith , is fond of playing the armchaired Robin hood . He is , it seems , the intellectual heir to a long line of such poverty pushers . He resurrects the timeless concept of `` equal '' distribution of income with the same old cliches . This time however , we get to wade through lots of graphs and polls and digitized diatribe that supposedly `` prove '' Frank 's thesis . I loved one reviewers point about Mr. Frank 's comparison of a poll taken in america and one taken in Turkey supposedly showing that on average we 'd all be happier living as Turkeys than Americans -LRB- Yes , I KNOW it 's turks ! -RRB- . This sort of poorly constructed logic pervades throughout the book . There are some good sub-sections and some enlightening anecdotes , but I would n't buy the book ESPECIALLY if the title attracted you . If anything , the results run contrary to the subtitle
 All the world needs is one more socialist with a Ph.D. .
 I picked up this book while vacationing in the southwest . The subject sounded interesting . If only the story had been written by a ghost writer it may have been worth the time taken to read it . Blessings is a juvenile rendering of a love story . It 's written on the level of teenage romance novels , but I doubt if any teenagers would find it any more engaging than I did . This is a story of an educated , older man approached by a young Navajo woman with aspirations of attending college . Unfortunately , from the moment they met , all of her goals for higher education were completely ignored all to pander to her husband 's ego . Do n't waste your time . The other reviews must have been written by friends .
 Interestingly , the author is trying to push the US born jewish people in a sort of a JEWISH MAFIA.Let 's be modest and treat all other religions and people as equal.Otherwise bad things will happen to us.The world and its people are not stupid to notice how disciminating and radical a lot of the Orthodox Jews have been towards others.There is a difference between Isreali Jews and US born ones like me.I do not feel that I should promote my Jewish brother , just becouse he is Jewish . I would promote the best person for the task . America has given us so much more than Isreal and I believe that we shall be gratefull and supportive of its people.May all religions and people trive and be equal !!!
 I love the Thirkell books but this one is an aberration . It 's trite and obvious . The characters are not particularly interesting . It 's as if the author decided to try something different -- and it did n't work . Skip this one and read her other works .
 I love Angela Thirkell 's books -- she is one of my favorite authors along with Trollope and Austen . But she wrote a few clinkers , and this is one of them . I would have guessed that Georgette Heyer wrote this book , in a blind test . It has all the cloying archness of the -LRB- only -RRB- book by Heyer I read and which I forever associate with Regency romances . Of course , this IS a Regency romance -- NOT one of her wonderful Barsetshire books , so maybe it was a misguided experiment .
 Surely , dear reader , this book must be a parody of Austen and Trollope . But one turns the pages with an uneasy consciousness that one has not been let in on the joke .
 This book would be so much better if the music was readable . The typeset is too small . The book also needs a spiral binding so that it does n't close on itself .
 I have read a number of books on the subject of sickness , suffering and healing . I was drawn to Divine Healing by Murray 's generally good reputation . I found the book disappointing in that Murray simply states the position held by many of today 's faith healers and televangelists . Although Murray avoids many of the more outrageous and extravagent claims of those who proclaim a `` health , prosperity and happiness '' gospel today , the bottom line is that Murray has little use for medical science . If you relay on doctors , you are worldly and unspiritual . If you do not get healed , you do n't have enough faith or you have unconfessed sin . Murray fails to answer the question why some of the most godly and faithful Christians in history have succombed to illness and died young in many cases . For example , has Joni Eareckson Tada spent her entire life in a wheel chair because she lacks faith ? I found a much more balanced biblical view in books such as `` Surprised by Suffering '' by R. C. Sproul , and `` Disappointment WIth God '' by Philip Yancey .
 this book was really good . i give it a star
 This is just a blank journal -- so not much to it . However , it is a great way to make yourself pay attention to what is good in your life . A friend recommended each night before you go to bed , to list 5 things that you were grateful for that day -- and try not to repeat . It is harder than you think , but very rewarding .
 After seeing the author interviewed on Oprah 's Super Soul Sunday , I was touched by her life story . I had owned `` Simple Abundance '' when it first came out . But it was really the concept of Gratitude Journaling that was particularly impressionable . Like Oprah said , it ritualized `` Gratitude Journaling '' . In my haste after the interview , I ordered both the book again and the journal because I had no idea where my copy of the book was . After reading book reviews , commencing with the `` 1 '' star reviews , I realized that her target audience was women . I proceeded to cancel the book reorder . But still excited about receiving the journal . Unfortunately , when the journal arrived , it was ultimately disappointing . I had developed a threshold of at least 5 things I wanted to site as something I was in gratitude for . There were hardly enough blank lines to write a decent paragraph per day . The book would have been much more beneficial if 365 pages were allotted with a brief inspirational quote each day.I also must confess and say that I am always fascinated by people who gain great wealth , as Ms. Breathnach had , and lost it in a short amount of time . It makes me wonder if I will be prepared once that great wealth happens to me . I hope that my `` wants '' are now much more practical . Therefore , preventing me from making rash fiscal decisions .
 I have read `` Something More '' and I found it to be less than `` Something More '' . What Sarah Ban Breathnach has written here in essence is one side of the Truth only , and it is seriously unbalanced and as such disturbingly dangerous . There are two basic flaws in her approach , both of which are implications by her ommisson to acknowledge there is more than just `` Something Else '' . Firstly , by ommission she implies that women only have spiritual needs , and men have only wants ... wants driven by power , control and sex . Wrong ! Ban Breathnach is divisive , she has divided female against male because she fails to recognise we are all truely our soul selves , and not our egos . We are all souls regardless of our sex , and we are all worthy of love and respect , not necessarily deserved of love and respect , but certainly we are all born worthy of these God given rights of life . Secondly , she has written this book from what I call `` heart-sense '' only , and without `` mind-sense '' in equal proportions the book is spiritually unbalanced . What do I mean ? Love isnt everything , it is part of the balance ... Love must be balanced by Responsibility , and Responsibilty must be balanced by Love . Not only must we be responsible to and loving of ourselves , but we must be responsible and loving of those in our lives as well . Heart-sense and mind-sense , they must be in balance for spiritual Truth ... that is why God made Man and Woman , Sun and Moon , Light and Dark to constantly remind us of this . Sarah gave us `` Something Else '' , not `` Something More '' in this book , but mind you , she is right , there really is `` Something More '' out there , and we are ALL worthy of that :-RRB- I welcome any comments about what I have written , and I hope Sarah isnt offended for what I had to say .
 I foget to write in it , it 's prob my own issue , but there is no ongoing reading so I basically read the intro , wrote in it a couple of days and forgot about it ...
 The only erason it was popular was because of opra
 The idea behind this journal -- to each day write down 5 things you are grateful for -- is a good one . But this is simply a poorly designed book without enough room allotted to write down one 's thoughts . It 's just not worth the price . Buy one of the countless -- and less expensive -- journals currently on the market and keep your gratitude log in that .
 Oh Please ! How does Ms. Ban Breathnach live with herself -- Selling a blank book for $ 12.95 ! Keeping a journal is not her newidea , but an age old idea -LRB- an an excellent one . -RRB- Any book will do to write your journal , and it is easier to write in a composition book or ringed binder than in this stiffly bound book that wo n't stay open .
 THIS BOOK IS NOT WORTH GETTING . IT 'S JUST A BLANK BOOK -LSB- ... -RSB- YOU CAN WRITE AJOURNAL IN ANY BOOK ESPECIALLY A RINGED NOTEBOOK WHICH IS CHEAPER AND BETTER . YOU CAN STILL TAKE THE ADVICE -LRB- NOT ORIGINALLY HERS , WRITING JOURNAL AND WRITING 5 THINGS YOU ARE GREATFUL FOR -RRB- JUST DO N'T WRITE IT IN THE BOOK THEY SELL YOU BECAUSE THEY HARDLY GIVE YOU ANY SPACE .
 I do n't know what I was expecting when I purchased this book ! It is a journal , but the spaces allotted for each day are quite small . Perhaps the author did n't anticipate that some people have large handwriting or that others would have a lot to say . I never used it , and would not recommend it . Buy a journal with larger spaces !
 I bought this journal along with Simple Abundance
 Merely a republication of articles from other books.There is really nothing new here . This repackages older material and adds almost no value to the KM literature , except that it puts some old articles all in one place . The most recent paper is from 1995 . Most of the 15 other papers are much older.The real work in putting this title together was reading some articles and then negotiating the rights to republish them.The author is an Ernst and Young KM consultant who read some articles and then slapped on what he thought were appropriate section titles on various chapters . He provides an 8-page introduction that puts a KM wrapper to the original papers.The value is provided exclusively by others.This felt like a scam promulgated by the publisher or the consultant who wanted a title to their credit.I was expecting some serious value-added by the author . I was seriously disappointed.It would have been better as a review article covering the articles that were republished.Amazon should have a `` zero stars '' or `` one-half star '' rating for titles like this .
 Be forthwarned ... . I ordered the 3rd ed . of this book and received the 2nd ed . instead . The seller was misleading under the comments section of the book he sold me ... . a new listing shows that he 's selling the 2nd ed . and not the 3rd ed . He changed this comment once he received an email from me stating otherwise . He would n't offer me a refund for the book and now I 'm stuck with this one for a class which begins in a week .
 There seem to have been a mistake in the shipping of the product I ordered.I was under the impression that I was ordering Management Information Systems for the Information Age by Stephen Haag , et al 2nd Edition -LRB- 2000 -RRB- . However , I recieved the book today -LRB- 3/11/02 -RRB- and it is the 1st Edition -LRB- 1998 -RRB- , and I need the book for class which begins on Thursday , 03/14/02 .
 I was not pleased with the service . My book arrive within the time alloted , 7-14 days it arrived the 13th day without the cd 's . By then class had started . Emailed the seller about the issue , I never got a reply . Good thing my instructor had extra 's . Overall poor communication made this an unpleasurable transaction .
 This book was supposed to be in very good condition . It is not . Its cover is about to come off ; the whole spine inside the cover is visible ; the edges are ragged ; in short it is in poor condition . I would hope the store would offer return compensation or another book in its place . Its the worse book I 've ever received .
 I found that the explanations given for the answers are unsatisfactory . On the tougher problems -LRB- Bin 3 -RRB- too many of the explantions were to plug in the choices given and see if they work . Some explanations were unecessarily complicated.The good news is that the CD rom works in this edition but the drawback is that the CD rom has no explantions for answers .
 Getting the book , I thought it ` would change my life ' through all the insight Sennett would bestow on me . Sadly not the case , it was a lackluster title . I do n't really have any suggestions as to what might be better .
 Reading through the other reviews here it struck me that they seemed to share a lack of prior knowledge about the subject . Had anyone read more widely they would have discovered that ` Children at War ' is a piece of pseudo-scholarship . This book is based upon a completely misguided assumption - that the involvement of children in warfare is a new phenomenon . In making such an assertion the author reveals either lack of any proper engagement with the literature or simply bad faith . The sad fact is that children have been involved as solidiers in many , if not most , of the wars recorded in history . In spite of Singer 's erroneous claims to the contrary , the US Civil War involved large numbers of boy soldiers . Similarly the First World War . Children fought and died with the partisans in Nazi-occupied Europe , and so on . Towards the end of the book , Singer reveals a disturbing political agenda . It seems that his real concern is less with child soldiers and more with the challenges for US troops faced with children in places like Afghanistan and Iraq where killing them is bad for morale and also looks so bad to the folks back home watching CNN.In terms of sources , Singer relies overwhelmingly on journalistic accounts that are simply intended to offer shock value to their readers and , like his own book , lack any deeper engagement with the history and context within which child recruitment takes place . Aside from one quote , none of the copious quotes from child soldiers seems to have come from Singer 's one fieldwork . Indeed , the reader is left wondering if Singer has ever actually visited a setting where child recruitment takes place.This is a work of truly poor scholarship . It is a mystery how it ever got published and why so many people have been apparently taken in by it . Perhaps it is a case of telling people what they want to hear?If anyone is looking for a proper discussion of this subject they would do far better to read David Rosen 's ` Armies of the Young ' .
 After reading about Ambrose Bierce and his fierce wit this book was a real let down . Too many stories , all of a similar vein . I should have gotten the Devil 's Dictionary !!!
 Like Edgar Whisenant 's `` 88 Reasons Why the Rapture Will Be in 1988 '' , Harold Camping 's `` 1994 ? '' is another book that heralded what would become a failed prediction of the end of days . Unlike other endtimes datesetters , Camping 's scenario does not follow the usual dispensationalist line . In fact , Camping 's system is so idiosyncratic as to not qualify as following any standard eschatological system . To be quite honest , it is hard to even tell if it is self-consistent since little of it makes any sense at all.Camping spends most of the book taking passages out of context and then tying them to numerical calculations he devises but never justifies . He manipulates numbers in such a haphazard way as to closely resemble a crooked accountant who is fudging financial data to keep his superiors from discovering his malfeasance . The hope is that in the land of the blind , the one-eyed man is king . Camping certainly pulled it off to a certain extent as his book was a sensation - right up to the point it was disproven.Since the failure , Camping has written books claiming the Church era is over -LRB- did n't Christ say it would not end until his return ? -RRB- and more recently that the end will come in 2011 . Apparently the only thing Camping has learned in the intervening time is to put the end date further off . Thankfully , there are a lot fewer people listening this time around .
 Harold Camping 's odd work is heavily influenced by numerology , a psuedo-science influenced by ancient mysticism that trys to find hidden truth behind literal meanings of the Bible.The book is filled with strange assumptions based upon allegory mixed with ignorance . Camping 's logic is so inconsistent that it should be required reading for students taking NUTCASE 101 . The Bible stands true without Mr. Camping 's distortions of the greatest book ever written .
 I listened to Open Forum during my college years from about 1992-1994 , during which time I began to buy into some of the bible teachings of Mr. Camping . But , I became confused after he started asserting that he knew when Christ would return , since by this time I thought that he did have a deeper understanding of the Bible than most . To me , it was quite clear that from Matthew 24:36 - But of that day and hour knoweth no man , no , not the angels of heaven , but my Father only . So , I bought the book anyway to see what was said . So , people are willing to believe Mr. Camping 's complex manipulations of the scripture and ignore the clear teaching of Matthew . I understand Christians ' desire for the return of Christ , but that has been the case for over 2000 years . Now I read that Mr. Camping is asking people to leave their churches . Poor sools that follow after this deceived man . Just live your life as Christ lived His and submit yourself to his Church .
 Too long.May sound good if you do n't know your Bible or Biblical History.The world wo n't end on 2011 either .
 Harold has written his 1994 book suspecting it would of been the end but it did not happen . A person thought Oct 2005 was the end and it did not happen . And , now Harold is back at it again thinking 2011 is the end and guess what , it will not happen.Please when reading these books pay close attention to the Bible verses being used and see what the Audiance Relivance is to those Bible verses before being swept into a belief called `` The end of the world '' when the Bible shares that the church age is without end Eph 3:21 `` Unto him be glory in the church by Christ Jesus throughout all ages , world without end . Amen . `` The Church Age , `` The New Covenant , '' will have no end . So , lets do what we can to make a differance in our world instead of sitting back based upon a prediction that will never be ... let the Bible be your guide not a man 's interpretation of it.As Dr. Loraine Boettner once said : '' ... when a prophecy or promise has been fulfilled once , there is no valid reason why it must be fulfilled again , or repeatedly . `` And today as you know it in the churches they think the end of the age was talking about the church age but the real age it spoke about was of the Old Covenant , called Judism , which Hebrews shares was slowly fading away and would soon be no more . Just like David and Saul lived during the same time and were both kings , it was Saul who still was reigning until he pasted away and then from there on David was king so it was with the old and new covenant , side by side they were but once the old pasted away the new was fully known so it is not the church age which will end and the church is not a building either for the church is the body of Christ and each one of us in Christ are of that body ... the true church.http : / / www.audiowebman.org < < < over 100 plus audios added weekly to help you get back into the Bible and begin reading it for what it says not for what someone thinks what it says ... remember `` AUDIANCE RELIVANCE . ''
 It seems retired engineer Camping was only too eager to join the parade of failed religious prophets before him in this amusing slice of millenial madness . It stands alongside other classics like `` 666
 The ultimate false prophet , Harold Camping . A super-millionaire who has banked heavily on false predictions . This book is a fail , although not nearly as huge a failure as his 2011 prediction that he said `` WILL DEFINITELY HAPPEN ON MAY 21st '' . Shame on you , False Prophet . Bury your head in shame and return the money to the innocent , gullible people who donated to your fruitless cause .
 Mr.Camping needs to take a REAL good look to what The Bible TRULY says in Matthew 24:36 . It 's just a shame that alot of people lost thier money over this clown.It just goes to show you.People will believe ANYTHING and/or ANYBODY.I just heard that old man Camping is buying into the whole Mayan Dec. 21 garbage as well.Oh no.Here we go again ...
 The basis of this book is NOT the Holy Bible , although its author disputes that . The author is Harold Camping , president and general manager of Family Radio -LRB- also known as Family Stations -RRB- . The basis of this book is secular . The book hinges on what the author describes as `` the timeline '' or the `` biblical '' calendar of history.If you use the Bible only , then you can NOT validate the `` biblical '' calendar of history . Some people say `` if you start with 931 B.C. ... '' , but how would you know that year if you used the Bible only ? You would n't . Yet it is so natural to think this way.The Gregorian calendar is not biblical ; no man-made calendar is biblical . If you add the Gregorian calendar to the Bible -LRB- even just a little bit ... just one tiny date -RRB- , then you are in violation of Revelation 22:18 . It really is that simple . There are no B.C. or A.D. dates in the Bible ; nor can you arrive at such dates without ADDING something to the Bible.We are seeing one of the dangers of adding to God 's Word . How can anyone deny the many proofs and coincidences ? What really happens when we add to God 's Word ... even when we think it is justified ? Perhaps `` miraculous '' things happen ... things that would lead us to believe that what we have done is the right thing . `` 1994 ? '' was preceded by `` Adam When ? '' and `` The Biblical Calendar of History '' and `` The Perfect Harmony of the Numbers of the Hebrew Kings '' , and several other books written by Harold Camping . The foundation of `` 1994 ? '' includes the books mentioned above . If you read these books , you will notice that many non-biblical sources were used to write them.This author writes books incrementally , and then he writes later books that are based on his prior books . The result is a cascade of lies and deception that is not fully realized by the reader until his final books . One of his later books is calledTime Has an End
 IF YOU ARE CONSIDERING BUYING THIS BOOK , SAVE YOURSELF SOME TIME AND WALK INTO ONCOMING TRAFFIC NOW ! I was forced to read this book for my english class . It was terrible ! Sure the plot line , and even some of the characterization was fine , but MY GOD THE DESCRIPTION goes on and on and on and on . Theres almost 4 pages dedicated to describing a building ! If I was given the choice between reading this book , or hitting myself in the head with it for the rest of my life , I would go with the hitting on the head one ... becuase i 'm sure its even less brain-numbing than Hardy 's writing .
 The book itself is excellent . Thomas Hardy was a master writer , and look no further than the fact that he makes a story about a person that buys and sells corn interesting . But , the kindle edition is , like the title of the review says , missing a chunk of the text . There might be other parts omitted , but that 's the only one I 've caught.Perhaps this is evidence that you get what you pay for .
 I read this book for my English exam and after reading it , I can not understand how it can be described as a classic novel . The only possible reason that I can come up with is that people in 19th century England , did not have things like T.V. and so were absolutely desperate for anything to entertain themselves . This is possibly the most boring book that I have ever read . Nothing happens ! I feel that a lot of people call this book a classic simply because some literary expert happened to like it once , and so these people , in a vain attempt to appear more intelligent than they are , simply churn out someone else 's opinion , without actually thinking of their own response to the novel . I do n't know how many copies of this book have been printed , but it is bound to be a large number , and all I can say is that it is a huge waste of paper which could have been put to better use elsewhere . I wish that I had not wasted some of my life reading this book .
 I have recently read this book -LRB- not out of choice -RRB- and I am at a loss to understand why Hardy wrote this and why anyone would willingly read this for `` fun '' . I agree wholeheartedly with the author of `` Classically Boring '' as this book is complete excrement . People are always going on about how we should stop cutting down the rainforest etc. and if this is what all those trees are turned into , then I 'm with them 100 % .
 This book was originally written to be printed in newspapers , newspapers were then used to wipe one 's posterior . I feel i have already said enough .
 Modern novels can be so pretentious , with their needless philosophizing and conscious experimentation with the language . So is n't nice to read a classic novel with straight-forward writing that aims for no insight into society or people ? Actually no , it 's kind of depressing . The Mayor of Casterbridge relies on coincidence , melodrama , and , as the afterword in my edition puts it , `` the constant exploitation of chance happenings to determine situation and hence the fate of his characters . '' I chose this Hardy novel because it was supposed to be character-centered . The story starts with Michael Henchard selling his wife and child at a fair . I thought this book would examine his redemption , it would be a Lord Jim type tale of profound psychological insight . A strange event like that is a good way to get a book started , but the crazy , unlikely events just keep a-coming . You feel nothing for the characters , ever . You learn nothing in the end , except life is cruel and if something can go wrong , it will . Read something else .
 `` The Story of a Man of Character '' as described by Thomas Hardy is somewhat flaccidly applied to this novel . In fact , a better description of this novel comes from a colleague of mine , Professor Neale Scott of the Baltimore University , who remarked `` I realise now I had mistaken the dullness of Henchard 's character for the dullness of the whole novel . '' . Ultimately , Prof. Scott is quite accurate in his assessment of the text . The characters bumble around , waiting for circumstance to attach itself to their groins , and do very little of plausible importance at all . Henchard himself is , without doubt , one of the most irritating characters to be placed in ` classic ' fiction , and one ca n't help but wish that the death of our tragic hero had happened an awful lot sooner , such as before the novel started . The character of Elizabeth-Jane , wonderfully parodied by Helli Kitchin , of the Moscow State University , is so blase towards her constantly changing parenthood that it completely ruins any sense of empathy that the audience may have for her . The least convincing Scotsman ever can also be found in this text , in the form of Donald Farfrae , and I am inclined to agree with Dr Daniel Greenfeld , whose thesis , `` Hardy makes the heart grow colder '' , points out that the author would not know a Scotsman if one jumped up and bit him , a way that most of us admittedly meet them . To sum up - I discourage my students from reading this shambolic text . Avoid this novel like the plague - it is so soggy , you could n't even burn it to stay warm . Attempt , perhaps , to read something a little more plausible with something other that a praetorian wanderer and an intransigent hay-trusser to tantalise the imagination , something that the author was obviously lacking - Wessex indeed .
 `` The Mayor of Casterbridge '' ought to be the model of what a classic is not . Books deemed as a `` classic '' are said to be everlasting and universal in its message . This book does not spread its wings into our era , and it does not apply to everyone in some way , unless you 've experienced paternity uncertainty and emotional neglect . The characters are rigid , changing without reason , and lacking practical emotions . Michael Henchard is repulsive from the start , from when he sells his wife and child , to his emotional withdrawal towards the young woman who turned out to be his non-biological daughter , to hiding the truth of who her father actually was to Elizabeth-Jane , so one can not pity his outcome . Elizabeth-Jane , the non-biological daughter of Henchard , was completely void of personality . `` Blas&eacute; '' has more personality than Elizabeth-Jane . After a tennis match type life , of being flung back and forth between fathers , to marrying Donald Farfrae who one day courted her , married another woman -LRB- who just happened to be the landlord of the house Elizabeth-Jane was living at , at the time -RRB- , and then realized his affection for her , Elizabeth-Jane would 've been a prime candidate for therapy -LRB- how could she give her heart to men who kept being introduced as her father ? -RRB- , but instead acted as if she was a spokesperson normalcy . Finally , Donald Farfrae , a Scotsman , who was the poster boy for blandness , never really showed growth . He was always monotone , and I could not tell if he found Elizabeth-Jane 's biological father to scorn Henchard , or truly help Elizabeth-Jane find the truth . I felt naught for the characters but purposelessness , and the story itself was uncreative and improbable . I do no recommend .
 I recently had to read this book as part of my English GCSE and I can honestly say that much paper has been wasted and our trees are being destroyed to churn out a book , which is quite frankly absolutly awfull . I also am very glad that I was not around to ever meet Thomas Hardy as from this book it sounds to me that he may well of been a manic depresent , also in most , if not all , of his other books they all end in a very sad a depressing way . Hardy describes Henchard as ` dogged ' and i feel if you want to read this you too will have to be dogged and determind to start and finish this book .
 The Mayor of Casterbridge was a very interesting novel . In my opinion Hardy uses too much irony , and this kills the fun of the whole topic . It is true that every day is filled with irony , but it should n't be in somthing someone is reading . the novel also should n't be too predictable , I guess that 's why Hardy likes irony . If you are a reader who likes suspense and tragedy then this book is for you .
 `` The Story of a Man of Character '' as described by Thomas Hardy is somewhat flaccidly applied to this novel . In fact , a better description of this novel comes from a colleague of mine , Professor Neale Scott of the Baltimore University , who remarked `` I realise now I had mistaken the dullness of Henchard 's character for the dullness of the whole novel . '' . Ultimately , Prof. Scott is quite accurate in his assessment of the text . The characters bumble around , waiting for circumstance to attach itself to their groins , and do very little of plausible importance at all . Henchard himself is , without doubt , one of the most irritating characters to be placed in ` classic ' fiction , and one ca n't help but wish that the death of our tragic hero had happened an awful lot sooner , such as before the novel started . The character of Elizabeth-Jane , wonderfully parodied by Helli Kitchin , of the Moscow State University , is so blase towards her constantly changing parenthood that it completely ruins any sense of empathy that the audience may have for her . The least convincing Scotsman ever can also be found in this text , in the form of Donald Farfrae , and I am inclined to agree with Dr Daniel Greenfeld , whose thesis , `` Hardy makes the heart grow colder '' , points out that the author would not know a Scotsman if one jumped up and bit him , a way that most of us admittedly meet them . To sum up - I discourage my students from reading this shambolic text . Avoid this novel like the plague - it is so soggy , you could n't even burn it to stay warm . Attempt , perhaps , to read something a little more plausible with something other that a praetorian wanderer and an intransigent hay-trusser to tantalise the imagination , something that the author was obviously lacking - Wessex indeed .
 This book is similar to a Dickens novel in that it seeks not to reach perfection , but to please its audience at the time . Like Dickens , it is very dry and filled with hard to believe coincidences that make the story hard to swallow . Still , Hardy paints a very lively , realistic and flowing impression of the English countryside in the early days , before the industrial revolution . I would recommend this only if you are obsessed with Hardy , if you have run out of books to read -LRB- try Fifth Business by Robertson Davies -RRB- or if you are forced to read this as a part of some course .
 The book is essentially a daytime soap opera . Except , none of the characters are likeable.My suggestion
 I began reading this novel since it has such a great reputation as being a `` classic . '' However , after reading well over a hundred pages , the book failed to keep my attention in the least bit . The plot is weak and pathetic , and the characters are too one-dimensional . Although it may pick up later , it certainly is not worth it .
 I read this book for a class , and I am sorry to say that it was a disappointment . It is a silly tale , and totally unrealistic . I can not believe that something like this could be considered a `` classic '' . Mike sure made some dumb choices , and it is unrealistic ! No one could make that many blunders . It was bogged down by unnecessary details , etc. . All-in-all , a 100 % waste . Do n't buy this book . You 've been warned .
 Luckily I have the physical book too so was able to read the missing bit . Suggest you try another kindle version .
 Even though it is free , and I appreciate that , there was about a chapter missing . I would suggest this either be fixed , or the book removed from sale .
 Just received this book , and am thoroughly dissapointed that it does n't match its description.This book is a very high level description of the infrastructure and PC-level details required to create a website that streams video . That should be it 's title , or at least the Amazon descrition.If that 's what you are looking to do - then this book will get you started . However , if you are looking for details of how to use windows media in applications -LRB- as I was -RRB- - this is n't the book .
 This book is really a complete waste of money - it can only be used for developing quick and dirty solutions using the windows media player and so on.I would n't recommend this book even to my most hateful enemy . Unfortunately I was deceived by its looks .
 If you are taking the ATD test for NYCT MTA do n't waste your money with this book . Where it is not completely irrelevant , it is completely out of date . Depend solely on this book and you will fail .
 The gimmick of this guide to correct word choice lies in its mock-gothic style , &agrave; la Edward Gorey , with improbably passages illustrating the words defined . But the gimmick falls flat by trying far too hard . I loved Gordon 's `` Paris Out of Hand , '' but in this book the mock-gothic prose is half-baked and monotonous .
 I first read this book when I was in junior high and I loved it . I gave it a second go as a 30 year old and did not have the same experience at all . I did n't like the main characters , I did n't like the writing , I thought the story was weak and there was tons of stereotyping . I felt like the author kept on leading us down dead end allies and then did n't pay up when the climax hit . Not my cup of tea , I suppose .
 Unbelievably poor quality edition : No ISBN number anywhere in the bookNo name of the translator anywhere in the bookPoor typesetting , lots of mistakes.Will never buy anything published by this `` publisher '' .
 The Master and MargaritaMikhail Bulgakov 's novel is a masterpiece in every way . I truly love this book . That 's why I cried when reading the CreateSpace edition . I mainly bought it because I liked the evil looking black kitty on the cover . Never judge a book by its cover ! The translation is horrendous and the editing done so carelessly that I wonder if anybody bothered to look it over before giving it into print at all . The pages are teeming with typos , and that , in the addition to the weird formatting , makes it torturous to read . You get the feeling that the people who published this book really hate Bulgakov and want to punish all of his readers . The publishing house is apparently just after a quick buck , abusing literature and readers in the pursuit of their goal . Do not buy this book , do not support this careless , corporate abuse . I highly recommend the Penguin editionThe Master and Margarita -LRB- Penguin Classics -RRB- -LRB- Paperback -RRB- . The whole edition is very thoughtfully done , with helpful footnotes , enlightening the reader about the historical background , and an excellent translation . Do it for Bulgakov !
 I love Bulgakov . I know the Master and Margarita by heart . And I was dismally disappointed in my anticipations of usual delights interacting with this book . I write interacting , because this book is more then just reading material . But back to the translation . It has missing passages , whole paragraphs , it uses wrong terms and notions . I had to return my copy . I expect to have more luck with RICHARD PEVEAR AND LARISSA VOLOKHONSKY translation published in PENGUIN BOOKS 1997 , since I pre-viewd it one of the on-line libraries .
 As a few other reviewers have said , this edition -LRB- Classic House Books , paperback -RRB- is horrible . The Master and Margarita is one of my favorite books . I purchase a new copy and re-read it every few years . I purchase a new copy each time , because when I 'm done I pass the book on to someone who 's never read it . I decided I was due for a re-read , so I bought this . I wish I had n't , because I 'm not even going to be able to read it . The typos , byzantine punctuation and formatting are way too irritating . This book deserves to be enjoyed unreservedly.Please , read the book , if you have n't . But buy a different edition -- preferably the Mirra Ginsburg translation .
 The Master and Margarita is indeed one of the best written books ever . Unfortunately Glenny 's translation leaves much to be desired . It reflects none of Bulgakov 's witty , quirky , beautifully flowing style , and reads more like a verbatim translation of a theological treatise .
 I am taking the middle path with my view that while the book possesses some poignant prose , it 's essential message is one of antiChristianity . As a practicing Theravada Buddhist -LRB- who , unlike others , knows enough not to say `` God bless '' when pure Buddhists have no god -RRB- I must say I was taken aback by the antiGospel presented in the tale of Pontius Pilate . Pilate is a fascinating character . Yeshua , on the other hand , is presented as quite the opposite of his Jesus of the Gospel counterpart ; Yeshua is fearful to the point of cowardice , bumbling and idiotic , he dies violently , does NOT rise -LRB- key difference with the Gospel , that any fool with the most remedial knowledge of the Gospel would know -RRB- , and ends up a corpse buried with other common criminals . How this can substitute for the Gospel , how this shows Jesus coming off fine is WAY beyond me . This is an antiGospel . Those who are not Christian wont be offended . The book is fine fiction , but not to be taken seriously .
 If you want to feel creepy , weird , dark and half-way insane , please read this book - it 's perfect for that . I also thought it was blasphemous .
 Unequivocally a heap of putrid , sickening tripe ... a collection of overrated , overwritten , underimaginative , repetative fatuousness . Bulgakov is the complete antithesis of Russian greats like Tolstoy , Dostoyevsky and Nabakov . Bulgakov 's characters are predictable , his plots uninteresting , his descriptions jejune and redundant . If I could I would give it zero stars . Waste of time !
 Everyone , let 's forget about the analogies to Stalinist Russia and all the other subterfuges used to acclaim a book that is nothing more than a devil-worshipping treatise . I simply dont understand how people can give accolades to this novel when it shows innocent people being driven mad , and even has a physically sickening scene of satan rejoicing at the violent and gruesome death of a young child
 This review does not refer to Master and Margarita , which is a powerful and genius work of art . This review , instead , refers to the Classics House translation of a powerful and genius work of art.I will sum it up like this
 I would be careful purchasing this edition of The Master and Margarita . The lack of a translator was apparent with misspelled words -LRB- haze , spelled ha2e -RRB- , poor sentence structure -LRB- often lacking a verb -RRB- , and the spacing was not indicative of who was speaking.I have since gone on and purchased the edition by Picador and find it an entrancing read . I realize now how much I missed out of the first three chapter of the edition I purchased from Amazon by Classic House Publishing .
 The Master and Margarita is a wonderful book , a masterpiece , but this version is so flawed that it 's hard to see the jewel underneath.I bought this copy because I 'd lost my last , almost worn out paperback . It is so full of typographical errors that it is nearly unreadable . Spelling mistakes , no spaces after punctuation , too many spaces after punctuation , odd use of conventions -LRB- quotation marks , colons , etc -RRB- make this apparently slickly produced book -LRB- nice cover photo , by the way -RRB- appear to be the work of a first year keyboarding student without any proofreading abilities.The errors are so numerous -LRB- many per EVERY paragraph -RRB- and so distracting that I am unsure whether I can finish the book before I chuck it in the recycling bin . I hope I can give it zero stars . If I have to select `` one star , '' believe me , it does n't deserve it .
 My Russian husband bought this book for me because he had researched and decided this was the best translation . While this may be the case -LRB- I do n't know about that -RRB- , the typos in this book are ridiculous ! It is literally hard to get beyond the first chapter because of them . Excerpt complete with typos as seen in the book
 PLEASE DO NOT BUY THIS EDITION ! IT IS POORLY EDITED AND FULL OF TYPOS AND ERRORS . GET THE PENGUIN EDITION INSTEAD .
 I bought this book because I had worn out a previous copy from several re-readings . Needless to say , the book is worth reading , but I strongly suggest obtaining a different edition from this one . The production quality of this book is zero ! Multiple typos in just the first 5 pages , a clumsy typeface , sloppy spacing -- obviously somebody just printed out a poorly produced text document that had never been proofread . I have given the book to a resale shop because it was so bad that I could n't stand to read it .
 Do not purchase this book published under ISBN 1442133171 . It is a scanned and poorly OCR 'd copy of another translation . The bootleggers did n't even proofread this before `` publishing '' the scanned edition via CreateSpace . So many typos , the letter z is often swapped with the number 2 , etc. . Do n't get me started on punctuation , esp . pertaining to dialogue . DO NOT BUY !
 This edition of a Russian classic is probably illegally produced . It contains no original copyright dates , no names of translators , no introduction or notes . It is appalling that this is the edition that comes up first on an Amazon search . It also contains innumerable typos , bizarre spacing , and is generally unreadable . As it happens , this is a very difficult book even in a good edition , such as Penguin Classics , so a bad edition causes the reader unnnecessary anguish . DO NOT BUY THIS BOOK !
 IRREGARDLESS Of MURDER was a predictable mystery which made this book a chore to get through . I will not be buying any more books by Ellen Edwards Kennedy any time soon !!
 ok so the story line was pretty good , and wells did a great job of making joseph smith out to be an absolute nut job , which he probably was , but i wonder if she took it a bit far . but it was just way to slow . if she had done a better job getting your interest in the beginning i might have given it 3 or 4 stars but she didnt so 2 stars is as good as it gets .
 A surprising book because it takes anti-mormon literature into a new form
 I was expecting something more like Miyamoto Musashi 's `` Book of Five Rings . `` I believe the era in which Tsunetomo wrote -LRB- early 1700s -RRB- was rather less interesting than the transitional period between Momoyama and Edo eras when Musashi lived . It is essentially a manual of manners and morals for employees who would die for their boss . Lots of yammer about the righteousness of cutting your intestines out for no clear reason , and keeping neat , squeaky clean and ready for death . As I understand things , during this period you were a lot more likely to cut out your own intestines than die in combat . I suppose I would take inspiration from such a thing if I were a `` sararyman , '' a bodyguard , low ranking soldier in peacetime , or some such self-loathing type , but meanwhile it really is n't for me . Perhaps it is the book for someone else ; Tsunetomo 's era has more in common with our own than Musashi 's does ; he was a bureaucrat - chances are , you 're more of a bureaucrat than you are a Samurai.On the other hand , the book did develop an appreciation for the concept of badger skin underpants .
 This is a great book however the problem lies with in ther traanslation . the problem is that only 300 of the 1300 phrases were translated . Although this translation gives the basic message that Master Tsunetomo was trying to get a cross you can not truly absorb thius book with out reading everything that Master Tsunetomo intended you to read . Also the entire 5th chapter is left out of this translation . I would recomend to everyone to find a better translation than this one .
 This book was written in the 18th Century by a monk . It was thus written long after the Samurai had ceased to be real warriors
 The crew of the USS Liberty sustained an abominable experience far beyond the scope of most of us . It is in this sense that such a book might be useful.But the author 's understandable zeal for finding WHY it happened has taken him down some paths strewn with speculation and anti-Israel zeal.The author 's ire drove him him to dish up dishonest hyperbole against Israel on matters having nothing to do with this tragedy.For example , about 18 years ago , Ennes wrote to a New England newspaper and claimed , among other things that , '' ... It is Israel that daily maims and murders an unarmed population in Palestine . It is Israel that daily bulldozes homes of suspected adolescent rock-throwers . `` This is , of course , false . But it does serve to show that among the victims of the Liberty incident is objectivity.One might argue that a crew member of the USS Liberty at the time would be in an ideal position to know what happened.But such a notion is like claiming that a crewmember of the USS Arizona on December 7 , 1941 was in an ideal position to know what transpired among the officers of the Japanese Imperial Fleet prior to the attack on Pearl Harbor , or an NVA soldier during the Vietnam War could understand the inner workings of Robert McNamara.As such , this book was not a huge disappointment , since the reader should expect such a perspective.The passion to explain this attack has led Ennes and others to conclude that it was deliberate.But as radio personality Les Kinsolving once noted , `` It is as preposterous as the idea that Capt. John Paul Jones would have been ordered by Gen. George Washington to sink the French troop ships bringing soldiers and artillery to help us win our war of independence . `` So where does one turn for an objective account of this military disaster?The answer is `` The Liberty Incident
 Though this work has attained classic status among proponents of conspiracy and intrigue , it does no service to the truth . In 1967 a tragic series of errors led to an attack on a US ship by Israeli planes and ships . The book , with apparent attention to detail , explains the attack was deliberate , and could not have been otherwise . But it can be otherwise . No plausible explanation is given for why the tiny nation of Israel , at war for its life against tremendous odds , would complicate matters by intentionally going to war with the most powerful nation on earth . A friendly and supportive nation at that . Nor does the book plausibly deal with the some-13 government and official inquiries which declared the incident a tragic error for which Israel paid reparations and to this day studies as an example of mistakes of war . Our government in on a plot ? Of course . Bloodthirsty Israel lying ? Of course . Officials involved at all levels of the many inquiries in on it too ?? Why yes ! In ASSAULT ON THE LIBERTY we hear repeated every sad myth that has arisen since the attack ; Israeli aircraft strafed our life rafts , attacks continued after the ship was identified by Israel , and all the rest . These myths have been studied and discarded by more credible sources . The Liberty incident was a tragedy . And like the US downing of an Iranian passenger jet , or the attack by US Jets on our own helicopters during the gulf war , the Liberty incident teaches us about the tragedy and mistakes of war . ASSAULT ON THE LIBERTY , sadly , teaches us little .
 For some time , the United States had had an emergency plan to attack Israel , a plan updated just prior to the 1967 war , aimed at preventing Israel from expanding westward , into Sinai , or eastward , into the West Bank.In May 1967 , one of the U.S. commands was charged with the task of removing the plan from the safe , refreshing it and preparing for an order to go into action.This unknown aspect of the war was revealed in what was originally a top-secret study conducted by the Institute for Defense Analyses in Washington.In February 1968 , an institute expert , L. Weinstein , wrote an article called `` Critical Incident No. 14 , '' about the U.S. involvement in the Middle East crisis of May-June 1967 . Only 30 copies of his study were printed for distribution . Years later the material was declassified and can now be read by everyone , although details that are liable to give away sources ' identities and operational ideas have remained censored.Strike Command , the entity that was to have launched the attack on Israel , no longer exists . It was annulled in 1971 for domestic American reasons and superseded by Readiness Command , which was abolished in the 1980s in favor of Central Command -LRB- CENTCOM -RRB- - which today includes forces in Iraq , Iran , Syria , Lebanon , Egypt , Jordan and Afghanistan - and the Special Operations Command -LRB- SOCOM -RRB- . As Willy Wonka said `` It 's all there , black and white , clear as crystal ! `` The United States of America , an alleged ally did knowingly initiate and prepare military plans to attack Israel and interfere in here ability to defend herself and deal shattering blow to their enemies . The U.S.S. Liberty was a spyship sent by the treacherous United States Govt into the area to gather data to allow StrikeCom , the arm of the army that would be responsible for initiating this attack to know where to better strike.Its there , it almost happened and the only ones responsible for the Liberty is her Captain who knew exactly why they were spying on Israel and the joint chiefs of staff , its all been declassified so dont try and pretend this is some imaginary Zionist fairy tale.You setup the Maine , Pearl Harbor , even Americans are saying that the United States are the ones behind 911 , so maybe you should trash your own goverment over this .
 The latest edition by Mr. Ennes could easily be titled `` Assault on the Facts . '' The errors in the book range from minor to major , and that does n't even take into account that by June 14 , 1967 the author 's mind was made up and he `` was convinced that the attack was deliberate , premeditated murder . '' -LRB- pg . 137 . -RRB- He claims the Israelis attacked his ship , knowing her to be the American ship , USS LIBERTY . The author allows no room for doubt because he had already concluded the Israelis could not have made a mistake . Yet acknowledgment is made of the multiple U.S. military command , control and communication failures which contributed to the tragic incident . While the U.S. can make mistakes , the Israelis -LRB- engaged in a major war -RRB- for some reason can not.All one need do is read the book -LRB- plus two addendums-1986 , now 2002 -RRB- as well as Mr. Ennes ' other published works to understand that the story-telling of events has not only not been consistent , but given the available documentation , not accurate either.Some representative examples of problems are : The author ignored hand-written logs , sworn testimony and messages which directly refute the claim in the book of an Israeli `` extended '' attack -LRB- which he did not witness . -RRB- Mentioned in the addendum -LRB- pg . 7 -RRB- is that the 23-page Summary of Events attachment to the JAG endorsement report supports the author 's claim . It does not . The summary is taken straight from the 160-page testimony record , which has no mention of any `` extended '' attack.In the book -LRB- pgs . 145-146 -RRB- there is mentioned a reportedly under oath , but unrecorded , exchange involving Cdr . McGonagle and the court . That only could have been told to the author directly because there would not have been any other individual present -LRB- such as another , unnamed , LIBERTY officer as stated . -RRB- Credibility also suffers when only part of McGonagle 's original 1967 released condensed testimony is used , and not the complete transcript of proceedings , which was available -LRB- pg . 146 endnote 1 , and pg . 219 . -RRB- The author initially wrote a non-specific story that LIBERTY overheard IAF aircraft reporting to Hdqs that the ship was American -LRB- pg . 220 -RRB- . Then later it became the author personally was told this when it was `` whispered '' to him by a supervisor , CT Chief Smith -LRB- killed in the attack . -RRB- It then changed to having personally heard these reports from the intercept operators . Additionally , the author wrote in 1984 that LIBERTY was recording Israeli communications on June 5 relating to the planned attack on the Syrian Golan Heights . This while the ship was still in the central Mediterranean ; does the author assume the IDF did not have secure telephone lines between Tel Aviv and Northern Command ? Then later the story switched to LIBERTY had orders to not even listen to -LRB- or record -RRB- Israeli signals ; as well as stating there were no Hebrew linguists aboard . Now in the addendum -LRB- pg . 17 , Errata -RRB- the author claims , without any supporting material , that one linguist , NSA civilian Allen Blue -LRB- also killed in the attack -RRB- knew Hebrew because somehow , somewhere , it has been discovered that Blue supposedly learned it in his spare time.As the LIBERTY 'S electronic material officer the author claims the ship had no jamming -LRB- ECM -RRB- equipment -LRB- pg . 218 . -RRB- Yet NSA has released photos of LIBERTY 'S foremast/antenna arrangement , with multiple ECM antennas specifically noted.The author writes Israel issued a `` news release '' stating Israel asked the US Gov ' t `` for the location of any American ships near the Israeli coast , and had not received a reply . '' -LRB- pg . 127 -RRB- Yet no `` news release '' has ever been produced , or quoted.In the book the author states that the piston-driven A-1 Skyraiders would be the only Sixth Fleet aircraft which would `` require ninety minutes '' to reach LIBERTY -LRB- pg . 240 . -RRB- Yet it is documented by the Sixth Fleet that the jets would require ninety minutes , and the Skyraiders , a full three hours to do so . Why the difference ? The author assumed all aircraft can fly any distance at maximum published speed , regardless of any ordnance load.In pg 116 it is written LIBERTY encountered a Russian destroyer -LRB- marked `` 626/4 '' -RRB- in the early hours of June 9 while ignoring LIBERTY 'S log entry of encountering a Russian merchant ship at 4:40 AM , with no mention of this ship `` standing by . '' The Russian 626 had in fact been trailing/harassing the carrier AMERICA on June 8 near Crete and tagged along when the task group steamed towards LIBERTY during the night . The Russian 626 did n't arrive until late AM on June 9 . Revealing an unfamiliarly with naval communication procedures , the author forgot to drop the '' / 4 '' -LRB- numerical check digit in naval messages -RRB- when he copied this later reference of a nearby Russian destroyer from a LIBERTY escort June 9 PM message.To summarize
 There have been 10 official investigations since this friendly fire incident to prove that it was an accident . Israel 's accusers still can not come up with a reasonable explanation for this incident . The author of this book as well as several reviewers are obviously Jew haters and this is evident by what they write which has nothing to do with the book.None of Israel 's accusers can explain why Israel would deliberately attack an American ship at a time when the United States was Israel 's only friend and supporter in the world . Confusion in a long line of communications , which occurred in a tense atmosphere on both the American and Israeli sides -LRB- five messages from the Joint Chiefs of Staff for the ship to remain at least 25 miles - the last four said 100 miles - off the Egyptian coast arrived after the attack was over -RRB- is a more probable explanation.Accidents caused by `` friendly fire '' are common in wartime . In 1988 , the U.S. Navy mistakenly downed an Iranian passenger plane , killing 290 civilians . During the Gulf War , 35 of the 148 Americans who died in battle were killed by `` friendly fire . '' In April 1994 , two U.S. Black Hawk helicopters with large U.S. flags painted on each side were shot down by U.S. Air Force F-15s on a clear day in the `` no fly '' zone of Iraq , killing 26 people . In April 2002 , an American F-16 dropped a bomb that killed four Canadian soldiers in Afghanistan . In fact , the day before the Liberty was attacked , Israeli pilots accidentally bombed one of their own armored columnsIsrael apologized for the tragedy and paid nearly $ 13 million in humanitarian reparations to the United States and to the families of the victims in amounts established by the U.S. State Department . The matter was officially closed between the two governments by an exchange of diplomatic notes on December 17 , 1987 .
 Ennes 's book should be considered more a work of fiction than of fact . He decides in advance that Israel attacked the Liberty in full knowledge that it was an American ship . Ennes maintains that there never has been an investigation of the incident , in spite of the fact that at least five thorough U.S. Governmental investigations -LRB- Navy , Congressional Committees , etc. -RRB- have been conducted ; they all conclude that the attack was due to errors made by both the U.S. and Israel . Ennes , like other conspiracy theorists , want to believe otherwise , and he twists facts , and manufactures others , while ignoring all evidence to the contrary , to prove his point.Ennes , disregarding all available evidence , as well as logic , implicates President Johnson , and high American officials , as well as the captain of the Liberty , in the `` cover-up '' . There is no plausible motive given for Israel , in the midst of a war of survival , to knowingly attack the vessel of the only country in the world which was friendly to it.To obtain a dependable account of the investigations and their conclusions , read Jay Cristol 's THE LIBERTY INCIDENT
 Where are the facts ? James Ennes bases the entire book on his alleged encounter at a coffee machine with another Liberty officer in 1974 . This man claimed to have been at a Pentagon meeting with Admiral David L. McDonald . In this meeting he claims that William Fulbright stated that Pres. Lyndon Johnson told him that he believed the attack was deliberate.When interviewed by A. JAy Cristol , Senator Fulbright confirmed that he and Johnson were n't on good terms at the time and were n't even talking . McDonald , chief of Naval Operations in 1967 was also interviewed and he `` had no recollection of any such conversation with Fulbright . In short Ennes makes claims that are NOT verifiable and this proves the sloppy journalism that this book , Assault on the Liberty , is guilty of.There are many books on this subject that are backed up by facts and evidence , read one of those instead of the book above that is based simply on hearsay and revenge fantasies .
 This book is absolutely junk . The author still can not give a reasonable explanation as to why Israel would attack an ally on purpose . There is so much sworn testimony out there that is n't even mentioned in this book . It does not present an unbiased , objective version of the events . It is only one man 's propaganda against a nation he hates.Look at what the Committee for Accuracy in Middle East Reporting in America -LRB- CAMERA -RRB- says about this accidental attack . There have also been too many investigations for any of MR. Ennes ' lies to stand up . For example , here are the investigations that found no wrong doing : C.I.A. report June 13 , 1967 no malice ; attack a mistakeU.S . Navy Court of Inquiry June 18 , 1967 mistaken identityReport by Clark Clifford July 18 , 1967 no evidence ship was known to be AmericanSenate Select Committee on Intelligence 1979/1981 no merit to claims attack was intentionalNational Security Agency 1981 Mistaken identityHouse Armed Services Cmtee 1991/1992 No support for claims attack was intentionalFriendly fire accidents happen all the time in war . They happened in WW2 , in Vietnam , in Desert Storm -LRB- most allied deaths were from accidents in this war -RRB- . Even the other day the US shot down a British Tornado warplane . Was it on purpose ? Of course not.Some people want t hold Israel to a higher standard than other nations , but in the end it just weakens their arguments as it did with this book .
 One can go on forever about who is pro this or pro that , but the truth is that the most complete and recognized book on the subject of the Liberty is written by Jay Cristol , a United States Judge who has devoted his life to the FACTS of what went on that day . This book shows one side , from an emotional person who was hurt and angry . If you read this book , you do yourself and history a disservice if you do not read Jay Cristol 's book as well . I was `` horrified '' by the incident , as any American would be , until I read the explanations and facts addressed by Judge Cristol . Seemingly impossible facts to refute , mentioned in this book , have complicated but indisputable answers . A country fighting for its life does not brutally attack its ONLY ally in the world . There are answers , and this book does not have them . Judge Cristol 's book does .
 Ennes one-man crusade against the Jewish faith has been going on for decades and has culminated in this piece of fiction . Innuendo and speculation replaces verifiable facts and sworn testimony .
 Once again fiction is called fact ! the only thing this book does is to try and inflame a hatred for Israel and Jews worldwide.The Facts are there but Ennes refuses to look at them.I 'm appaled that what he calls fact is nothing more then refuted lies.Change the title to : `` Lies and how they made me rich `` Most of the people praising this book are the USENET whackjobs who post this thing daily in Jewish/Israeli Newsgroups and NEVER ever do they read the facts . Ennes has once again given the Tin Foil gang something to roll in while to the rest of the world it is a waste of good trees
 This book is full of factual errors . If you read this work of fiction you will not learn , you will just be misinformed . I recommend that you do not waste your time or money on this book .
 The seller shipped it quick that was great , but the book it self is not for me . If you already have a basic knowledge and an extensive vocabulary . You may enjoy this .
 I read where Faulkner is sometimes referred to as the American Shakespeare . After reading A Fable , that is true if you want to use Shakespeare 's `` Much Ado about Nothing '' to describe Faulkner 's Pultizer Prize winning book . Who really needs a 600 + sentence while his stream of consciousness writing results in the reader becoming unconscious . The last 100 pages of the book was n't bad , but it is hard to believe that it won the Pultizer . Earl Holden
 As the past reviewer I did not arrive to the page with THE END printed on it , and I really hate to be unable to finish a book . Anecdote aside , I am aware that my review lacks proper grounds , but since there is so much to read and too little time , I strongly suggest you to look for other works of this author . During the first chapter I seems to be going great , the drama was cleaver and catchy . But suddenly in the second chapter it just stops and all the events seem to be going nowhere . Besides the construction of the language is boring and confusing . It feels like the author worked in this novel for a while , then left it during some years locked in a closet and one fine day decided to complete it , but without being at ease doing so .
 I had to read and re-read numerous sections of this book hoping to understand what Faulkner was getting at with this story and sadly , I never did get it . I knew that this was going to be a difficult book but not to the point that it discourages a person to never want to pick up another book . Faulkner 's language and structure was not beautiful but forced and did n't seem to come natural like it had for me in his other works . There were times when I was reading when I thought that Faulkner was enjoying himself ramble aboout a non-sensical detail that left me frustrated and wanting to put the book down for good , but I carried on and finished the book.The book had its moments but not enough of them to make a clear and understandable story for me . Read at your own risk of being completely disappointed with Faulkner 's A Fable .
 I 'll start this review by saying that I do n't pretend to be a literary critic but am simply an avid reader . This is my second Faulkner novel having read The Sound and The Fury twice many years ago . This won both the National Book Award and the Pulitzer Prize which has been done only a few other times . I had high expectations as I think so highly of The Sound and The Fury and Faulkner is clearly one of the great twentieth century authors.I was also fascinated by the topic of the Christ analogy in World War I. Finally , Faulkner considers A Fable to be his masterpiece.I was prepared to reread where necessary and I was prepared for a difficult book.Despite all this , I truly hated this novel . It is an extremely dense novel where absolutely nothing is spoon fed to the reader . Every day that I read this I found to be an immense chore . I love reading but could only stand to read A Fable at a pace of around 20 pages per day . While reading it , I described it to friends as sapping my will to read.In the end , I consider it a noble failure . Perhaps only a great writer like Faulkner is ambitious enough to fail so completely . Despite reading the entire book and even rereading large chunks of it , I found it completely unenjoyable.As far as describing the plot , I 'll simply quote the Wikipedia entry which is a good summary . POSSIBLE SPOILER WARNING
 No wonder there is so little said about this award-winning Faulkner work . It is a chore to read . Only in a few passages does the reader have the sense that the writer can tell a good story . Worse than that , the characters are like Rorschak blots with the Christian mythology mixed in . Stick with Faulkner 's southern writings for characters who remain in your memory and images that are profound .
 ... this is a poor attempt at rediscovering the truths of Christ 's passion . Faulkner says very little as to what his opinion of war is , his characters instead demonstrate an ethic that is apart from war . It is instead a story that lives within a war without being a commentary on war . Unfortunately , it is incomprehensible in language and style . Once you finish , it does redeem itself somewhat , in that you see what the point was -LRB- for most of it -RRB- . But it is a harsh , rocky road to the end . I had to read it for a class ... i would n't have gotten anywhere otherwise . Highly not recommended to anyone but Faulkner fanatics .
 I generally like and admire Faulkner 's work , but this novel -LRB- or whatever it is -RRB- got the better of me . Usually I make myself finish any book I read no matter how difficult , but with `` A Fable '' I simply could n't do it -LRB- and I 've managed the entirety of James Joyce 's `` Ulysses '' and Proust 's `` Remembrance of Things Past '' . -RRB- I may have a Master 's Degree in English , but I still had great trouble following what was going on in the book , much less appreciating what it was trying to say . It 's amazing to me that the Pulitzer Prize committee could even manage to get through this thing , much less give it an award . I have n't given up on Faulkner , but for the first time since I was a college undergraduate , I 've given up on a book . It took `` A Fable '' to bring me to my knees .
 I can tell you this is probablt the hardest book you 'll ever read . Its uses differrent language that you can not understand . The boy Jethro talks so wierd my mom couldnt even understand . If you have this book as a book report tell the teacher everyone who read it told you it was hard because it really is . I have a Civil War book report due and I picked this book because my brother read it but he 's some kind of genius . So I hope this will help you to pick another book.Unless your in Middle School or 8th Grade this book is way to hard unless your some kind of genius .
 I have to help my 5th . Grade daughter to understand this book , can anybody help me first ! If you have read and have a summary could you share ! Thanks
 WILL SOMEONE PLEASE SEND ME SOME INFO ON THIS BOOK ! please ! i 'm dyin ' over here if you read this please HELP ME ! you got ta help me i would read it but i ca n't stand the dang thing and it 's soooo confusing . so if you have any info at all i would really appreciate it a character list a chapter by chapter summary any thing ... my emial adress is dci80@aol.com please help me !
 Yes i have a book report to do on Across five aprils , by Irene Hunt , in my book report i must write what the charachter looks like , but in the book it did not say , it is very hard to under stand please give me all the information u can thank u
 There is a crying need for new histories of the Cold War based on revelations , especially from Soviet sources , but also from declassified American material released since the end of the period . This is not it . Covering the 40 + years in less than 300 pages implies some superficiality , but Gaddis ' approach makes the effort essentially worthless . He also has to take the obligatory slap at McCarthy without bothering to admit that `` we now know '' -LRB- the title of another Gaddis work -RRB- that declassified material has largely shown that he told the truth and his detractors consistently lied . He then digresses into a ludricrous analysis of nuclear strategy that coincides with no known theory . He has dumbed the entire process down to a horrible degree and the entire enterprise is awash in political correctness .
 John Lewis Gaddis presents an establishment view of The Cold War in this abbreviated book . Gaddis states that he wrote the book because his students at Yale were beginning to see this period as ancient history . But this book is not a college text despite the plethora of references . It is a simplified retelling from a decidedly American perspective of a period of time in history where the world hung by a nuclear thread . For those of us who were alive during this period the book is mostly old hat . It does provide a few insights and some esoteric information , but there are no startling revelations . The viewpoint is clearly American and thus this work lacks the objectivity that would be provided by a more neutral observer.Gaddis largely glosses over the immoral acts committed by the American side . In fact with chapter five -LRB- The Recovery of Equity -RRB- he implies that America was a moral country that just temporarily went wrong -LRB- for good reason -RRB- and then after Nixon recovered its moral compass . This , of course , is nonsense . America has a long history of immoral and violent acts including the stealing of the land from the native people and their virtual imprisonment in desolate areas -LRB- read Dee Brown 's book , Bury My Heart at Wounded Knee for the truth here -RRB- , the enslavement of an entire race of people which was ended only by a violent Civil War , the wars of aggression against Mexico and Spain , etc. . For a more critical -LRB- and accurate -RRB- view of American history read A People 's History of the United States by Howard Zinn.Gaddis fails to understand that history is a continuum and by focusing on one short period of American history he fails to portray the country in an accurate light . He also whitewashes President Truman for his decision to drop atomic bombs on two Japanese cities . There is ample evidence at this time that the Japanese had largely agreed to the eventual surrender terms prior to this heinous act . He also claims that the Cold War can be symbolized by the ideological differences between Wilson and Lenin . At the beginning Lenin seemed to be winning , Gaddis states , but in the end Wilsonian principles prevailed . We have only to look at the rise of China and the current financial crisis in the democratic west to see how wrong this perspective is.In sum , for most people reading this book will be a waste of time for anyone but the most ignorant , pro-America readers .
 The Cold War
 Could n't believe how distorted the author 's view is . How can anybody say Stalin who killed brutally over 80 millions of their own innocent people in communist regime `` A democratic leader ? '' We pay for the expensive tuition at college for our children and our naive youngsters get brainwashed by these kind or distorted propaganda ? I have a idea . Send all these extreme liberal college teacher to china or Cuba , north Korea to live there 5 years . Let them to be live like their citizen , not be protected as American visiting citizen to really live with true communist government . That 's it . And let me see what kind of book they will write after the real experience with the real communism . Then they will wake up from these idle - ideology . 1989 , Tinamen square , a million chines college students marched to protest against their communist government of oppression
 I received the book and it appeared to be in good order . Not until I was far into the book did I realize it was missing over 30 pages . I did n't realize one needed to count the pages in a book to make sure they were all there .
 I frankly find myself scratching my head reading the positive reviews after having read this book . I unfortunately agree more with Mr. Desmond 's negative assessment . I ca n't be quite as harsh as him though and do give the book two stars.One star is for attempting to write a book of such ambitious design , a one stop overview of the entire cold war . The second is for the fact that the author is at least a very good writer -LRB- fluid prose , vivid descriptions , etc. -RRB- , but for reasons I 'll explain shortly this does not mean I think he 's a good historian.There are many , many flaws in this book . First , as a history of the entire Cold War , it is 256 pages of actual text or so . To say depth is lost and superficiality is necessary to try to cover so large an event over such a long period of time in so short an amount of space would be a drastic understatement . It fails however to make up for this lack of depth by pulling out new or innovative insights by virtue of its tremendous breadth . The author clearly knows a lot of facts of the cold war , and repeats some of them , but his insights are just terrible , if not completely sophmoric . Many of his insights are along the lines of declaring that Moscow and Washington `` really did think alike '' because both believed thermonuclear weapons could destroy civilization if used . You could also conclude that Catholic priests and atheists think alike because both believe the sky is blue . This completely glosses over the extreme and salient differences in ideologies and paradigms with which the west and the communists saw and interpreted the world . He seems to conclude that capitalism won simply because it was hopeful -LRB- as opposed to communism 's autocratic and fearful nature -RRB- and because it just so happened to be better at allocating resources , a further symptom of what seems to be a gross misunderstanding of what both systems were truly about and their fundamentally irreconcible moral / philosophical foundations . -LRB- A misunderstanding that astonishingly leads him to declare China a capitalist country after Deng Xiaoping comes to power , although this sloppy and unrealistic assessment of China is unfortunately rampant today and continues to obfuscate the true natures of capitalism and communism -RRB- . He also claims that human nature actually physically changed as evidenced by the fact that mankind did not use nuclear weapons , and that it changed as a result of leaders like Harry Truman . These assertions are not only strikingly rare for a book of this nature , but seem alarmingly obtuse when offered.The book also suffers from being very poorly organized . It is not chronological , which is fine , but neither is it theme driven , divided instead into pseudo-thematic chapters . However , with titles like `` Lifeboats and Deathboats , '' the themes of these chapters are not only vague , but hard to actually see shining through in the content of the chapter or in any analysis of said content . As a result it 's 250 + pages of randomly jumping about datapoints from the cold war that progresses chronologically only on average . The near random agglomeration of facts in each chapter seems connected to the title only through clumsily crafted analogies to pop culture references . Often these analogies came off as both forced fit and unconvincing . For example the Lifeboats and Deathboats chapter ties into a reference to the once popular book Life of Pi , but not really in any meaningful way . One gets the sense of the author just liking the book and being proud of himself for plugging it in his own , or thinking that proving to the world he read it makes him come off as smart or cultured.Another major flaw with the book is that you are better off reading it with overview knowledge about the cold war already , and I would not recommend it to someone who lacks this knowledge - ostensibly the book 's target audience . Completely lacking in organization , major themes of the Cold War , particularly Detente , usually just appear in mid stream of other thoughts as references . They are barely explained , let alone even introduced . And due to the short nature of the book are given equally short shrift , undeserving of their importance to the world we now live in.This book is not even light history , it 's history lite . No calories , no steak , not even the sizzle . If Mr. Gaddis is the pre-eminent American historian of the Cold War I weep for the state of American historians.This book is quick and easy to read , and has some interesting information , but I ca n't really recommend it .
 The Cold War
 This is a well written book that unfortunately is not the book I hoped it would be . If , like me , you are looking for a book that retells the history and events of the cold war then you will be disappointed . If you already possess a knowledge or vivid memory of those events and are looking for an opinion on the thoughts of individuals and the ideology that led to those events then you will be delighted . For example , I would expect a book on the Cold War to spend 10 + pages on the Berlin airlift . There was one sentence that mentioned it occurred . Checkpoint Charlie and the stories associated with it - not mentioned . Gary Powers and the U2 plane - one paragraph . Etc. . Etc. . Again , this is a well written book and the author did n't fail to deliver so much as I failed to buy the right book . I offer this review so that others looking for the same book I was are n't disappointed .
 I picked up `` The Cold War
 I found this book to be a monumental disappointment . I was expecting to read a balanced and impartial account of the history of the Cold War . What I encountered instead is an almost pamphletarian capitalist manifesto . The book does a good job in exposing the many evils of Marxism-Leninism but it completely glosses over the equally evil aspects of the capitalist system , which have only worsened in the decade and a half since the end of the Cold War . An interplanetary visitor reading this book would be led to believe that all humans living in capitalist societies enjoy freedom , justice , equal opportunities and unlimited possibilities of material and intellectual growth . Nothing could be further form the truth . I wonder if the author has ever had a chance to travel to , for example , Latin America -LRB- or even to areas of the U.S. less prosperous than the ones with which he may be more familiar -RRB- , and experience first hand the many social and economic injustices bred by the capitalist system . As an aside , I also note with amusement that he correctly and consistently points out the fallacy in the central tenet of Marxism-Leninism that its triumph was historically preordained , yet he uses this same argument to justify the ascendancy of capitalism ! I 'm sorry , but you ca n't have it both ways .
 Silly , jingoistic , pulp history shot through with half truths , unsupported and unsupportable claims and distortions . John Lewis Gaddis is a history professor at Yale University but how he can draw so many stupid conclusions from the Cold War is beyond me . Nobody in their right mind would say that Stalin was a nice , democratic leader , nor would they be likely to say his successors were freedom loving liberals either but the standard neo-con treatment these days is to score points with heavy handed jingoism rather than presenting history as it happened . I 'm sorely tempted to call it propaganda.The layout of the book is extremely poor and jumps from one thing to another without any real semblance of method . You will find yourself reading about Stalin one minute , then Kruschev the next and finally back to Stalin again . Very confusing and giving the appearance that he has something of an obsession with Stalin.His assertion that the US achieved its amazing industrial power due to a lack of Government intervention is a neo-con line which is not supported in fact . Most US Government war contracts were designed to fulfil Government specifications . His claim that Americans in 1945 lived in the freest society on the planet is unsupportable . Obviously he has never been to Australia , New Zealand or Eire . When he said nobody knows how the Berlin Blockade started , I could n't believe my eyes ! Both Hilton and Taylor explain it in their respective books on the Berlin Wall.He spends barely a page on the Cuban Missile Crisis of 1962 and scarcely bothers to explain that the missiles were installed because of fears that the US would invade after the attempted Bay of Pigs invasion the year before . Asserting that this information has only just been released from Soviet archives does nothing for the argument . Blind Freddy could have seen that.When the Soviets or the Chinese cracked down on insurgencies in their own territories or those of a client state , Gaddis digs deep for another triumphant assertion that the US never did this but does not concede that the states they supported most certainly did , especially the dictatorships they cheerfully installed in Central and South America . Later in the book he does point out the activities undertaken by the CIA in South America but it 's scarcely relevant.All the US leaders were great
 John Lewis Gaddis 's The Cold War
 As many have already stated this book is a strange combination of being too basic and assuming to much . While reading I kept wishing it was longer since there was very little substance to each segment it covered . I also think that the fact that it goes considerably forward and backward in time pointless and creates some repetition in a book that already covers too little ground . A history of the Cold War is just too complicated to have even an abbreviated version in about 250 pages . The author is brave to try but he ends up being at the same time too obscure for beginners since he wo n't explain the context -LRB- or even the events -RRB- in any depth while at the same time too simplistic for those more educated on the subject who will find frustrating that he never elaborates some incredibly bold assertions.I will give an example , in page 204 -LRB- hardcover edition -RRB- he mentions how Sadat expected to lose the 1973 war but gain a political victory from it . Really ... wow that 's really amazing ... I wish it had been more than just MENTIONED ! This `` fact '' lacks even a reference ! -LRB- yep , no mention of a bibliographical reference at all -RRB- . I 'm sure Sadat must have been really surprised at his near victory then . Knowing the level of the average Yale professor I do n't doubt that Dr Gaddis has a good -LRB- or at least some -RRB- foundation for this claim , what I find unbelievable is that he would mention things like this throughout the book without an explanation or source . That is just lazy writing.Therefore this book falls below the mark for a good history book , since it lacks any contexts , descriptions , and often even source ; and is more accurately described as a commentary -LRB- in this case of the Cold War in general -RRB- , however it fails to be a good commentary for being incredibly shallow and diffuse to the point that it hardly adds anything to the subject.It is a good idea to write a single volume history of the Cold War , this one however will only please a very narrow audience that does n't need contextualization and description and yet accepts superficial -LRB- and frequently non-cited -RRB- commentary .
 I was really ready for whatever this author had to say . I was looking for content for a talk I had to give on biblical masculinity and femininity . I found enough material buried in the book to be useful , amidst many qualifiers and apologies . However , I found it almost impossible to find a truly coherent , let alone concise or powerful quote . That was disappointing ! If you are going to posit something , be brave and posit it boldly ! If you are n't right , then there is no need to say it . And if you are right , say it boldly so we can understand why it is important . I happen to think he is on to something . Just wish he had said it better .
 This edition of Freud had NO FOOTNOTES ! How can any publisher take pride in itself , when it removes the such an essential element to from the text ? This is shameful .
 I threw this book in the trash , I was so very disappointed . Characters are flat , story lines are absurd ... why would I be interested in a stepmother sleeping with her stepson after the funeral of her husband ? All of you who seem to love this author , switch to Elizabeth Berg ... superior author and stories with depth .
 This is one of the most disappointing book of short stories I have read in a long time . The characters are shallow , boring and forgettable . The book has a section called `` Three Stories '' , describing different times in the lives of the same characters . The character development , however , was so shallow , that I did n't realize I was reading about the same people until I noticed that I was seeing the same -LRB- unusual -RRB- name , Galen , so many times . Ms. Bloom tries to add surprises to each story . Since I could n't identify or empathize with the characters , the surprises were just an author trying to add oomph to an otherwise dull story .
 After the war German Generals were de-briefed at length over a range of subjects . These included their fighting techniques use of weapons and their war with the Soviets . The aim of these sessions was to be able to improve the efficiency of the United States Army and to get some idea of the fighting strength of the Russians . This book is a collection of the interviews with German Generals . They are a series of essays on a range of topics . The major problem with them is that during the war the Germans themselves has little real idea of why they lost the war.This comes through in these essays . There is an impression of somehow having lost against the mongol hoards but little real understanding of the relative strengths of the forces and why the Soviets were able to resist the Germans and to then achieve a numerical preponderance . The essays also reflect the prejudices of the time with lots of discussion of the Asiatic mind and an approach that led to thinking being based on race.The book is thus disappointing as it is fragmented bound by its time and lacking in any real insight . -LRB- Except for one interesting fact and that was that the Germans had to use vegetable oil as a lubricant on their weapons as normal oils froze in the Russian winter -RRB-
 A very poor book . Do n't bother . From the title , you 'd think the book has interesting information from high-level commanders . It does n't . It 's mostly just a bunch of ramblings , often contradictory . The chapter on Finland maybe would rate three stars . I think the only useful information in the whole book otherwise was the information on the number of snow-plows per mile that were needed to keep roads clear . If you are looking for any other logistical info , forget it . The description of the book is highly misleading , and I regret having bought it .
 A very dull and dry book . Not engaging in the descriptions of the actions or events . A book with maps and simple listing of the dates and actions would have been far more entertaining and informational.Had a really hard time trying to read this book . Infantry and Panzer Aces by Kurowski , both provide better detail and information on the fighting on the Eastern Front . An even better book on the upper command situation in WW2 is Panzer Battles , by von Mellenthin.Recommendation , borrow it from the library instead if you really want to read it . You are not missing anything .
 Fighting In Hell at some pionts was like `` Reading In **** '' The book is on Personal passages of four German Commanders in the Eastern Front . For someone doing a school report on this subject , the book would have some good info . At some points in the book it is suggested what to wear in really cold weather , etc. , For the average reader -LRB- like myself -RRB- looking for a good read with action , this is not the book . I did learn some new things that I was not aware of previously however , I could not wait to finish this book , it was boring and too long . I 'm glad it was only a seven dollar book ! I would not buy this book again !!!
 This is strictly a batch of poorly written first-hand reports without appropriate annotation . There are interesting anecdotes about the fierce cold and the toll it took , but this simply was n't a well-done book . Disappointing
 I consider myself to be a `` serious '' history buff , and this book is not history ! It 's a boring rehash from behind the front German generals . What ordeals did they suffer compared to the troops on the line ? This book was boring , stilted , and told me nothing I had n't read elsewhere .
 I continue in my quest to find a good book from German side that is fair about a such topic like East Front . When I say fair I mean not touched by Cold War 's blinders : -RRB- Well ... again a failure . I understand that the book was written using defeated German -LRB- or still Nazi :-RRB- -RRB- Generals during the 50s , but ... . NOWADAYS I 'd like to read a book without the cliche about the Russian Winter , Asian menthality -LRB- this is a bit racistic IMHO -RRB- and so on.However , if you like books with a strong German bias , and continue to believe to German General 's tales you can buy it . But remember here you do n't find real insight
 The book itself is an anthology of racialistic Nazi apologia as recorded by and for the benefit of the US military.Except for being a testimony to the unshakable prejudices of defeated Nazis -LRB- like the description of peculiarities of Russian war mentality , Asiatic stuff and other bizarre , outrageously obscene Nazi falsehoods -RRB- , the material contains no relevant historic data ; neither it provides any answers to anything nor asks any meaningful questions.No one questions how did the `` valiant '' German army and the Nazis ' faithful , enthusiastic and willing allies like the Finns manage to lose the war so completely - despite all their recorded bestiality , savagery , looting and mass murder of -LRB- Soviet and other -RRB- civilian population - the only things they apparently excelled in -LRB- and which they conveniently prefer not to mention -RRB- -- aside from the regular , boring fare of cold temperature and other esoteric `` explanations '' -LRB- a fallacy - since Russians `` suffered '' from the cold weather as much as the Nazis and their allies -RRB- and other racist irrelevancies - or how and why did they find themselves in Russia in the first place .
 This book is split into 4 segments of German officers talking about
 An interesting premise for a WWII history book - this is a compilation of the writings of various German soldiers in Allied captivity who wrote about thier experiences on the Russian front - unfortunately most , if not all , of the personal experiences and anecdotes have been left out . It reads like a fairly dry battle manual , describing Russian tacticts , the ` personality ' and leadership style of the Russians , etc. very little in the way of interesting anecdotes . This is a valuable piece of researh - useful for a historian doing specific research on tacticts on the Russian front , but is little more than a dry overview . If you are looking for an interesting narative , this is NOT it . If you are looking for battle tacticts and examinations of the russian way of combat - possibly as research material for a book or research paper , this may be for you , otherwise , you may want to avoid this .
 This is one of those awful marketing scams . You know , you buy a book and find you have only a quarter of the story , you have to buy three more to find out what happened.This book , Death 's Gray Land , is 90 % padding and rubbish meanderings and about 10 % of ... no , I ca n't even say 10 % of it is ` good ' ; it is all rubbish , in fact.The author has written what is really a civil war novel , about an imaginary civil war , with virtually no action ; instead , just lots and lots of unneccessary description and meaningless dialogue . And then this has been called an SF novel ! There 's no science in it and little else of interest .
 This is a great book but do not purchase the Kindle edition . I needed this book for a college class and I had a Kindle so I decided to purchase it for my Kindle . Well when I started reading the assignments the book they were using in class was not matching up with what I was reading on my Kindle . Some of chapters are similar but it 's missing a lot of chapters . When you click on the Kindle edition it gives you a book with a different name `` Journey into God 's Word '' and even though Amazon says it 's the Kindle edition for this book it 's not ! I would recommend you stick with the paper copy of `` Grasping God 's Word '' until Amazon gets this issue fixed .
 I am so disappointed in this book , what a waste of money . This is a direct quote from the book
 Thank you for sending the book fast so that I could start reading it for my college class
 This is classic case of buffet style bible reading . It 's all well and good if we focus on the touchy-feely parts of the bible and come away with that same warm and fuzzy feeling that drives the sale of Christian books and stupefies the simple minded into filling the collection plates.If the bible was divinely inspired , then every bit of it should conform to all known facts in nature . Every bit of it should uplifting , useful , and good . Every bit of it should be true . Yet we find vile and repugnant things that are commanded , condoned , or personally carried out by old Yahweh himself . Over the years , mankind is left with the task of smoothing over , reinterpreting and in most cases outright ignoring some of the more despicable and ridiculous parts of the bible.Is it any wonder Scott Duvall did not explain too well : Deuteronomy 21
 The publisher created this book utilizing OCR software . There are multiple typos on every page , in some cases rendering words incomprehensible . This is explained by the publisher as a cost-containment measure . So everyone wins ! What a joke . This particular book should never have been published . I wish I had gone elsewhere to read this wonderful play .
 Prof. Bonnie Wheeler of the International Joan of Arc Society has labeled this book `` dead wrong '' -LRB- a position which she rarely takes -RRB- , and other researchers , myself included , tend to agree . More precisely
 Historians have rejected this book as erroneous on many points . While the material is relatively balanced , it nevertheless makes far too many baseless claims which have given rise to several profound falsifications of the subject.In some cases , the book misquotes or misrepresents 15th century documents . For example , eyewitness accounts describing Joan as `` beautiful and shapely '' , very feminine , and `` short '' , are here distorted or glossed over to make precisely the opposite claims about her appearance . The book also seems to have been responsible for inventing the absurd notion that Joan undressed in front of her troops , again by distorting or misinterpreting the accounts . Likewise , it gave rise to another falsehood by indirectly implying that Joan was a lesbian . This was achieved by irresponsibly citing out of context - while nevertheless simultaneously admitting the genuine facts of the matter - the testimony concerning the 9-year old Charlotte Boucher , the -LRB- then -RRB- 12 or 13-year old Hauviette de Sionne , and Marguerite La Touroulde , with whom Joan was sometimes placed in bed for various reasons , usually as a then-common means of coping with a lack of adequate bedspace in a household . The author admits that this was in fact the custom and does not imply lesbian sexual activity -LRB- or pedophilia , in the case of the young girls -RRB- , but the book nevertheless delights in making sly innuendoes to the contrary which later authors then adopted in order to make more direct claims.Other errors are numerous . Martin Ladvenu 's testimony was misquoted by alleging that she was raped by her English guards , although Ladvenu instead described only attempted rape , as did the other eyewitnesses . Several scurrilous allegations about her family are invented or repeated , without basis . Modern political ideology is introduced by misinterpreting Joan of Arc 's role
 This book , while well-written , is fatally marred by the author 's biases and selective view of the evidence . If you read the entire retrial testimony rather than merely the few portions which are mentioned by the author , it quickly becomes clear that Sackville-West 's `` take '' on Joan is largely false . I would recommend Regine Pernoud 's books instead , many of which are sold on this site .
 I was not happy with product and returned the book . My edition was poorly printed and pages were out of order.It covered the basics and then quickly became very complicated . Music books can help a student but best used if one has an instructor.The intricacies of playing the tabla can not be understood just with a book . I would suggest a book with a CD or DVD.David Courtney 's other basic book is much better for the beginner .
 This is a first impression review . As the Preface says , the majority of this book consists of appendixes -LRB- over 150 pages -RRB-
 I wanted to learn tabla so I decided to pick up a book and try . The first few chapters seemed easy enough . Then , all of a sudden , the book went into intrigate details . It just did n't make any sense .
 If you are serious about pursuing Paganism or Wiccan , do n't get this book ! Just glance through the historical information -- it is n't accurate . Also , a Witch and a Wiccan are NOT the same thing and she expressly states that they are . I know quite a few secular witches and Raven Silverwolf does a very good job disregarding them completely.Please , if you are serious about your studies in Wicca or Paganism , do a little research and find a decent author .
 There are real meanings for the celebration of `` Halloween '' . Those who are looking for reality wo n't find it here . Try the search engines under Paganism or Wicca or Goddess Religions . You 'll find what you 're looking for there . This book is well let 's just say `` cutesy '' maybe and like a lot of others on this subject . If you like the author then read her book , this one is about as good as her others . If you want something more substantial and for the more mature crowd , then try Adler , Starhawk , Leek and the rest of the legitimate witches around . You 'll find them a bit more informative without the kiddy type appeal .
 Obviously the writer needs to do more research on Christianity , because I am a believer and I was highly offended by the authors lack of knowledge in the most basic Christ Followers beliefs!He or she wrote that the new testament is based primarily on Roman beliefs and that is not at all factual.Their are many other discrepancies present . I believe the author should talk about things that they understand and the author should have a better understanding of the subject matter .
 I have been impressed with the general series on the Sabbats by Llewellyn , but this was awful . It was n't written for Pagans . It was written to fit that marketing niche that witches get around Halloween . I was looking for a thoughful book for Wiccans on an important Sabbat , which this is not . Two pages of the book address ritual . There are tons of party recipes and silly love potions .
 Debates and opinions of other people 's reviews are not the point of these review forms so I wo n't even go there . To each his/her own , as I always say.The book ? Well I found it to be much the same as any other about the subject and so I would say it just depends on which authors writing style one enjoys . I have read Raymond Buckland and his wife Tara Buckland books and this authors and I find for myself that they are all pretty much the same , in content and sell . So , depending on whether I enjoy the childish type of reading or the more academic books , is which book I buy at the time.I do feel that one of the problems with many of these types of books is that writers too often use names other than their own , therefore confusing readers as to which author they really are and trying to establish some type of mystic aura around themselves which leads the more scholarly readers finding them inadequate.For the most part I remember little magic books when I was a child and as I grew to adulthood I told many of those same stories to my own children.Another problem I found with these books is the offense taken by some in the witch community . Stepping on beliefs of others is inevitable and an easy thing to do I guess when it comes to myths and religions .
 Huzzah for the reader from the US for calling it like it is . As a Pagan and an owner of a metaphysical bookstore , I have read a considerable amount of books on Paganism and Witchcraft . To tell you the truth Ravenwolf is just the kind of author the the movement does n't need . Save your money for something with a little more seriousness . Try the Farrar 's or Cunningham 's earlier work .
 I give a one to the writer because they know how to capitalize on their own magical economical development . Amusing . Keep going , there are still new people falling off the tomato truck every day .
 Really if it 's not even published why is it here ? Hopefully it will not be published . Other works you have attempted to write and call ` books ' are filled with such foolishness about the Craft that it is impossible for anyone to know what you as a writer are trying to establish in the literary field . It is obvious you have many names and many beliefs which have shown as contradictions to one another throughout your books . Even many of the young people are picking up on it . But some of the youth are much more aware and not as gullble as adults in the Pagan world . But I do n't have to tell you that . Otherwise you would n't bother to publish this book `` Costumes , Receipes and Spells '' Is it your contention to insist that all this is what the holiday Pagans celebrate is connected with . Oh , Silver your truths are beginning to come out , do n't you think ? What goes round , comes round and it comes round in multiples .
 There are real meanings for the celebration of `` Halloween '' . Those who are looking for reality wo n't find it here . Try the search engines under Paganism or Wicca or Goddess Religions . You 'll find what you 're looking for there . This book is well let 's just say `` cutesy '' maybe and like a lot of others on this subject . If you like the author then read her book , this one is about as good as her others . If you want something more substantial and for the more mature crowd , then try Adler , Starhawk , Leek and the rest of the legitimate witches around . You 'll find them a bit more informative without the kiddy type appeal .
 Uh , is this book even on the market yet ? When did it come out ? If it is it sure is strange because so far I have n't found it in stores anywhere . Anyone got correct info here ?
 There are real meanings for the celebration of `` Halloween '' . Those who are looking for reality wo n't find it here . Try the search engines under Paganism or Wicca or Goddess Religions . You 'll find what you 're looking for there . This book is well let 's just say `` cutesy '' maybe and like a lot of others on this subject . If you like the author then read her book , this one is about as good as her others . If you want something more substantial and for the more mature crowd , then try Adler , Starhawk , Leek and the rest of the legitimate witches around . You 'll find them a bit more informative without the kiddy type appeal .
 Surprisingly , there are n't a lot of books written on Samhain in comparison to the other sabbats . So , I was pretty excited when I found this book . I am always eager for books with recipes , as well , since I am a failure cook unless I have a recipe to follow.I hate to leave a bad review for such a well-loved book , but I was honestly infuriated that I had spent money on this shlock of fluff . First of all , the `` Mama-Silver-as-a-tour-guide '' theme of this book disgusts me -- it is really unnessesary and only takes away from the book . I mean , is she SERIOUS in trying to sell this book to adults ? Nowhere on this book does it say `` especially for kids '' . We do n't need to be taught in a cheesy tour-guide voice in order to understand the history of halloween . Period.The history of Halloween described in the beggining is rambly , fluffy , and overall poorly written . I got bored of it quickly , and skipped over some parts of it because I just could not stand it any longer . After that , I was still hopeful that the spells and recipes would n't be so bad.Alas , I was disappointed with those sections as well . The spells I ca n't say too much about , they are no better than any you can find in other wiccan books . The recipes are extremely disappointing , as Most of them are just different versions of the same thing -LRB- i.e. several different kinds of punch , two different kinds of apples ... -RRB- . Quite a few of them hardly even have anything to DO with Samhain traditionally , other than the fact that they contain pumpkin . Popcorn balls ? Donuts ? Corn on the cob ? These are all things that one eats at pretty much any time of the year , and have nothing to do with Samhain . I wanted real recipes that I could serve at a Samhain celebration , not little in-the-kitchen projects that are supposed to be ` fun for the whole family ' or whatever.If you ca n't find another book about Samhain , try `` The Wheel of the Year '' by Pauline Campanelli instead of this title . Ravenwolf 's `` Halloween
 The book is separated into 7 chapters , covering a pretty impressive variety of Halloween lore , beleifs and activities.The first 3 chapters explore the history of halloween , the customs surrounding it , and the superstitions associated with it . These chapters are interesting , but show a slant toward the mainstream halloween more than the pagan holiday of Samhain . Many parts of this are highly speculative as she tries to associate just about every piece of history with witchcraft . The history in these chapters may not be completely reliable , but it 's a fairly interesting read.Chapter four is all about divinations . This chapter somehow manages to find a bizarre balance between taking divination seriously and writing it off as a bunch of party games . The only method she goes into any great detail on is casting runes , and actually suggests making them out of pumkin seeds . This is also a chapter where she spends alot of time dwelling on apples . She has alot to say about apples in this book . More than pumpkins . There was one think about this chapter that bothered me , mostly because it seemed to have either have been written out of ignorance , or to avoid offending a certain minority of people . It was in regards to communicating with the dead
 If you 're looking for a serious book for adults about the origins of Halloween/Samhain and some grown-up rituals and actual spirituality , this is not the book for you . If you 're looking for some fun Samhain activities to do with your family , the book is ok . My 4-year-old son enjoyed making corn husk dollies with his father and me , though to be honest , we had mostly searched online for how to make them ... but the book gave me the idea . The rituals are very ... hokey . If you 're a novice to Wicca , you might like them , but if you 're looking for a way to connect spiritually with the sabbat -LRB- whether you 're a novice or not -RRB- , I 'd look elsewhere . Unfortunately , no group Samhain rituals were included -LRB- except a funeral ritual from her coven , but it 's not a Samhain ritual -RRB- . So even though I think this book is geared more toward people with younger children , there 's only solitary rituals available . Which , not surprisingly since this is Ravenwolf , is probably meant to be aimed at teens.Positives
 I would n't recommend it . Pick a topic . Insert &#34; but then the Christians ... &#34; . Repeat . The author us ckear that there is not a lot of source material to support his position . So ultimately it is a work of historical fiction .
 This is a farce and dishonor to Halloween . Part of it are true , but then it seems like it gets dipped in a sugary mess . Only good thing is it was a free book .
 The quality of the printing in this book is terrible . I can barely read it and can not tell anything from the pictures . I am also disappointed because Amazon does not offer the chance to read some of the pages to see what a book has . I want a book about trees that gives details about the trees and their characteristics , so that I can pick the trees for my situation .
 As the band `` Killing Joke '' sings , `` Alan Moore knows the score '' -- but as much as I love comic books , and appreciate Mr. Moore , I was disappointed with this purchase.It 's a comic book format reprint of an article by Moore about comic books from 2004 or such.Not that Moore is n't the best of the best of writers , but this is not `` a book '' and this is not something written for fans or wannabe writers to gain tremendous insight into writing comic books from Alan Moore 's perspective.Instead , it 's a clumsy attempt to score some sales based on Moore 's name and legacy , by merely reprinting and repackaging an interesting article.Even with current comic book prices being what they are , I 'd rather buy two comic books than this one .
 I would recommend the Peter David book or the Denny O'Neil DC Comics Guide To Writing before this one . It is priced right however . Not bad , but there are better options out there .
 i 'm a fan of Alan Moore , I just love his plots , but this booklet is clearly NOT intended for you to learn anything about script writing or anything , it 's really just an interview of the author . Do n't expect to learn anything about it . However , if you are a fan of Alan Moore , then you will surely enjoy reading it , but not a lot ...
 I wanted more of a `` how to book '' on comic writing , concerning breaking in , making contacts , etc. . Too much drawing plot comparisons and witty talk . It 's a small enough book to skim through and I did n't find what I was looking for . Maybe it helps out the aleady established comic writer ? But for those of us who have yet to make it . Nah .
 My great-great grandfather wrote this book before he become a Christian . At the time he was involved with a cult that frequently used transendentalist meditation . Everything he wrote , he clamied to have seen on other planets . After he became a Christian he rennonced the cult , the book and everything involved with it . I can not recommend this book to anyone especially after the author clamied he made it all up and did everything in his power to get the book out of print .
 I ordered this and was disappointed to find that it was like Cliff 's Notes . It 's virtually useless unless you already have a copy of Justin 's writings -LRB- and who does ? -RRB- . I suppose for six bucks I should n't complain.Would it really have killed them to provide some extra pages of his writings , in keeping with the ambiguous title ? Say , twenty or thirty pages . It 's not like they 're copyrighted by the author 's estate . Heck , I can probably grab an English translation of Justin off the web for free . Hey wait a minute , why did n't I think of that before buying this thing ?
 This was a dissappointment . The name of the book is The Writings of Justin Martyr . It needs to be titled Writings on the Writings of Justin Martyr . Its a commentary on his writings , not the writings of Justin .
 Compared with other current GRE reference books -LRB- ETS powerprep
 Do not buy this book ! I repeat , do not buy this book ! I just took the GRE yesterday , and I did score good on the Math and Analytical sections , but when it came to the Verbal , FORGET IT ! How can one person score in the 600 's in two sections , then turn around get a 350 on the verbal . I studied for around 2 months , and safe to say I was very disappointed in my scores . I feel I am starting all over again , since I am going to buy a different book this time -LRB- GRE for dummies sounds very promising -RRB- . Also there were so many typos , that I could n't believe that this book was not better profread . No offense , but this an extremly important test , decides whether or not you even go to Grad School , so you would figure being so `` Helpful , '' they would at least have the decency to make sure all information was correct ! So I am disappointed , and do n't have $ 100 dollars to waste on a test I have to take again , and hopefully the next time I am giving a review , I can give a positive review !
 On the basis of the first review above , and a letter from Amazon , I bought this book thinking it had a cd version of the test . Mine , at least , did not have any software . I live overseas and am stuck with it -LRB- it took a month to arrive -RRB- but do n't buy this book if you are looking for practice . They also have a few details wrong about how the test operates -LRB- exiting the section does not cancel your score -RRB-
 The contents of the book seem adequate but the included software is very buggy on Windows 95 .
 Predictably lame entry in the werewolf genre , similar to a B movie flick a la The Howling . The scares are few and far between after you 've seen Howling V.
 Kemetic parents -- please read this book BEFORE allowing your children to read , or at least browse through the excerpts before purchasing.I would not recommend this to anyone following any semblance of a traditional , reconstructionist or orthodox based Kemetic faith . I ca n't judge some of the other tales in the book , but the Egyptian ones are just presented badly . It sanitizes the myths until they 're almost unrecognizable -LRB- not unlike some works by early ` translators ' who were eager to draw more comparisons between Aser/Osiris and Jesus and simply made things up because it was convenient -RRB- . For example , it 's completely missing the part where Aser gets drunk and forces himself on Nebthet OR Nebthet seduces him and Aser does not tell her to `` no , leave '' as any righteous person would -LRB- depending on which version you read -RRB- , thus bringing about his death at Setekh 's hands . Ra approves of this , Setekh is one of Ra 's bravest and most loyal retainers after all , and wishes no action taken against Setekh when Aset demands he be punished for what he 's done . What Ra did not approve of was Setekh later harrying Heru-Sa-Aset for his father 's misbehavior . Then he steps in and commands that Setekh be punished for his wrath against the innocent boy , who had committed no isfet . True these brothers were n't on the best of terms anyway , but to say it was simple lust for power that drove Setekh to want kingship rather than some perceived failure on the part of his brother is missing the point . If you read `` God of Confusion '' by Te Velde , one of the premier scholarly books on the nature of Setekh in Egyptian myth , it mentions that Aser had * unforgivably wronged * Setekh . It also affirms that Setekh hates evil and punishes the wicked . -LRB- In his form as Shezmu , companion of Khonsu as Khemmu , he actually cuts up the souls of the wicked and presses them in his winepress to paint the sunset sky and make the fiery wine enjoyed by righteous souls . -RRB- If this odd embellishment with the `` Nile '' -LRB- which I 've never encountered and I 've been at this a long , long time -RRB- is referring instead to Nebthet in her form as Anuket - a Nile Goddess - then I would have to say it 's pretty terrible to depict drunken rape -LRB- or at least adultery -RRB- in terms of helping a garden for Aser 's wife . Also , Aset is the dread mastress of heka , the one who shoots flames from her eyes and whom scorpions serve , a shape-shifting trickster Goddess who even made Ra dance to her tune eventually -LRB- by poisoning then lying to him , no less -RRB- . Aset is the seat of power . She is awe-inspiring . This book fails to communicate that or the other important natures of the characters on any level -- child or adult . Instead Setekh is treated like a cartoon villain to Aser 's prince charming while Aset is so squeaky clean it 's disturbing and Nebthet is nearly invisible.Also , diverting the Nile wholescale flies in the face of the 42 Laws of Ma&aacute;t . It 's part of the law against misuse of the natural world and mentioned by name . Those are a bit like the ten commandments for Kemetics -- so , essentially , the author had Aser break one our commandments with a smile -- and he 's not even punished for that part and Aset is actually complicit in it and there 's ` rejoicing ' from the people . That 's just sloppy research.What worries me most is that children will read this and later be confused if they come across the actual tales . The original myth gives the ideas that even great , loving , wonderful people can fail -LRB- especially if drink is involved -RRB- ; good people can have terrible things happen to them for no reason -LRB- or have a momentary selfish lapse in judgment -RRB- ; and that in the end everyone suffers -LRB- the whole universe , in fact -RRB- until the wounds inflicted are dressed appropriately and people are able to make peace and restore Ma&aacute;t . It also makes the point that no one should ever punish to excess . This is all set against the story of the death of the physical body and the life of the eternal one , glorified and in union with the Divine . It 's an important story on all of its levels and to see it reduced to this ... ugh.This could have been done well but it 's not . It has nothing to do with ` glossing over for audience ' and everything to do with the author not ` getting ' the meaning of the stories being told .
 I started reading Alexander Kent 's Bolitho novels because I had exhausted Forester 's and O'Brian 's respective series , and in doing so I had developed a strong appetite for age of sail fiction . Kent 's series , by comparison to the former two , is sadly lacking.The Bolitho series is a serial in the literal sense . This is the ninth novel I have read , and so far they have all followed the same general boilerplate plot . In some of these novels , even the sub-plots repeat themselves
 This book stinks the pictures are horrible I donated it to te libary . It stinks
 The single star is not for the work of the author but the way amazon has filed the kindle edition of a different book under this title.I downloaded the kindle edition of this work , and it has different content to the descriptions in other reviews for the print edition . What I guess is the matter is that there is a volume Paycheck and Other Classic Stories which is the first of the 5 volume collected short stories , containing early career work , -LRB- as per an earlier review -RRB- that has not been made up for kindle , and another entitled Paycheck which is made up for kindle but appears to be shorter and contain later stories as well.I suggest checking the Philip k Dick website to check what should be in this volume . Note that on amazon that when you click on the look inside feature for the print edition of Paycheck and Other Classic Stories there is a disclaimer that what you see is the inside of the kindle edition.The contents page is very different to what is on the Philip K Dick website .
 This collection was previously released as `` The Short Happy Life Of The Brown Oxford '' ISBN 0806511532 . Do n't be fooled by the new cover and title . It 's being reissued under the title of the movie starring Ben Affleck and Uma Thurman . You probably already have the collection if you 're a PKD fan . The 1 star rating is for the cheap attempt to get my money a second time .
 Sorry , I just could not get into this book . It was to slow for me . I prefer something with a little more action . Not all books are for everyone and that is just my opion .
 This book was a huge disappointment . Sure , it lists prices for thousands of autographs , but the `` facsimiles '' section is a joke . I highly doubt anyone is losing sleep wondering if their `` Peggy Moran '' , `` Bill Withers '' or `` Marjorie Ann Kent '' -LRB- who ? -RRB- signatures are authentic or not , yet space is wasted with these names , while more famous , more collectable ones -LRB- Garland , Astaire , etc. -RRB- are left out . And to top it off , some of these examples are captioned with glaring typos
 This review is NOT about the book which deserves all the 5-star reviews it has garnered , but is about the unconscionable greedy price-gouging by the publisher.HarperCollins publishes a paperback version of this book for $ 7.95 , a fair price , but they have the unmitigated gall to charge $ 13.77 for a Kindle ebook version , that has no paper cost , no ink or typesetting costs !! I had loaned my paperback version and it was not returned , so I was looking for a Kindle version , but I 'll be damned if I 'm going to pay almost twice as much for an ebook as for a paperback !
 This book is typical of its genre . It relies heavily on Snorre Sturlusson 's `` Prose Edda '' , which is one of the clearest sources on Nordic Mythology , it must also be kept in mind that Snorre was writing several hundred years post Heathen and was also highly influenced by classical forms of Mythological models . In short , Snorre 's work reads like Greek myth with Nordic characters . Not to mention that he was not writing a handbook on Heathen belief , he was writing a handbook on poetry , particularly skaldic metric form and added the myth parts for reference . Snorre 's work is useful as a secondary reference at best , and if Snorre got it wrong , and a book -LRB- this one -RRB- is based on Snorres works ... . well ... you get the picture .
 I would never recommend to anyone not to read a book , but I must agree with the reviewer from New York that this novel has a lot to be desired . As a novel , it lacks imagination , and as history , it lacks authenticity . And Mr. Mills is n't quite sure what he wants his book to be , for he adds Editor 's Notes to the end of chapters , something you do n't see in novels . There was promise here , but it falls terribly short.Pilate simply is not believable . Here he is a gentle man , loving husband , and not the ruthless and cruel governor Philo tells us he was . He knows more about Judaism that most Jews , and at one point in Chapter 8 he even begins to interpret Jewish Law!I would suggest that the best audience for this book would be anyone under the age of 12 in Bible School . It is short , only 224 pages and small -LRB- the size of two cigarette packs side by side , but not as thick -RRB- . It is easy to read -LRB- two nights at most -RRB- and may add some knowledge of Judaism to a Christian Bible study . But taken as a whole , it was very disappointing .
 Historical novels are , by definition , not historically accurate , and James R. Mills 's `` Memoirs of Pontius Pilate '' goes a long way toward proving that fact . This is an awful historical novel , one of the worst I 've read.To begin with , Pilate is painted as a modern man , and not a citizen of Rome in the first century C.E. . This Pilate sounds like a contemporary bible scholar , not a professional soldier and governor . His knowledge of Jewish history is remarkable . Beginning with Moses , Pilate writes with some authority about David , the Assyrian and Babylonian exiles , Israel 's commissioning as a Holy nation , and Jewish laws regarding ritual cleanliness and food purity . He knows the history of the Greek occupation , the atrocities committed by Antiochus Epiphanes , and the Maccabean revolt . He knows several arcane rites of Judaism , as well as prayers and prophecies . He knows the writings of Hillel , and he doubts the existence of his own gods more than he doubts the existence of YHWH , the God of Israel . This Pilate also knows about the Christ from the beginning of Jesus ' ministry , and undertakes great pains to document it . He begins by `` reproducing '' a letter he received from Caiaphas recounting Jesus ' birth . He quotes Hebrew Scripture , recounting and reconciling many of the prophecies regarding Messiah . This is a complex and thouroughly modern man . But his knowledge of things Jewish is not the only aspect of this Pilate that does n't seem quite right . His personality is off as well . Here , Pilate is depicted as being a compassionate and benevolent governor , rather than the cruel and rigid man history knows him to have been . His insistence in the innocence of Jesus is overstated , as if Mills himself , much like the author of the Gospel according to John , an obvious source for this book , were worried that the wrath of Rome would somehow come down upon his head . And while recollecting the trial of Christ , Pilate shows his own prophetic nature in addition to his compassion . When one member of the assembled mob calling for crucifixion yells out `` May his blood be on us , and on our children ! '' Pilate muses that '' -LSB- I -RSB- f Christianity should somehow endure , I am afraid that shout may result in grief for a lot of Jews . '' Prophecy , as well as concern . This , coming from the man who hosted gladatorial `` games '' , ordered the slaughter of Samaritans , and authorized the crucifixion of unknown numbers of prisoners just somehow does not ring true.Finally , Pilate 's proximity to events in the story seems strained and false . From his sending spies to Galilee , to his walking behind Christ on the way to Golgotha , to his personal witness of the crucifixion , this Pilate 's actions just do n't jive with those of the man history tells us he was . If you are interested in a realistic portrait of Pilate , I heartily recommend that you skip this book , and instead , read Ann Wroe 's well-written and thought-provoking biography , `` Pontius Pilate . '' In it , she explores the personality of the man as he was , and as he has been portrayed through the past 2,000 years . Wroe does a much better job of synthesizing history , myth and legend than Mills does of creating an historic anomaly who is not recognizable as the Pilate of history , myth , or legend . Better still , read the Gospel of John as it is written , rather than through the filter of a fictionalized , modernized , and thoroughly unbelievable Pilate .
 After reading the scathing review from the New York contributor - - I really wanted to like this book . Particularly after reading the heartfelt orgin -LRB- s -RRB- of the book that the author shared in the review he had submitted.I could n't bring myself to it once I began reading it.Within a dozen pages I had lost interest and was appalled that I had bought this book . I felt that the narrative was both inaccurate and semantically anachronistic . The significance of events were presented with more `` importance '' than they had at the time ; Christ 's arrival in Jerusalem , and the subsequent chain of events at that Passover , was not the defining moment of the time . It was not the `` JFK assassination '' like event that was burned into everyone 's mind . This is implied . Further - word/concepts are presented - by Pontius Pilate - that appear to be coming , conceptually , at least a 1000 - 1500 years too early . It would be like reading a novel about Abraham Lincoln - and having him say , '' that 's a cool idea . '' This was very distracting.In general this was not successfully written from the perspective of a powerful 1st century Roman citizen/official - but from that of a devout 20th century Christian - who had excellent idea and good intent - but who did n't know how to get into the head and heart of his intended subject . -LRB- For a wonderful example of a successful attempt to step back in time a millennium or two see Memoirs Of Hadrian by M. Yourcenar . Different subject ; roughly the same era . -RRB- All-and-all , very disappointing . Dreadfull .
 After reading the scathing review from the New York contributor - - I really wanted to like this book . Particularly after reading the heartfelt orgin -LRB- s -RRB- of the book that the author shared in the review he had submitted.I could n't bring myself to it once I began reading it.Within a dozen pages I had lost interest and was appalled that I had bought this book . I felt that the narrative was both inaccurate and semantically anachronistic . The significance of events were presented with more `` importance '' than they had at the time ; Christ 's arrival in Jerusalem , and the subsequent chain of events at that Passover , was not the defining moment of the time . It was not the `` JFK assassination '' like event that was burned into everyone 's mind . This is implied . Further - word/concepts are presented - by Pontius Pilate - that appear to be coming , conceptually , at least a 1000 - 1500 years too early . It would be like reading a novel about Abraham Lincoln - and having him say , '' that 's a cool idea . '' This was very distracting.In general this was not successfully written from the perspective of a powerful 1st century Roman citizen/official - but from that of a devout 20th century Christian - who had excellent idea and good intent - but who did n't know how to get into the head and heart of his intended subject . -LRB- For a wonderful example of a successful attempt to step back in time a millennium or two see Memoirs Of Hadrian by M. Yourcenar . Different subject ; roughly the same era . -RRB- All-and-all , very disappointing . Awful .
 I made three recipes in this book before giving up in frustration . If the flavors were n't uninteresting and one-dimensional , the technique described was a failure . I much prefer Deborah Madison 's books , as well as Molly Katzen 's .
 This book is loaded with Global Warming `` bias '' ... example after example refer to the `` problem '' of CO2 `` air pollution '' , and only serve to single out the USA as some kind of international `` evildoer '' . Since when is the gas that humans -LRB- and all animals -RRB- exhale considered `` air pollution '' ?! Other than a missing section on `` Levels of Measurement '' -LRB- Nominal , Ordinal , Interval , Ratio -RRB- , the book seems to be alright in teaching Statistics - but , sheesh , lay off the Global Warming bias!CO2 emissions by the USA is NOT an issue in `` Global Warming '' ... how COULD it be ? CO2 plays such a small role in the makeup of the Earth 's atmosphere that any increase has no effect whatsoever on the Earth 's climate . Try as the book may to single out the USA -LRB- using BIASED STATISTICS ! -RRB- , in order to get young students to `` hate America '' , the wise reader can figure it out on their own that the USA 's overall role in worldwide `` CO2 emissions '' is negligible ... the author 's are suffering from some kind of self-loathing anti-American delusion . It is extremely odd . They really should retire , or change careers , if this delusion is too much for them to do their jobs .
 I was a little dissapointed with this purchase because it claims to be hardcover but in actuality it is three ring punched and individual pages . It is complete and in very good condition though . I would still consider purchasing from this agent since the prices are very low .
 We were the first class at Santa Monica College -LRB- SMC -RRB- to use this book -LRB- Fall 2010 -RRB- , and after the widespread complaints by both professors and students , SMC 's Math Department will be reverting to a different book next Fall -LRB- 2011 -RRB- . Though Alan Agresti is a renowned statistician , this unfortunately , did not translate into a good text for an introductory statistics course . It tries to reinvent the wheel by teaching statistics in a completely different layout which completely does away with the traditional sequence of topics . Unfortunately , it does this job so poorly , there is a complete disconnect between the topics . When I finished the course , I did not see the what the book was trying to do in linking the different topics of Hypothesis testing , regression analysis , Z-table , T-tables , etc. . It was only after consulting with a friend with a PhD in Statistics , and through his explanations which filled holes created by the book , was I able to truly appreciate statistics and understand that they connected , and built on each other conceptually and mathematically.Some good ideas are there . For instance , the book uses real world examples in their homework problems , such as smoking rates and relationships with cancer , relationship between study times and gpa for a particular university . . etc. . However , if the concepts are poorly explained themselves , this invalidates much of the usefulness of the problems in the first place.One of the worst offenses in this book not yet mentioned is the fact that the Test Bank , which your professor may use , seems to be written by a completely different author altogether . The problems on the test have a very different flavor ; key words were used differently on the test versus the book ! Half of the classes were either getting D 's or F 's across the board at SMC , for the professors using the test bank.Professors , schools , please make the wise choice and do NOT use this book for your courses !
 This book is horribly written , It does not provide enough detail or examples . It was not worth the purchase or the price .
 This textbook is wordy and never gives a direct explanation of how to do perform a concept which makes it difficult when trying to review or brush up on any fundamentals .
 My university requires this book so students have a point of reference if needed but all instruction and homework is done via department made handouts for good reason . This book book is terribly written with poor examples and exercises . Sample statistics and data sets attempt to convey more than mathematical comprehension but it just plays out as long winded and excessive . Also on a personal note while I consider myself a far left liberal I find the tone of this book similar to a preachy hippy , keep the math pure and teach me the fundamentals I require . Avoid at all costs .
 Purchased this item a month ago an still have n't recieved it ... . piss poor service ... strongly recommend to not buy from this seller
 I used this textbook years ago when I was in 3rd grade , and I recently found it again in the basement . It 's highly biased to the point of containing inaccurate information , and the content/topics the author chose to include -LRB- or chose not to include -RRB- is questionable as well . It 's as if the author wrote it from memory during a creative streak but could n't be bothered to check her sources . I used to be a big fan of those novel-like biographies for kids , which is what this book is reminiscent of , but calling this a history textbook is a whole ` nother story . Unfortunately , some -LRB- private -RRB- schools are still using this , including the one I went to when I was a kid in MA .
 I can easily understand how Steven Holzner manages to write so many books in so many diffent subjects . . he knows extremely little about them all , and is a master only at hiding the superficiality of his skills and knowledle.Take this book for example . Nice cover , cool title , great overall idea for a technical book
 This book is n't as fun to read as it might tell you . I try to work on a project and end up getting confused as to which class I 'm working on , or where everything fits together . It is n't easy to follow and it just glides through things nonchalantly , but does n't bother to give a finished product that I can find.I tried the beginners fish aquarium class , but could n't get too far because of formatting . Tried the slapshot game and got lost as to which class was which and which code went where . It 's great if you want something to sit on your shelf and look pretty , maybe for moderate reference , but not practical or easy enough to read . And this is coming from someone who has read many types of these books in the past .
 This is a very rudimentary book , with some outdated and unsubstantiated research . It also is weak in explaining some theoretical models .
 Unbelievably , this Christianist psychology textbook says that many mentally ill people are possessed by demons and need an exorcism . Enough said .
 This appears to be the hard cover -LRB- El Cheapo -RRB- edition of the ASV -LRB- 1901 -RRB- published by Star Publications in Ft Worth Texas . I think it sold new for something like $ 10 or less . You will probably be disappointed with the binding of this edition . The Leather cover edition sold for something under $ 100 , as I recall . It may now perhaps be found for $ 30 . The translation is 5 stars . This NOT the New American Standard Bible , with which it is often confused . The language of the ASV is archaic Elizabethan English , much the same as the KJV ; only the translation is improved and more literal . It is a Bible for the Bible student , the person who wants to know the literal meaning of the Greek and Hebrew ; not an easy-reading edition.The ASV is available as a free download on the internet , though you may find many errors in the downloaded editions.So far as I know , Star is the only remaining publisher of this classic translation . If you do n't read Greek & Hebrew , get yourself an ASV so at least you can check out proof texts . If the ASV does n't support it , question it . That is not to say that the ASV does not make a few translation errors itself . No translation work of man is perfect.For more info google on Star Publications .
 very unhappy with this bible , paper so thin hard to read as the lettering from the other side shows and interfers -RRB-
 As indicated on wikipedia.org and many other sources , the 1901/1929 ASV was the version used by the Jehovah 's Witnesses sect until they developed their own version which is a revision of the ASV . They continue to be the source for most of the ASV copies distributed today and support it due to its extensive use of the word `` Jehovah '' and its placement of many of the verses it finds problematic in the margin or footnotes rather than in the main text .
 HOW is one supposed to compare/contrast this item with competitors WITHOUT EVEN SEEING IT ? - do n't list a product until you can post a picture/series of pictures with that listing !
 I eagerly awaited the arrival of this book being a great fan of all Southern writings and writers . I especially enjoyed the wonderful It 's All Over But the Shoutin ' by Pulitzer Prize winner Rick Bragg.Let me say I have always admired Jimmy Carter ; he seems a man of virtue and honor . Unfortunately he ca n't write and someone should have told him . I found the book repetitive and monotonous and in need of an editor with the best organizational skills . Carter jumped from one subject to another continously without any hint of where he may be going .
 Why is it that ex-presidents make poor writers ? Is it that they have had to hide their feeing so long they are afraid to loosen up afterward because we might think less of them ? I was looking forward to reading about a boy growing up in Georgia while I was growing up in Iowa , but his writing is so stiff and lifeless that I quit halfway through .
 I 'm sure this was a great book , 8 years ago -LRB- i 'd give it 4 stars then -RRB- , but it 's taken me forever to get through the book when every other technique is a film-specific technique like `` duplicating slides '' , `` pushing film , or `` cross-processing '' , or is referring to specific cameras , film types , etc to get desired results . most of this can be done in photoshop with one dslr and a couple lenses.thankfully , i just saw that Frost has released a new version of this book specific to digital photography . i probably would n't buy it though . i hope i can sell this used .
 Perhaps 100 years ago , readers considered this to be a great book . However , today , the average reader will find it to be long-winded . The introduction is actually the first 5 chapters , at least . I gave up after chapter 5 .
 Tucker Hale
 This is an unbalanced view of the so-called AIDS epidemic in South Africa . Thabo Mbeki put his reputation on the line to challenge the AIDS orthodoxy . For his reactionary intransigence he is marked with pejorative epithets like denialist . He is vilified and demonized . He refuses to accept that the health of South Africans is declining because of their sexual behaviour , not poverty and underdevelopment . He opposes pushing toxic drugs on pregnant woman and their babies . This honest and hard working leader deserves recognition . There are fair and balanced books on the South African AIDS epidemic , this book is not among them.Errare humanum est sed diabolicum perseverare ...
 This book was a tad erudite for the average reader . A sampling of the words Fassin used that I looked up
 The text of this book is some eighty pages , which appear to be a very bare-bones summary of various theories of learning , often with charts inserted from other books , with very few examples or guidelines as to how one would actually implement any of those ideas . You really just get an academic summary of these ideas with virtually no context or elaboration . I would recommend you rather go directly to the work of the Israeli educationalist Feuerstein -LRB- see the book by Sharron and Coulter , Changing Children 's Minds -RRB- , and that of Stanley Greenspan -LRB- numerous books -RRB- , which seem to be the key works reflected in this all-too-brief book
 This book IS N'T out of print . An edition from Cambridge University Press is available on Amazon . This version contains dark scanned pages from a previously owned copy , replete with underlinings and scrawled marginal notes . I 'm not joking . I looked up the publishing company -LRB- Kessinger -RRB- , and it appears this kind of dodgy business is their schtick . The CUP version only costs a little more , and it 's , well , you know , a normal book.As far as Bradley 's thought is concerned . I 've only read the shorter appearance bit thus far , but if want to see metaphysics at its most unhinged , this is the book for you . I for one love it .
 This is very significant treatise on first principles . However the Kindle version is irritatingly sloppy . Poor format , poor transfer , - at times only the context of the scrambled `` word '' will reveal the actual word Bradley wrote . I hope my friends at Amazon will redo this text and notify those of us who purchaed it that a faithful copy is now available .
 This books began with all the bang and whistles of a great story . In fact , the story in its self is not to shabby , but every chapter following the first became increasingly predictable and when I gladly got to the end of the book the story had turned into the most cliched work of fiction I 'd ever encountered . Someone please inform this storyteller about `` Spell Check , '' and all the other grammer tools available theses days . The 2nd and 3rd act dropped the ball completely . The reader is able to pick out the exact movie where every inspiration for acts 2 & 3 was borrowed . And badly borrowed at that ! For all of us trying to find an Ethnic Storyteller to embrace ; this storyteller is not `` The One ! `` I strongly suggest you look elsewhere.For example ... `` LaErtes , The King of Horra/Thrilla ! ''
 As most writers grow older , their skills diminish . So with Enter the Milkman . A lot of the book is padding - each character repeating the same thing over and over again . MacLeod 's books are humorous mysteries and the humor is there but the mystery is not that taxing . Her earlier books are masterpieces , so get this one to fill out the set .
 I do n't like this book so far . I have n't read all of it , and if my opinion changes , i intend to post another review . But after reading Flowers in the Attic , I find it hard to fall in love with Olivia like I did Cathy or any other heroines . She just seemed so harsh in FITA , that it 's difficult to believe that this is the same grandmother
 I loved FLOWERS IN THE ATTIC . PETALS ON THE WIND was pretty good . When I read IF THERE BE THORNS it was okay . SEEDS OF YESTERDAY was pretty boring.But this book was shocking for somebody like me.Who really gives about what happened to the stupid granma . I got really bored reading about Catherine and Christopher and their little family , but I would n't have said anything bad about it.Then came this book . B-O-R-I-N-G . It makes girls and women sound soooooooo vulnerable to men . it 's scary to think that anyone can even think like that . `` Everything you do wrong takes you one step closer to hell '' is the message you get from this book.I definately would n't recommend this book to anyone .
 The beginnings of another tale of woe are spun with the same style and characteristic as previews books by Andrews . Whether it is the beginning or the end of her series it is all the same . The reader is taken back in time where it is discovered why the Olivia character , the grandmother from the sequel `` Flowers in the Attic '' is so mean and hateful . Learning about her past will allow readers the opportunity to either be sympathetic or loath Olivia just as we all did in the sequel . Andrew weaves a web of dreams , betrayal , loneliness , longing , rape , and incest . Lies are woven throughout this tale , so much so it is difficult to keep up . The story tells how Olivia marries Malcolm Foxworth , who is secretly obsessed in regards to his mother and her death . Olivia gives Malcolm two sons , Malcolm Jr. and Joel . Malcolm 's father Garland brings home a new very young bride Alicia , whom becomes pregnant by Malcolm Jr. who consistently rapes her . Olivia covers of this secret by stating that Alicia is leaving , but actually she is being kept in the attic . As a result the mysteries of the attic begin . Olivia pretends to be pregnant and once the baby arrives takes it as her own , thus giving Malcolm the daughter he always wanted . This is not a story for young readers . The rape and incest that are implied are offensive . For adult readers there has to be a certain level of comfort before reading . Andrews does stick to the same flow as her other books . This story really does not add much to enhance learning or shedding light on any of the other books in the series . Unless you are a big fan of Andrews series I would not recommend this book for any light reading . Adult fiction .
 This story was so bad that it was EMBARRASSING ! Olivia , the matriarch of the Dollanganger twins is featured in this tired prequel . Bitter and resentful over her lot in life , she marries an unloving man named Malcolm and has two sons.Irate over Malcolm 's adulterous ways , Olivia understandably resents Malcolm 's latest love interest , the lovely Alicia . She does n't take into consideration that Malcolm rapes Alicia and this act results in the birth of Alicia 's daughter , Corinne . Malcolm insists on naming his baby Corinne after his dead mother . During Alicia 's pregnancy , Olivia keeps her away from her son Chris -LRB- who would later , with Corinne , become the parents of the Dollanger 4 -RRB- locks her away in the attic -LRB- the attic again -RRB- ! Alicia is a fool for allowing Olivia to spirit Chris away and even more foolish for letting Olivia keep Corinne in that malignant household . Common sense does not enter into this story.This book is good fertilizer for the garden .
 Do n't get me wrong Spider Robinson is my favorite author but not even the warmth of Key West where this novel is set could warm me up to it.This is a valuable lesson . Sometimes we must give up our fictional friends . Jake and his friends seem tired and need to rest . They have entertained us but now I feel like a guest at a party that has overstayed his welcome . Everbody is going through the motions but I just do n't feel it.One of the things I really did n't like is Jake and his crew 's attitude of
 It 's not a total stinker , but boy , does this thing drag on , and on , and on , and on ... The move to Florida seems to take about 20 chapters or so , and Spider do n't really bother much with plot for the most part . It 's a meandering ramble of a book , and I do n't prefer that to the format these have taken before . It 's a whole lot of `` Oh , is n't Florida COOL ? '' That is what really drags this book down , not to mention makes it rather dull . I still like the characters , but they need more purpose than to wait around until the 1990 's . And as someone else put it , saving the world again is getting well , boring . Ca n't they do something else for a change ? Hell , take them off-planet for all I care , just do something different.I also really was n't fond of the new omnipotent characters . This universe may be farfetched , but -LRB- a -RRB- the wishful thinking of bringing Nikola Tesla back from the dead , and -LRB- b -RRB- Erin , the genius toddler who 's already handing out numbers for sex partners -LRB- EW ... I can not BELIEVE he went there -RRB- and goes up in a shuttle went way beyond `` credibility '' , if you know what I mean . I would n't mind if Erin met a horrible death . And I wish that Spider had made up his own genius inventor instead of resurrecting an old one so he could make him hip and cool as opposed to incredibly neurotic.I got ta say that I wish I had n't paid hardback price for this , but had borrowed a paperback in the library . Unless Spider takes a drastic turn from where he 's meandered the characters to in this one , this series sadly needs to be put to bed . I just read Lady Slings The Booze and am feeling homesick for how things used to be .
 I 've been reading Spider since my first-edition copy of Antinomy 20 years ago -LRB- which I still have -RRB- . This book was , in a word
 And really , I only managed that because I was listening to it on tape in the car . Boy was this excruciating . And I say that as a fan of the earlier Callahan stories . Sure , they are a bit dated , but they generally hold up . I would never have borrowed this from the library if I had not liked Robinson 's earlier work.There is exactly one episode of drama in the entire book , and it happens in a span of about 1 page . Without giving it away , let 's just say that a character is in apparent danger . The tension mounts for , oh , all of a few paragraphs before Robinson reminds us that all of his characters are invulnerable . Then the episode is over . That 's it . There is never again a moment with even the most remote amount of tension in the remaining many , many pages.Safe from any drama-induced high blood pressure , here are some observations on the dubious treats in store for a reader in the rest of the book :1 -RRB- We get it . People need to go to the bathroom when they get up in the morning . This story of the Callahan `` gang '' moving to Key West reminds us of this human frailty on multiple occasions . Thanks , Spi . I do n't know where I would turn for verisimilitude without those extended musings on Jake looking for the potty in the morning .2 -RRB- We get the world 's Second Most Lazily Written Fictional Character -LRB- as well as one of its most annoying -RRB- . Erin , the super genius , invulnerable toddler with the `` I 'm so hip I have trouble seeing over my own pelvis '' precocious sexuality . As many reviewers have pointed out , if it is wrong to wish for the grisly , painful death of this particular character , I do n't want to be right.But wait , there 's more ... 3 -RRB- We get the Single Most Lazily Written Character in the history of fiction , a man called simply `` The Lucky Duck '' , around whom lucky things just `` happen '' . Having trouble thinking of a way out of a plot twist ? No problem ! Enter the Lucky Duck . No exposition , no science , no THINKING involved . The Duck 's here . Things with work out fine . No effort as a writer required .4 -RRB- This does n't even touch on the Honorable Mention Lazy Character of modernized , time-traveling , reality bending Nicolai Tesla .5 -RRB- While neither confirming nor denying any personal youthful indiscretion , this reviewer willing to stipulate , for the purpose of this review only , that getting stoned can be fun . Possibly really fun . That said , _ reading _ about fictional characters getting repeatedly stoned is boring . Really , really boring . One wonders about the chronic use of the hallucinogen in question and its effect on an author 's creative process . Oh yes , one does indeed wonder .6 -RRB- Finally -LRB- although , much like this book , I could go on and on -RRB- I just have to say it
 Let 's face it
 It 's just too bad ... so sad to see the talents of a fine writer decline and fade . One or two Callahans books back I began to have an uneasy feeling that I was watching a dizney movie for adults , now I 'm sure . The gushing about Disneyworld in this one is enough to make you gag , I 've been there three times , each a decade apart and outside of new formica nuthin ' changes ... even EPCOT is still based on 60 's technology . Why did n't Spider see that ?? Pitching a deal maybe?Nevermind that Jake is becoming the yuppie that he professes to hate , throwing money at every problem ... nevermind that in all the books they never got out of the late seventies 'til this one and this one cruises through decades in mere pages after once again saving the world , -LSB- as James T. Kirk once might have said , `` why is it always us ?? '' -RSB- , in the last chapters ... Nevermind all that . . What grates me are two things ... One , yet another hype of the keys which really DO N'T need anymore people thank you Spider , and Two , that in the entire thing he and gang slide through a world devoid of anyone between the ages of Jakes ' Infant Savant daughter and middle life . Not so much as a gas station kid , a resturant waitress , or a child of the horde in those uncomfortable ages . . As I said above , no gifts from me on this one , I hope it 's the last . . we all have to grow up sometime , maybe Spider will find another story to tell , finally . He 's capable of MUCH better than this .
 I have loved Callahan books.I have loved almost everything by Spider Robinson before this book.I had great expectations before I started to read this one . Sadly I had to be very disappointed . It seems Spider had material for a short story , and got a contract for a novel . Never have I encountered such amount of padding in any book before . There literary pages and pages of pure , unadulterated padding . There are paragraphs full of names , which are repeated a few pages later . There are sidetracks in the story which lead nowhere , and have no relation with the main plot of the story , and have practically no entertainment value at all.This might have been a fine short story , but this is a horrible novel .
 Spider Robinson can be a good writer . Maybe even a great writer . I discovered and loved his writing in the 70 's & even early 80 's . Unfortunately , rather than evolve his talent or even maintain it , he just regurgitates -LRB- badly written -RRB- Heinlein . Robinson can not seem to control his need to ` tell ' us via long , boring , smug and repitious monologues rather than ` show ' us via discription , plot and characterization . I can still read Heinlein and enjoy what he does well and tolerate his periodic pomposity and sermonizing . He 's that good . Can not do so with Robinson . It just bothers me so much - his hero-worshipping has overshadowed his originality . And he 's got -LRB- or at least had -RRB- so much more in the past . Maybe , as another reviewer suggested , his frequent references to getting stoned are biographical and terminal and he 's gotten lazy/complacent/delusional . Callahan 's Key is no exception to Robinson 's continued downward trajectory . I wo n't go into specifics except to say that the sexually aware small child and just about everyone who pants in anticipation of screwing her are particulary creepy and yet tedious.Every so often I 'll pick up one of his books and hope for better . Still hoping .
 This is the first Spider Robinson I have tried to read . I 'll take other 's word for it that previous books were better . This one is smug , self-indulgent and boring . I kept waiting for them to save the universe and then skimmed through it because it was too silly . I like weird people but these were not interesting . The parrot was a stupid plot device , the baby is creepy -LRB- but that dancing baby always creeped me out , too -RRB- , but I liked being reminded of Pixel . I kept picturing Hans Conried when we saw Nikola Tesla and I do n't think that was the image we were supposed to get . I short , I did n't finish it . I should have checked these reviews before I bought it .
 I am a HUGE fan of Spider Robinson , but this excursion strained my fanhood beyond belief . The first three Callahan 's books -LRB- collections of short stories -RRB- were witty , compelling , and worth re-reading . The rest , such as The Callahan Touch and Callahan 's Key -LRB- Callahan 's Lady and Lady Slings the Booze are exempted -RRB- were masturbatory crap . Mr. Robinson has forgotten the lessons he learned at the master 's knee -LRB- that would be Heinlein -RRB- and engaged in a witless journey to the Florida Keys -LRB- albeit a location that deserves attention -RRB- that promotes purposeless drug use and fornication with minors -LRB- granted , super-genius minors -RRB- . Mr. Robinson , I loved both you and Heinlein . But Heinlein knew how far was too far . A man traveling 2000 years into the past to court his mother was plausible . A toddler propositioning her father is not . And frankly , people who smoke dope are just not that amusing , unless you are interested in debating the relative merits of various brands of potato chip . You are in a select in-group that is composed of intelligent people -- do n't make the rest of us feel stupid by peppering your books with references to other readers , writers , musicians , etc. , without explaining them . Heinlein educated us , you just flaunt your `` superior '' knowledge . I have an IQ of 163 , but your tangents left me clueless as Heinlein 's never did . I think you need to go back to the rules you had to follow when writing the short stories . And guess what -- you ca n't make the world more accepting of sex by creating a toddler with a foul mouth .
 First , there is nothing new in this book . Everything he says here he has said in the earlier books . Second , there is very little in the way of plot or character development . You are halfway through the book before the threat to the universe is even described . All the characters are almost cameo reprives of previous performances . Except the new characters who are introduced and then promptly droped from the narrative . Third , the few more or less new notes are nearly all obvious reworkings from other writers . The eighteen month old hyperprecocious girl who knows the size of her father 's erect penis and has started a waiting list of partners for when she begins having sex just reeks of the Lazarus Long style of deliberately shocking sexuality . Based on this book I would say Spider Robinson has become a tired old man .
 This is the first book by Spider Robinson I 've tried to read . Tried . I could n't try hard enough to get past the incessant cleverness of the dialog and characters . The phrase `` too clever by half '' does n't cover it .
 I loved the Callahan series . In fact , I love most of what Spider Robinson has written , but this book is boring , self-serving and exists only to help him pay for his latest vacation.I gave this book every chance I could . I would think `` this is boring '' , but because it was Spider , I read on . I would think `` what a stupid plotline '' , but because it was Spider , I read on . I would think `` this book is going nowhere ! '' , but because it was Spider , I read on.Two chapters from the end , the book attempts a plot twist . At that point I thought , `` You know what , I do n't care . '' , and I closed the book.I never slam a book without offering an alternative . If you want to read an excellent book , try Amy Thomson 's `` The Color of Distance '' instead . Leave this one on the book store shelf .
 One of the most one-sided , uninspired books I have ever read . Trashes American industry and government at every opportunity while Europeans can do no wrong . The lack of proofreading undermines what little factual information is contained such as confusing Lockheed for McDonnell Douglas . Numerous typos further show a lack of attention such as misspelling the term `` CEO '' -LRB- no joke -RRB- - AND THIS IS THE SECOND EDITION ! Save your money and download a mix of Airbus press releases - at least they may contain a picture or two to distract from the propaganda .
 I got this book hoping to learn more about the Sidhe . It was pretty much a bust in that respect . What this book does n't really come out and tell you is that the whole thing is a series of channeled messages . The key is a design that is a modified spiral , a shape that is known to be able to produce altered states of consciousness . So my question becomes is he talking to one of the Sidhe , to a figment of his own imagination , or something else entirely ? My guess is one of the latter 2 , because at one point the Sidhe flatly tells him that there is no god , God , or gods , when Celtic myth plainly depicts the Sidhe as what became of the Tuatha de Danaan , when they were forced `` underground '' by the Milesians , and the Tuatha de DID have one or more deities.I never bothered to finish reading it after that .
 I was underwhelmed . It may be that Matthews tuned into a sidhe , but his personal writing lacked gravitas for me , and what the sidhe had to say was way too general . I must have expected some fire , incisive thinking . At the very least a rip-roaring good yarn .
 Mr. Matthews is an Arthurian and Celtic mythology scholar , and this book reads like true reportage . I was totally prepared to believe this was a legitimate interdimensional experience and would have given it 5 stars , but for an unfortunate discovery.I was intrigued enough to purchase another book by Mr. Matthews , `` The Secret Lives of Elves and Fairies '' . This is purported to be the transcript of the true private journal of Rev. Robert Kirk , a 17th century Scottish minister who claims to have visited the lands of Faerie many times . -LRB- Rev. Kirk did exist and his work is considered to be an important contribution to the literature . -RRB- To my dismay , the history of the Sidhe which begins on page 22 of `` The Sidhe : Wisdom from the Celtic Otherworld '' and presented as having been told directly to the author by his Sidhe contact , is essentially word for word the same material that begins on page 32 of `` The Secret Lives ... '' . References to intermingling of species that begin on page 52 of `` The Sidhe ... '' also include sentences taken directly from Rev. Kirk 's work beginning on page 61 . There are no doubt other examples , but these two offer substantial reason for doubt . I can only conclude that either both works are fiction cleverly disguised as truth , or Mr. Matthews has used , without attribution , information taken from Rev. Kirk 's own journal . I am truly disappointed and feel cheated , as I intuitively know these beings exist and trusted that I was getting real testimony .
 Set in alternative timeline where the Third Reich did n't lose WWII and Germany and much of Eastern Europe is still under control of the Nazi regime against a backdrop of the gods , goddesses , and monsters of mythology are actually real and have returned to meddle in human affairs , the four-part SUPERMAN WONDER WOMAN
 The author apparently had 17 and 18 year olds in mind when she wrote this book . Filled with sex and profanity , Shadow is exciting , disturbing , and not that great . Joyce Sweeney has a nack for suspence but absolutely no taste .
 Sadly when a guide book is n't updated on a regular basis , it is no longer important . Such is the case with this fine book . I 've got 5 + guide books on the topic and the only one worth buying is Fergusons . Good luck ...
 I used this book when I took Heat Transfer last year . There 's too many typos in this book in places where there should be no typos , such as with formulas . Not a whole lot of explanation for stuff in the book , and most of the examples are n't that helpful . In the end , we were told that we could use any heat transfer text on our final as an open-book test , and I ended up using a Schaums Heat Transfer book , as that book does n't waste your time with derivations and is n't full of typos on key formulas and concepts.Schaum 's Outline of Heat Transfer , 2nd Edition -LRB- Schaum 's Outline Series -RRB-
 Difficult to follow and no solutions ... . examples are few and far between ... . By far the most worthless chemical engineering book I 've used ... only one I 'm sure I 'll sell at the end of the semester ... . the author is incomplete ... I found few discussions interesting ... there 's got to be better out there ?!
 Many things written about Collin Green in this book are untrue , and Larry Grobel should have known better after meeting him in person . But apparently he chose to take the word of others without checking out whether it could be true or not , medically . How many other things did Mr. Grobel just take people 's word on , without checking them out ?!? Collin Green would certainly be justified in suing Mr. Grobel and the publisher to have those things removed from any future printings and is owed an apology !
 Many things written about Collin Green in this book are untrue , and Larry Grobel should have known better after meeting him in person . But apparently he chose to take the word of others without checking out whether it could be true or not , medically . How many other things did Mr. Grobel just take people 's word on , without checking them out ?!? Collin Green would certainly be justified in suing Mr. Grobel and the publisher to have those things removed from any future printings and is owed an apology !
 As others have stated , there 's just nothing funny about this one . Clearly trying to cash in on the predecessor , but without any thought toward creative content . Rather , make some bodily function jokes and hope nobody notices . Skip this one .
 I 'm a diehard dog lover and I also love books of wit . I appreciate clever photos and good , snippy bogus captions . Nonetheless , I did not find `` Bad Dog '' to live up to its promise . I hate to say it but this book is no `` Bad Cat . `` This latter used the natural expressions of felines and some candid photography to really make a witty little coffee table and gift book . `` Bad Dog '' tries to do the same but ultimately fails . It fails because it relies mainly on staged photos of dogs in silly costumes instead of on the natural expressiveness of canine faces and the wide varitey of breeds , not to mention the interesting places dogs end up.Yes , there are some cute costumes and some witty captions here , but on the whole , the book is only mildly amusing . I am afraid that I can not recommend `` Bad Dog '' as a gift or even for one 's own light perusal . If there comes a third volume in this series , we can hope it will be titled `` Bad Editor ! ''
 I will agree , these dogs were definitely overdressed . Almost every dog has on an outfit . 95 % of the pages were either bathroom or sex jokes . These just were n't funny . There 's even a picture of a dog peeing . Wow , hilarious . Glad I did n't buy this , I read it in the store . The captions are n't funny , the pictures are n't funny . It would be an insult to purchase this for a dog-lover . Unfortunately , since the size and format are the same , it leads one to believe that it 's by the same author as Bad Cat , which was hilarious and worth multiple readings . This book is NOT by the same author .
 While some of the images and quips are funny , many are too forced . There are a lot of ` dress up ' dog pictures which is fine , but the little sayings underneith do n't always work.I think the title of this book is very misleading . These dogs do n't look ` bad ' at all . Few if any are doing anything but posing for the photograph .
 I 'm not sure why , but for some reason this book just did little for me . Oh , there were a few chuckles , but very few , and no laugh out loud moments.I know the authors were trying to duplicate the success of another very similar book , and unfortunately they just do n't capture the same hilarity.I read a copy of Bad Dog that I found at my library , and while it was worth a quick read I am glad I did not spend actual money on it.Here 's to hoping the authors can find more success with Bad -LRB- insert some other animal here -RRB- .
 I bought this and Bad Cats the other day , and I have to say Bad Cats was far better . Bad Dogs is cute , but a little stupid . Almost all of the photos are dogs wearing costumes . Bad Dogs ? No , Bad OWNERS . Get Bad Cats instead .
 This is absolute offal . Not only is it a rip-off of a GOOD idea , it 's not even a good rip-off . Dumb pictures , dumber captions.Up next `` Bad People '' !
 Finally I thought `` a sequel to Bad cat '' because I have dogs and cats . I always look at Amazon reviews before I buy a book but sometimes not on Amazon . Sorry Amazon!I went to Borders and looked at Bad dog . I was not happy . I do not like my daughter or me reading sex jokes about dogs and watching them pee or poopoo . Bad cat was easier on her eyes excet the word sh & t. ; Perhaps teenagers wrote Bad dog in their bathroom at school . Too much toilet humor and just dogs in costumes or angry snarling at you . Misses the edge of Bad cat and not as clever . The jokes are not funny unless a dog on the beach saying `` oh I love the beach '' is funny.Other reviews here say this is great and fantastic . I wish they would share their pot with me so I could laugh at the jokes too 8 -LRB- i did not buy the book and do not recommend unless you like poop or sex jokes.But 2 stars ** for taking the attempt and falling ! **** Isadore *********************
 The cover shows a cute , silly picture of a dog . I was expecting greeting card type goofy pictures and captions . The pictures were okay , the captions were tasteless , sick and far from funny . What a waste .
 nice try , but Bad Dog is barking up the wrong tree in trying to copy Jim Edgar 's Bad Cat book . The humor is distinctly lower class , more puerile and scatological , far less funny . We all know cats rule and dogs drool , but did they have to prove it with this pitiful knock off ?
 I have seen better jokes on the toilet stall at Hooters ' and I am a lady . If I thought this would be funny like the original I was sorley mistaken.This is like all sequels
 Let me preface this review by saying that I am a huge fan of occult/sci-fi/horror / fantasy movies and literature . So as you can imagine , I can be a little picky when it comes to what I think is good . However , that does not apply in this case . I had high expectations for this book . The author has supposedly been a `` student '' of the paranormal since age seven . Although after reading this book , one might think that he just read some random book on the subject and then threw in random exerts and called it a novel.The Devil You Know is the first book by Jay Hansen and maybe , if he improves his writing style by leaps and bounds , will not be his last . It tells the story of a demon who has been pulled into our reality , the boy he possess , and the rag-tag team that has to get him out . The problems with the book begin immediately as typos and missing words are very abundant . However , the one clear thing is that the story has four main characters . The only problem is that the author does not give any exact descriptions of them . This makes the characters basically faceless.The first of these characters is , of course , the demon . Going by the name of Cain , the demon takes possession of a very gifted young boy named Michael who the author calls a `` messiah '' because of his destiny to help mankind . He then decides that he should use the extreme intelligence of the boy to destroy humanity . However , throughout the entire novel , Cain basically does nothing and only randomly screams obscenities at his captors.The next character is The Guardian -LRB- basically an angel -RRB- who is sent to retrieve rouge spirits when they do something naughty , like try to destroy a planet . This Guardian is supposed to be the best at what she does , which is why she was put on this assignment . However , her plans throughout the book would lead on to believe she is a mere amateur . The Guardian must take possession of a body in order to fight Cain so she chooses Candace Sinclair , a woman who tries to overdose on pills because her cat dies . Using Candace 's memories of The Exorcist -LRB- brilliant plan # 1 -RRB- she enlist the help of the next character , Father Murphy.That 's right , the author never gives his first name . And since he is faceless , I had to rely on the way he acts to imagine what he looked like . Murphy is a complete and total rip-off of Father Damien Karras -LRB- played by the late Jason Miller -RRB- from the 1973 film . He is the clich&eacute; `` I 've lost my faith '' priest and gives up the life quit easily when this woman comes calling about demons and exorcisms . After Murphy 's failed first exorcism attempt , Cain is able to escape the pair only to be caught by the police and taken to an insane asylum.The next character is introduced during Candace 's brilliant plan # 2 -LRB- get locked up in the nut house and then escape with the kid -RRB- . Here we meet Jim , and just Jim because no last name is ever given . Jim is the most pointless character in the book . He does help this plan happen but after that he is just dead weight , especially after he gets really high off some plants in the desert.After escaping the asylum , this book goes from bad to worse as brilliant plan # 3 evolves . After some random conversation , Candace decides they should seek out aliens -LRB- who are actually inter-dimensional travelers -RRB- to extract the demon from the boy . She drags the group to Area 51 , which she determines is the best place to find aliens , again using her new body 's memories . The whole time , Murphy is fixated on anal probing and mumbles about it for the rest of the book . They arrive only to be nearly killed by the military.Finally after pages and pages of crap , the book ends in some lame fashion that I do n't care to waste ink on . Let 's just say it is even lamer than the ending to that 1987 classic The Gate -LRB- starring a very young Steven Dorff -RRB- , which is all I could think about as I read this . But thank God it ended is all I can say.There were many , many problems with the book . The most obvious is the lame as anything storyline , which included elements of the paranormal that should never be combined in this fashion . Not to mention the numerous inconsistencies that plague the already horrible plot . And to add to that , the chapters of the book are all named after tarot cards , which had absolutely nothing to do with the story . To summarize , it was a whole world of problems that could only be fixed by burning the book and starting all over again . Better luck next time Jay .
 Full of platitudes , lacking any meaningful content , and the disjointed writing style does n't help much either . The whole ` Phoenix Effect ' comes across as more of an bookselling gimmick than a business metaphor of any real value . I particularly enjoyed the advice on managing layoffs
 The experienced businessman/woman should pass on this one . The book is reminiscent of a required `` bubble gum '' text in a freshman level business course at a community college . I only wish the book had more pages so that it would make an even better paperweight .
 The so called real life examples are hardly `` real life '' , rather more like the product of the simple minded imagination of a second tier turnaround guy . I would have liked to hear the tougher stories from Pate 's career -LRB- i.e. get a tax refund and liquidate -RRB- .
 The Phoenix Effect is written by a `` world-renowned turnaround expert '' from PriceWaterhouseCoopers and a professor of finance . The book provides an interesting glimpse at the things a turnaround team will look at when they analyze a troubled company.However , there is a glaring inconsistency in the stories about Tidel Engineering , Inc. in different sections of the book.From page 18 , `` The safes were so well made that no one needed replacements , and repairing old ones was less expensive than buying new ones ... This is the point at which coauthor Carter Pate was named the company 's interim president and chief executive officer . `` From page 221 , `` it was clear that our quality was so poor that we could not distinguish between a safe that had just fallen off a truck and a new one returned by the customer . `` Umm . Which is it ? Did the company have excellent quality or atrocious quality ? This leaves me wondering how much of the book is about real examples and how much is imaginary.Both authors are members of the Association of Turnaround Professionals - I bet they are really good at the hokey pokey .
 First World , ha ! ha ! ha!Yep ! Mexico deserves to remain in the Third World where it belongs
 The book covers stage arrangement , some physics etc. . Would have been better if it had more Advanced Tabla instructions , e.g. , Bol , finger positions based on different Gharana 's etc. . Not worth the money .
 I was excited to receive this book however when it arrived i have to say i was a bit disappointed . Like the other viewer states it simply is lacking ` meat and potatoes ' . the author quotes alot of other books and it seems every line or two he is giving examples olden day celebrities i have never heard of . i dont care about those people and what they were doing i just want good content i can apply to my charts !
 Too many quotes from other books , it 's like a book of sightings from other people . Nothing is written from a personal perspective . Sorry Steven . Not my cup of tea .
 I regret buying this book . It stared off interestingly enough but most of characters were just there . I was disappointed that there were no real vampires and that it was just a role playing sub culture . The fact that the role playing was to taken to such an extreme seems a litte far fetched . Not one of the best books I have ever read .
 The book starts off with an interesting enough premise , but all the build up goes no where fast . The book is driven by plot and the characters are merely ` there ' and have no actual effect on the story or reader . A big let down . I 'm glad I did n't buy it .
 Although this pocketbook is helpful for beginners it has one big mistake
 This guide is terrible if your goal is to speak Amharic . The Achilles heel of this book is that there are no accent marks on the ethiopian phrases . If you read what is in the book there is no way you will come close to saying anything intelligible . On the positive side , all of my Ethiopian friends found this book very helpful for learning English .
 This phrasebook has lots of useful grammatical information . However , many of the examples are literal translations of the English . The results are phrases that are not good or natural Amharic . Instead , they teach you how to sound like a foreigner . Though there is an Ethiopian listed as one of the authors , it is clear that he felt pressured to produce a prodcut that was close to the English .
 * Welcome to Higby * was a disappointment considering the wit Dunn exhibited in * Ella Minnow Pea * -- not that the book did n't have wit ; it just did n't have the spark that * Ella * had.Part of the problem was the writing itself . Dunn spent a lot of time `` head-hopping '' in this one . He drifted from one point-of-view to another . Not only was this distracting ; it was confusing . I had to reread paragraphs to find who the main player was from one minute to the next.His theme is beaten to death , as well -- everything goes as long as `` love '' is involved . A minister ignores his son , partly because of his grief over his wife 's death and partly because of his work ; then he falls `` truly in love '' with a former prostitute and has sex with her upon their second meeting while his son climbs the Higby water tower for the second time . Another man falls instantly for a woman who has rear-ended his vehicle . And another man who has just converted to Christianity -- but is still shacked up with his girlfriend due to an imagined `` grandfather clause '' -- decides to bed down with a new flame , then goes back to his girlfriend , making passionate love to her the same day ; and then the minister who catches who catches them is made to look ridiculous ??? Other types of `` love '' that are deemed unacceptable by society are gushed over in this book , as well.What humor is there is pretty run-of-the-mill -LRB- for example , a bumbling policeman , an adorable older man bordering on senility -RRB- . Little new ; little original ; little reason to read it .
 So -- so -- so -- many people to keep track of.The only decent one out of the whole lot was HANK.The rest of the folks were very iffy , at best.I wanted to stop quite a few times -- but -- kept going on.It was an okay read -- not great -- not terrible .
 Whoever digitized this book was not paying attention . There are header lines -LRB- title and author -RRB- in the middle of the screen , text lines end in the middle , page numbers appear in the middle of paragraphs.I like this author and would , perhaps , enjoy this story if there were n't so many distractions due to poor editing . Save your money until someone fixes this version !
 Lawdy be , the hills are alive with the sound of cliches in this treacly tale of the yokels who inhabit a small town in Mississippi.All the stock characters are here
 Maybe Mrs. Jordan just is n't for me , but a lot of this just seems like political mumbojumbo . Basically , shes an advocate for home birthing , in the extreme , like , drive 50 miles out into the desert , set up a tent , and give childbirth that way . Who knows , maybe someone else got a better experience from this book .
 This book is a well-known essay on differences in childbirth by an anthropologist ; recent editions owe a lot to re-editing by Robbie Davis-Floyd , an anthropologist and `` childbirth activist . '' The editor 's comments are often gratuitous , frequently misleading , and short on medical knowledge . The book is descriptive , lacks anything approaching substantive data , and demonstrates a persistent anti-medical bias . It shows no familiarity with the obstetric literature , and there is no discussion of maternal mortality or morbidity . A reader is likely to miss the fact that 500,000 - 1,000,000 women die each year from pregnancy-related causes , and that 99 % of those deaths occur in the developing world . The morbidity from pregnancy-related causes is even higher , and similarly ignored . Forget this book if you want to find out about cross-cultural differences in childbirth . Read Irvine Loudon 's Death in Childbirth , Oxford University Press . Come back to this book when you have some data at your fingertips .
 I 'm astounded that this book has sold so well , it 's really not that helpful . From the whole book i would say there were 10 pages that were somehow of use to me . It 's also not very specific to starting a consulting business , it was more about simply ` starting a business ' . A lot of the information i found very patronizing , for example and entire chapter dedicated to what office equipment you may need including printers / fax machines / telephone etc - if you need to read a book to know you are going to need that kind of equipment you really should not be getting into the consultancy business - or any business for that matter . You may be tempted having read other reviews on this to still plump for a copy , i would advise first going to Mr Weiss ' website and watching a few of his videos posted there , you 'll quickly get an idea of how inane and pointless the information in the book is . That said , Mr Weiss is clearly successful in some capacity , but i 'm absolutely convinced that his path to that success has no place in modern consulting methods and practice . The profile pictures he recommends for example are completely off track , his profile picture is a very cringey and cheesy snap of him resting on his Bentley - need i say more ? One thing i would give Mr Weiss 5 stars for is simply selling himself , he 's done a wonderful job of promoting absolutely nothing . I would strongly recommend going for another book such as ` Flawless consulting ' - it really is much more useful for start-up consultants - unless of course you did n't realise you would need a phone to operate your business .
 I read the first 40 pages to verify my initial reaction toward this book
 The book has a lot of detailed step by step information on how the author runs his consulting business ; however , he comes across as a greedy egomaniac . I was unimpressed . One chapter in the book suggests developing passive income like writing books . I was upset that I bought this books to feed this man 's ego and revenue stream . Consider the Patrick Lencioni book series instead .
 I did n't like the book . It does n't have much to do with consulting . It is teaching about how to sell , how to register a company and similar pretty common stuff.The book is missing the consulting essentials - some tools , how to build and defend a workshop , some blueprint examples for different situations , approaches to strategic and `` tactical '' consulting respectively ... In the same time it is handling some micro processes on a `` how to give a smile '' level and giving some advices as `` you should have a web site '' . Wow . I just did n't find the value .
 There 's a great chapter on setting your fees based on value , rather than hourly rates . Its the only reason I kept the book . -LRB- Although if I had known that was the only worth this book contained for me , I would have bought Weiss 's `` value based fees . '' -RRB- But hey -- if you do n't already know that maybe you want a photocopier ; or that clients are more impressed by good logos than by bad logos ; or that you should n't go around working for free ; then this is the book for you .
 I 'm new to telecom and I needed a comprehensive but easy to read book . This was n't a good choice.The book does have a good glossary . However , after the first few pages the authors suddenly start tossing around acronyms as if everyone innately understands them.But worse by far is that paragraphs are out of sequence . You have to figure out for yourself that the paragraph you are reading is related to three paragraphs back but not the immediately preceding paragraphs . I found this very distracting and unpleasant and I really wished the authors had invested in editing services . You can piece together the logic but you have to be a pretty brave soul to take on a new , technical subject , a rather dry one at that , with a book that is n't strong on logical editorial flow.I would n't recommend this book except perhaps to someone already familiar enough with the material that the literary weaknesses do n't hinder study .
 It is truly unbelievable that someone who is supposed to be a Bible prophecy expert is teaching that Babylon will be rebuilt to become a global economic power . Mystery Babylon the Great is not literal Babylon , which is why it is called a mystery . NOT LITERAL . Wake up people ! You are blind and following blind guides .
 All of Hans Silvester 's photography books of cats , dogs & kittens in the Greek Cyclades Islands are lovely examples of fine photography . As a fine art photographer myself , I respect Mr. Silvester 's level of skill and artistry , and I find his other books very beautiful.However , when I first became aware of his books about the cats and dogs , I was thoroughly dismayed by his choice of subject matter and the way he has chosen to portray the lives of these creatures as idyllic and carefree.Having been to these Greek islands , I have learned firsthand that the large majority of these poor animals are ignored , injured , or mistreated by people there-anything but `` respected . '' The photographer has omitted portraits of the true conditions for most of the stray dogs and cats in Greece-crippled , starving , dying of thirst , hurt or maimed , with the humans around them barely taking notice.The full horror of the story was revealed to me by locals on the islands . Each year , the cats & dogs are allowed to breed uncontrolled , because tourists are fond of seeing the cute animals around and on the beaches . At the end of each tourist season , as many of them as possible are rounded up and killed -LRB- I could n't bear to learn how -RRB- , until the following year when the ones that survived begin the cycle all over again . I found this same story on all the islands I visited , including Mykonos , and I was so appalled that I shortened my stay and left Greece altogether.The situation is a tragedy , and my feeling , as a photographer and animal lover , is that Mr. Silvester should not be misrepresenting the condition of cats and dogs on the Greek islands , especially when it is for monetary gain . I hope animal lovers around the world will agree , and send a message to anyone who profits in any way from the suffering of these dogs and cats in the sun .
 I finished this book in a foul mood , which I eventually managed to atribute to a simple cause
 I 'd have to give this book a fat C -LRB- satisfactory -RRB- . It 's lucky to get that when I barely cared for the characters at all . It 's a simple story based on the author finding letters that belonged to his grandfather . It was a nice concept for a book but the story really moved too slowly . Here it is World War I with a doctor separated from his New York family while in France . The doctors ' letter writing clearly renders his loving infatuation with a young nurse while dealing with medical antidotes . The writing seemed relatively good but the story lacked intrigue and interest . It 's a mix between a family surviving without the head of household and a ` want to be ' love story . Why I chose to finish the book is beyond me , but I did underscore some beautifully written excerpts such as : A true intellect rushes on with what it has to say without stopping to admire its penmanship . -LRB- I think the author stopped to admire his handwriting -- that 's for sure ! -RRB- I do n't think I 'll ever marry . ... a book can be far better company than a silent man or an irritable woman . Why not spend your life with books ? -LRB- not this book ! -RRB- Stop this quarreling . There is too much to be grateful for . -LRB- Okay , the author made an effort . -RRB- His pages were still secrets locked in a desk . -LRB- more secrets and development needed to be unlocked for this book to work -RRB- If the city 's grid was a chessboard , she moved across it with the queen 's whim and freedom , a celebrity denying a destination , as if bound to keep moving for her own security . -LRB- Hmmm ... could the writer of this book moved along too quickly with whim & freedom as well ? -RRB- Without rubbing their noses in his contentment , he was eager to share experience . -LRB- There were a few touching moments but it was hard to feel emotion when I never embraced the characters to begin with . -RRB-
 As I read these other reviews I 'm curious if they were reading the same book that I read . I gave it 2 stars only because I have read worse books . That is not to say that the information in the book is not interesting , or heartfelt , but I just feel poorly written . Dirlam repeats herself in many useless issues , such as the numerous times that she metions the reavealing dress of the russian girls . The book is also a bit scattered , it did not flow well . I would recomend against purchasing this book , rather for an excellent book on siberia read Colin Thurbron 's `` In Siberia '' it will delight and amaze you .
 Agree with some other reviewers , this is a boring , poorly written book . It 's not John 's Story at all . There is no character development . We do n't get to see any of these people become more mature Christians . Not even John . Instead , this book is the gospel of John and Revelation -LRB- completely ignoring 1-3 John -RRB- , a bit of commentary , and a lot of complaints about how John feels about what is happening around him.The Apostle John does n't sound like the John from the Bible . All John does in this book is rant against people like Cerinthus , struggle to eat , and complain about his ailments -LRB- though usually in thought -RRB- . Here , John 's contact with the Spirit and union with Jesus is sporadic at best , and John seems to spend most of his time wondering if God is paying any attention to him.Even worse is that some of the theology presented in this book is n't even accurate . At one point , they talk about the Church as the House of God , disregarding Acts 7:48 , that `` the Most High does not live in houses made by men . '' . At other places , John recites the `` Lord 's Prayer '' word for word , as if he does not understand that it is not a mantra for all believers to repeat verbatim.The authors do not put themselves in John 's place , instead , they put John in our place , making John think and act as we would if we were in his place . No wonder I found this book brand new at the Dollar Store . This book is not worth more than $ 1 , and would be better used to balance a wobbly piece of furniture .
 Was the author trying to emitate The Left Behine Seris ? It sure did miss a lot of detail . I can forgive some typos , but this e-book just had way to many .
 This book seems as though it 's only point in being written was as an argument for Amazon to enable 0 star voting . Please do yourself a favor and do n't read this , read The Last Disciple by Hanegraaf instead , or use a random number generator to pick an ISBN at random and read the related book - I guarantee it will be better .
 `` John 's Story , '' another in a long and insipid line of efforts from LaHaye and Jenkins , purports to tell the story of John - disciple , gospel writer and visionary . But the story is so flaccid , the plot nearly non-existent and the characters so two-dimensional that reading it was a chore . However , I can deal with a writer 's lame but pious attempt at storytelling , if it is done with some semblance of insight or vigor . The biggest sin of all in John 's Story '' was the unprecedented amount of cribbing in the book . Fully 90 of the book 's 310 pages - nearly 30 % of the book 's length - are an extended appendix containing the Gospel of John , 3 of John 's letters and the book of Revelation . And the body of the book has John dictating multi-page chunks of the John 's Gospel with the lightest of reworking . When John tells the story of Jesus and Nicodemus , for instance , young Polycarp breaks in to say inane things like , `` Did he really say that ? '' I estimate that 40-50 % of the book is a John 's original text . Even veteran plagiarists would blush at appropriating that much original material!The story itself is brainless . Its John is the uneducated Galilean fisherman who followed Jesus as well as the sophisticated Beloved Disciple who wrote the sublime Gospel of John and the persecuted elder who wrote Revelation . Biblical scholars do n't buy that each of these `` Johns '' was the same person , but LaHaye/Jenkins do . Neither is there any indication of development in the young Church . The book 's John is completely familiar with -LRB- and in agreement with -RRB- the gospels of Matthew , Mark and Luke , as well as the writings of Paul . This , even though the real gospel of John and the others differ on significant details , like the timing of the cleansing of the Temple and the death of Jesus . LaHaye/Jenkins even claims that all the evangelists were personal witnesses to the passion , death and resurrection , something that few scholars buy today . `` John 's Story '' is a lazy work that is supremely talky , has no insights , spreads bad history and includes no scholarship . It does n't even give us a decent picture of what ancient Ephesus might have looked like , and what might have motivated its people . Given the amount of biblical narrative it includes , I would suggest that the reader search out the actual gospel of John and save the $ 25 spent on this dubious and deceptive effort .
 I loved the other LaHaye Books , but this was just boring . I did n't even finish it .
 I eagerly started this book , expecting it to be a `` fleshed-out '' , novelized depiction of the live of John . Well , I was sorely disappointed . It was , instead , a -LRB- highly condensed -RRB- re-telling of the Gospel of John and Book of Revelation , interspersed with some narrative scenes and dialogue . First of all , I am not interested in reading a condensed , verbatim re-telling of the Bible ; I prefer to read the Bible itself ! And I found the narrative scenes and dialogue contrived and unconvincing . The conversations between John , Ignatius and Polycarp sounded like that of 21st century evangelicals pretending to be Bible-era characters . Obviously , none of us knows how people really spoke and interacted 2,000 years ago , but I have read plenty of other novels set in that time period , to know that it is possible for a skillful writer to make the reader feel transported to that time and place , and to create conversations and scenes that feel real and believable . This book definitely did not do that.This is the first Jenkins/LaHaye book I have read , but , based on all the hype and success of their Left Behind series , I certainly expected more than what they delivered in John 's Story . The only really positive thing I can say about this book is that it is a quick read -- I read the entire thing in just a few hours . I had the second book in the series , Mark 's Story , in my shopping cart ; however , after the disappointment of this one I deleted it . I will not be purchasing any more of the books in this series.If you are drawn to this series , my recommendation is to just read the four gospels , instead , and do n't waste your money on these tepid re-tellings .
 I am a follower of Jesus Christ ! I am an avid reader and am in charge of the reading list for a Christian fiction book club . I was so excited when this book came out because I have enjoyed The Left Behind series by these same authors and was hoping I could put it on my reading list . I ca n't . I could put the books John , 1st , 2nd and 3rd John and Revelation on my reading list ... that would be better .
 A good novel needs a good lead character . One that the reader can identify with or at least root for . In `` John 's Story '' , the title character is a rather unpleasant old man who spends much of the opening part of the book whining about , and shouting at , people with other religious beliefs . He does calm down after a while and starts writing his gospel , but that 's no more exciting to read about . He just sits around talking about Jesus . This kind of filler makes up most of the book . A good novel also needs a plot . I 'd estimate that less than 5 percent of `` John 's Story '' is plot ; the rest is filler . And it gets boring VERY quickly . Like in the neverending `` Left Behind '' series , Jenkins again proves his talent is not in storytelling , but in his ability to take a thin plot and pad it with filler into as many words as possible . It was so boring I was unable to finish it.It 's obvious that the authors did n't put much effort into the book . They knew their names on the cover would guarantee sales and wrote it for no other purpose than to make some quick money . It 's not a novel as much as a long discussion of theology . And flawed theology at that . If you want to read about theology , find a nonfiction book . If you want to read a novel , do n't read this one . It will bore you to tears .
 I totally agree with the other one star reviewers . I only fought part-way through the book before I pushed it aside in disgust . While a fiction work , the main character is supposed to give you a sense of who John was . The book portrays him as a hot-headed legalistic old man , quick to anger , cowardly , and needing to be led by those he had mentored . Where are his fruits of the Spirit ? Where is the wisdom he would have from walking with the Master all those years ? The words he spoke in the book were drivel . If you want a good fiction book to read -LRB- sorry I ca n't vouch for the historical accuracy -RRB- try Francine Rivers Mark of the Lion series . It 's a three part series . I highly recommend the first two books .
 Good book for those who have n't read the book of John in the Bible . I found the book to move very slowly .
 I agree whole heartedly with the first reviewer . At first I was excited to see LaHaye and Jenkins together again . I had read the entire Left Behind Series and I am eagerly awaiting the final book Kingdom Come . I was disappointed in some of LaHaye 's other works like the Babylon Series but was wiling to give him another chance in this new series since he partnered back up with Jenkins . But I have to say that this new book which from what I gather is the first in a series of 4 books of each of the Gospels was very disappointing . Like the first reviewer I was hoping to get some sort of insight into John himself , maybe a bit of Christian history ... not so . This book was the Bible verbatim ! After the first chapter it 's been all down hill since . I 'm only half way through and I 'm finding it a struggle to finish the rest . It 's a far cry from the Left Behind books which I could finish in a day or two . I will most likely finish the book but will not bother purchasing any more in this series .
 I 'm a huge fan of LaHaye and Jenkins , and I love almost all of their other books . I 'm a big fan of Historical Christian Fiction . But this book is just plain awful.The character development is non-existent . I just finished the book last night , and there are only four characters that I can even remember -LRB- John , Ignatius , Polycarp , and Cerinthus -RRB- . I did n't feel like I knew any more about those characters when I finished.The plot is dull and unimaginative . It 's basically just wrapping a boring , pointless story around the Gospel of John and The Revelation of John . Just reading those two books from the Bible would have been far more rewarding.If you want to see how Biblical Fiction can be done well , read any of Ellen Gunderson Traylor 's early works . They 're page-turners that expand upon the truth found in the Bible , illustrate the personalities of people from the Bible , and highlight the nuggets that are so easy to miss in the Bible . The only thing that kept me turning pages in `` John 's Story '' was the hope that it would improve . It never did .
 John , the disciple Jesus loved most , is the only disciple left . All the others have been killed for their beliefs . Currently in prison awaiting his sentence , John wants to get his story about his life with the Messiah out to the rest of the world . When an attempt to boil him in a pot of oil fails , John is sentenced to exile onPatmos . Before he goes , he dictates his story to Polycarp in hopes that others will listen to it and believe.When I first heard the premise of this novel , I was excited . I thought it was going to be the New Testament through John 's eyes during that time period . I thought the story would be first person narrative from John 's point of view from when he grew up , to meeting Jesus , throughout Jesus ' ministry , after Jesus died , etc. . Unfortunately this book was not at all what I expected . I did n't feel this book to be on the level as the Left Behind series . To me the story was just verbatim the Bible with a little background story for continuity thrown in . I did find the Gnostic believer and his arguments with John very interesting with that belief brought to contemporary popularity these days . I wish they had included more of that discussion . I also did find John 's attempted death in the oil fascinating . However the rest of the book was not exciting or even uncovering anything new . Also the author 's felt the need to include all of John 's works from the Bible in the book . So really , the 300 page book is only half a novel . This would n't be such a problem if the story was n't EXACTLY what was in the Bible . It almost feels like the authors were afraid to create a character for John , different that how he is always portrayed . You do n't know anything about his personal life at all . Seeing as how John was the disciple Jesus loved the most , I expected more from this book . I only hope that for the other books , they change the format and include more original story and less repetition .
 I also recieved `` John 's Story '' as a present and was very excited to get it . I have read all of the Left Behind books , -LRB- multiple times -RRB- and even another by Jenkins , `` Soon , '' which is not part of the LB series , but similar . `` John 's Story '' is a `` page turner '' in some places , but the padding with verbatim text from the NIV version of the Gospel of John is too much . There is nothing mentioned about John 's ministry from AD 33-90ish , where John is one of the three pillars of the Jerusalem church ... no mention of any family -LRB- wife , children ... why not ? -RRB- Also , I believe that in Ephesus -LRB- sorry , do n't know the modern name of the town -RRB- there are four graves in the shape of a cross . One is purported to contain John , another grave contains Mary , and I do n't know who 's in the other two graves -LRB- maybe Polycarp and Ignatius ? -RRB- If that 's the case , Mary most likely accompanied John to Ephesus where she later died . `` John 's Story '' could have had more detail about his life before , during and after his interaction with Jesus.If someone loans you a copy , fine . Read it . Buy it used if you must . I am looking forward to the FINAL Left Behind book , though .
 First of all , I want to make it clear that the single star rating is not for the subject of the book -LRB- which I endorse wholeheartedly -RRB- , but for LaHayes ' and Jenkins ' exploitation of the Bible . First they gave us the Left Behind books which they stretched into an entire series over a period of time longer than the Tribulation itself , ostensibly to `` help spread the Gospel '' but - more likely - to generate as much income as possible . Now we have `` John 's Story
 ... because there is no `` Zero '' star option.Upon putting this book down , I did n't know whether to cry or to retch.Yes , it is that bad.Just to clarify a few points , before I get bashed as an anti-Christian kook : I am a devout Christian ; I have been all my life ; I have dedicated my life to serving God and the Church , and to spreading the good news ; I am a teacher , and spend my time encouraging the study of Scripture and Church History.I am also , by training , an historical theologian . To me , this book is worse -- WORSE -- and more dangerous to authentic Christianity than was the atrocious `` Left Behind '' series . The `` Left Behind '' series sensationalized a view of the `` End Times '' popular amongst certain groups of fundamentalist Christians , using a discredited 19th century interpretation of Revelation . Fine . If someone wants to misinterpret the Bible , they are free to do so.But `` John 's Story '' does more than that . It is a dishonest and distorted view of history . And frankly , the authors have no excuse -- because it is obvious to any trained historian that primary source material was used . Real names of real Early Church Fathers are mentioned , for example , Ignatius and Polycarp . Real Church traditions are recounted , for example , the attempted execution of John in a vat of boiling oil . The authors obviously know what the early Church documents say -- and they deliberately distort them.I fault `` John 's Story '' not so much for the things that are related -- but rather for what is conveniently left out , and what is re-interpreted to fit a 21st century , independant fundamentalist mindset.Item
 Amen to the first reviewer . This book is awful , a poorly written attempt to sugarcoat a grand idea with fundimental propaganda . John was a wonderful man , the beloved . In this book he is a cardboard comic book character . Thank heaven it is fiction , and a good thing the last half is the Gospel and writings of John otherwise I could never finish it . Give alms to the poor but do n't waste your money on this commercial pulp paper .
 First , understand that I am a fan of the Left Behind series . I found it a little long -LRB- I mean really , 12 books ? C'mon -RRB- but it was compelling overall.I looked forward to what LaHaye and Jenkins would do with the Gospels . Well ... they 've done nothing . NOTHING . Nada . Zip . Zilch . There 's almost no background of John , his associates in later life , his time with Jesus , nothing . All they 've done is basically taken dictation from John word for word , with a little tension thrown in . This is the biggest money grab I 've seen in a long time . These two are capitalizing on their fame by scamming fans . They should be ashamed.Save yourself some time and money . Buy a Bible . Read the Gospel of John -LRB- and everything else in it , for that matter -RRB- . It 's better than this book can ever hope to be .
 I 've read all the Left Behind books , and have to agree with the other reviewers here . This book was a real disappointment . They make John sound more like an Earl in England than a person in Rome 95 AD . There appears to be a great deal of `` poetic license '' taken in this book , and unfortunately , it is not that entertaining or insightful . ZZZZzzzzzzz .
 The only thing MS Press may publish that are any good are the Resource Kits . Packed with more information than you will ever need and will more than likely forget.This MCSA kit , on the other hand , lacks just about everything when it comes to detail and how-to . Do n't be fooled by the cover . It 's nothing but a chopped up version of all their other self-paced training garbage.How other publishers can stuff their books with tons of USEFUL information and Microsoft ca n't is beyond me.If you want to `` build the skills '' to do anything , look somewhere else .
 I have read the first book out of the four -LRB- Windows 2000 Professional -LRB- 70-210 -RRB- . Studied it inside and out . Took the sample test in the CD-ROM and got 98 % on it . I thought I was ready for the exam so I went and took the 70-210 exam . Well , this book did not even come close to what the exam was like . The questions were much , much harder and longer scenerio type . I did not pass the exam . If you are looking to just learn Windows 2000 Professional really well , then these books are good . If you are looking to take the MCSA or MCSE exams then do n't count on these books to help you pass .
 I 'm amazed that this book has received so many great reviews , when I 've found it extremely dry and theoretical . It seems more like a not very engaging textbook than a resource for working development professionals . It becomes more interesting when Ms. Grace uses occasional real-world examples -- and if she decides to write a 3rd edition I 'd strongly recommend she use an editor who can translate her concepts into a more reader-friendly style . I 'm a graduate of an Ivy-level school so I 'm not asking her to `` dumb it down '' -- just do n't write in the style of an academic thesis . At least one reviewer noted that Ms. Grace is a warm individual , which leads me to believe that this person has attended her workshops . While she may be an excellent in-person presenter , much seems to have been lost in the writing process , as I did n't sense any warmth or personality in this book . I will continue to read the book to the end , and hope that it somehow gets better .
 I ordered this book and it had a nice looking cover on the picture when I placed the order and when I received the book it is just a black cover . I wish it would have said in the listing that there was no cover for this book . I 'm hoping it is the right book for my daughters class as I wo n't be able to find out until she is back at school and already is in need of the book . I picked this store due to its high 100 % rating and right now I 'm not sure if the rating was right . I think it needs to be disclosed you are buying a book without the cover on it . So I will have to wait and see how the out come turns out for this purchase before I make a final decision on this .
 I received the book in pretty good condition however it did not have the cover on it which was disappointing because in the picture it had the cover . I am not sure if there is any way to get the cover however if so I would like to have it . Thank you !
 This is 5 stars if you want to learn only tips & tricks ; an learn nothing about assembly . After you read this book you know how to write to files in assembly , how to paint a image on the screen ... However this ` master class ' learn you nearly nothing about assembly programming . It 's just a tips & tricks ; book . In a tips & tricks ; world you do n't survive , because your tips will be soon obsolete . You can better learn the ideas behind the tips . You do need to have a great insight in the fundamentals . With fundamentals I mean
 This was not a good book , despite the positive reviews it has received . As with Erickson 's other books the dialogue is painful . The dialogue is filled with `` Um . '' `` Huh . '' and `` Uh-huh . '' and those fillers are used as complete thoughts and sentences . Obviously the characters have very little sucbstance if that can be the extent of each exchange . Is it so hard for two writers to come together and create a fluid sentence ?? I guess so , because these 2 women are hopeless writers . This was the second book I was given by Erickson , and both books suffered from the Um and Huh problem . I can not understand how writing like that is deemed interesting or engaging by other readers . In any case , the plot is about a woman who was once raped but can not remember the face of her rapist . She is now a police sketch artist and is called in to assist on a case similar to her own , and it drudges up memories about her own rape . The authors did manage to keep the suspense going -LRB- not about the lead character Jane 's rape -RRB- about the current case she was working on . However , there were a lot of shortcuts taken with this book . The relationship between Jane and Ray -LRB- the lead detective -RRB- was forced and very rushed at the end , leading to a unrealistic and unbelievable conclusion . The relationship Jane had with her family was n't well developed and the character interaction was weak at best . The story could have been lengthened to explain the relationship more between Jane and her family , Jane and Ray , Jane and Alan , and even Ray and Kathleen . The authors cramed the story into just over 100 pages and left too much unsaid and undeveloped . The story was just that , a story , with no genuine substance or anything that will leave you wanting more from this/these authors . I am so glad to be done forever with Erickson books . NOT recommended .
 I 've read many teenager 's fantasies as good as this . The silly , formal and archaic ` fantasy ' diction is here all right
 This book has some interesting content , nothing new standard new age metaphysics , but it is , without doubt , the worst written book I 've ever read . It has the tons of repetition , so much that you do n't see what 's new in the repetitions . Curious use of words . There is a long explanation of `` paradigm '' then the word is misused ... . defeating the purpose of all the preparatory pages . If this was edited down to 10 or 20 pages it would be worth reading , but needs the work of a professional editor . But there is not enough content for the effort .
 This book belongs in the category of books about mysterious `` energy fields '' , tachyons , and tangential vortex amplifiers . That category is pseudoscience . The author also misrepresents quantum theory.-A physicist
 The CD version of this book is very easy to use and the search function is wonderful . HOWEVER there is no way to copy text off the screen so you can paste it into other applications . I find this very frustrating and a big disappointment.The CD version of `` The Voyage of the Beagle '' suffers from the same problem . Beware .
 The firs two chapters of The Origin are titled
 Regarding the complete lack of transitional forms in the fossil record , Darwin said in the 1850 's : `` Why then is not every geological formation and every stratum full of such intermediate links ? Geology assuredly does not reveal any such finely graduated organic chain ; and this , perhaps , is the most obvious and serious objection which can be urged against the theory . The explanation lies , as I believe , in the extreme imperfection of the geological record . '' -- Charles Darwin , `` On the imperfection of the geological record '' , Chapter X , `` The Origin of Species '' , J. M. Dent & Sons Ltd , London , 1971 , pp. 292-293 . But 120 years later ! `` Well , we are now about 120 years after Darwin and the knowledge of the fossil record has been greatly expanded . We now have a quarter of a million fossil species but the situation has n't changed much . The record of evolution is still surprisingly jerky and , ironically , we have even fewer examples of evolutionary transition than we had in Darwin 's time . By this I mean that some of the classic cases of darwinian change in the fossil record , such as the evolution of the horse in North America , have had to be discarded or modified as a result of more detailed information - what appeared to be a nice simple progression when relatively few data were available now appears to be much more complex and much less gradualistic . So Darwin 's problem has not been alleviated in the last 120 years and we still have a record which ` does ' show change but one that can hardly be looked upon as the most reasonable consequence of natural selection . Also the major extinctions such as those of the dinosaurs and trilobites are still very puzzling . '' -- Dr. David M. Raup -LRB- Curator of Geology , Field Museum of Natural History , Chicago -RRB- , `` Conflicts between Darwin and paleontology '' . `` Field Museum of Natural History Bulletin '' , vol . 50 -LRB- 1 -RRB- , January 1979 , p. 25 . Are there any transitional forms at all ? '' ... I fully agree with your comments on the lack of direct illustration of evolutionary transitions in my book . If I knew of any , fossil or living , I would certainly have included them . You suggest that an artist should be used to visualize such transformations , but where would he get the information from ? I could not , honestly , provide it , and if I were to leave it to artistic license , would that not mislead the reader?I wrote the text of my book four years ago . If I were to write it now , I think the book would be rather different . Gradualism is a concept I believe in , not just because of Darwin 's authority , but because my understanding of genetics seems to demand it . Yet Gould and the American Museum people are hard to contradict when they say there are no transitional fossils . As a palaeontologist myself , I am much occupied with the philosophical problems of identifying ancestral forms in the fossil record . You say that I should at least ` show a photo of the fossil from which each type of organism was derived . ' I will lay it on the line-there is not one such fossil for which one could make a watertight argument . '' -- Personal letter -LRB- written 10 April 1979 -RRB- from Dr. Colin Patterson , Senior Palaeontologist at the British Museum of Natural History in London , to Luther D. Sunderland ; as quoted in `` Darwin 's Enigma '' by Luther D. Sunderland , Master Books , San Diego , USA , 1984 , p. 89 . `` I know that , at least in paleoanthropology , data are still so sparse that theory heavily influences interpretations . Theories have , in the past , clearly reflected our current ideologies instead of the actual data . '' -- Dr. David Pilbeam -LRB- Physical Anthropologist , Yale University , USA -RRB- , `` Rearranging our family tree '' . `` Human Nature '' , June 1978 , p. 45 . `` The absence of fossil evidence for intermediary stages between major transitions in organic design , indeed our inability , even in our imagination , to construct functional intermediates in many cases , has been a persistent and nagging problem for gradualistic accounts of evolution . '' -- Stephen Jay Gould -LRB- Professor of Geology and Paleontology , Harvard University -RRB- , `` Is a new and general theory of evolution emerging ? '' `` Paleobiology '' , vol . 6 -LRB- 1 -RRB- , January 1980 , p. 127 . `` The extreme rarity of transitional forms in the fossil record persists as the trade secret of paleontology . The evolutionary trees that adorn our textbooks have data only at the tips and nodes of their branches ; the rest is inference , however reasonable , not the evidence of fossils . Yet Darwin was so wedded to gradualism that he wagered his entire theory on a denial of this literal record : `` The geological record is extremely imperfect and this fact will to a large extent explain why we do not find interminable varieties , connecting together all the extinct and existing forms of life by the finest graduated steps . He who rejects these views on the nature of the geological record , will rightly reject my whole theory . `` Darwin 's argument still persists as the favored escape of most paleontologists from the embarrassment of a record that seems to show so little of evolution . In exposing its cultural and methodological roots , I wish in no way to impugn the potential validity of gradualism -LRB- for all general views have similar roots -RRB- . I wish only to point out that it was never ` seen ' in the rocks.Paleontologists have paid an exorbitant price for Darwin 's argument . We fancy ourselves as the only true students of life 's history , yet to preserve our favored account of evolution by natural selection we view our data as so bad that we never see the very process we profess to study . '' -- Stephen Jay Gould -LRB- Professor of Geology and Paleontology , Harvard University -RRB- , `` Evolution 's erratic pace '' . `` Natural History '' , vol . LXXXVI -LRB- 5 -RRB- , May 1977 , p. 14 . For truly eye-opening information ... the kind you were never allowed to hear in high-school and university , see `` Icons of Evolution '' by Jonathan Wells , `` Darwin 's Black Box '' by Michael Behe , `` Bones of Contention '' by Marvin Lubenow , `` Evolution
 As I read this book I made notes where Darwin was unscientific :P . xiii
 Even though it was fun to read , I give it one star lest the brainwashed academics out their suffer further undue influence . This book has been highly misrepresented by evolutionists for decades . One reviewer made this point but failed to back it up with any facts . That reviewer failed to point out that it was in the `` Descent of Man , '' not `` Origin of the Species '' where Darwin first presents man as having descended from apes.Evolutionists apply natural selection to explain all biological development . It 's the worse case of reductionism in history . James D. Watson and Edward Wilson were on the Charlie Rose show talking about this book . They described natural selection as the single great development in science since Newton . They claimed to describe this book as great English literature yet they badly misrepresented it as teaching that natural selection applies to everything biological . How could these allegedly great scientists be so unscientific ? Scientists are n't supposed to be cavalier in their judgment . Scientists are supposed to be conservative in their judgment.First of all , let 's quote Darwin himself from this book , page 75
 To illustrate what 's wrong with this book , I below lift out the central hypothesis which is the theory of Natural Selection . '' can we doubt -LRB- remembering that many more individuals are born than can possibly survive -RRB- that individuals having any advantage , however slight , over others , would have the best chance of surviving and of procreating their kind ? On the other hand , we may feel sure that any variation in the least degree injurious would be rigidly destroyed . This preservation of favourable variations and the rejection of injurious variations , I call Natural Selection . `` The fact is that * all * individuals do not survive , all individuals die . Such exactness is important in science and Darwin fails this scientific standard . This seemingly insignificant error in the fundament of the theory gives a cascade of errors later on . It is really quite different to say that the chance of reproduction determines which organisms are left in the world , then to say a struggle for survival/existence determines it . The first puts focus on the individual organism -LRB- since they reproduce , but do n't survive -RRB- , the last puts focus on the population -LRB- which does n't reproduce much , but can be said to survive -RRB- . Throughout the book there is no effort at formalization , which is why Physicists , Chemists etc. people of the socalled hard sciences -LRB- up until the 19 ! 80 's when physicists also started to make their science softer because of the problems they ran into -RRB- , looked down on Darwinism as a soft science employing a magical struggle for existence and intuitive terms like that.It is clear that Darwin , having dropped Christianity , invested as much emotion into his theory as he could , making it a suitable substitute religion for him , rather then try to make it a hard science . `` Hence we may look with some confidence to a secure future of equally inappreciable length . And as natural selection works solely by and for the good of each being , all corporeal and mental endowments will tend to progress towards perfection . `` The natural force of goodness ? For crying out loud . This should have read something like
 Was disappointed when I opened the book to see the extremely small print - never have worn glasses and great vision , but what I 'm sure was going to be a deliciously meaty book , full of Darwin 's views and where they stem from , has become a book that is passed over for something more traditional in size and font.Maybe I should have read the reviews or book into closer and would have noticed this was mentioned.Oh well , someday I 'll get to it ... once I find my magnifying glass!Smalls
 Darwin never wrote a book titled ` The origin of the species ' . His bookwas published under two titles
 First of all the subtitle has been wrongly interpreted . Some creationists have decided to use this title to expose Darwin as a racists . He may be , I have not read `` The Descent of Man '' yet . The origin of species talks very little of man . It is a book of observations and study . It concentrates on how plant life , has by selection , brought forth all the species we see today . The survival of the fittest through millions of years by gradual change . Darwin covers his beloved pigeons in depth . I agree with him that all the different types of pigeons we see today probably came from one ancestor of the pigeon . This is called variation of kind . We see this in just about every living creature and flora . The problem arises when the next step is taken , the rise of one species turning into another -LRB- reptile to bird -RRB- . Throughout the book Darwin does admit to this fact , but he still maintains that it must be , with much difficulty.There is no doubt there is a tremendous amount of work that went into his book . It is a difficult read . I would rather have read the dictionary . One does need to know his enemy . Darwin is not the originator of `` evolution . '' There are many who came before him , since the dawn of time . He was influenced by numerous men of his time , some being more radical . Darwin was nothing new , he just maid it `` hip . '' What he started has turned into the secular humanism the world has adopted . I do n't think he meant for this disease to spread like it has . From his writings I understand him as an agnostic , but doubtful . I believed he struggled with the possibly of a deist . It is safe to say it was his only ambition till his dying day to prove `` evolution '' as proof of our existence . What of the missing fossil record ? , he new they would be found . He was a confusing man .150 years later and there still has been no intermediate fossils found to prove the case . In fact we are discovering more that validates creation.The theory of evolution caused Darwin to loose his faith and his experience has been repeated in countless lives . Evolution is an acid that eats away at the mind , a cancer.One only needs to open the pages to Michael Behe 's book , `` Darwin 's Black Box '' , to understand the futility of the evolutionary theory . The engines of life at the molecular level are so complex that there leaves no other possibility than a creator of the universe . There should be no excuse.Wish you wellScott
 The true title that Darwin gave this thesis is
 Many people do n't realize that there are many flaws with the theory of evolution . And that Darwin was not in fact a naturalist on the Beagle ... BUT the captain 's companion . In addition to that we have found NO evidance of one species evolving to another.A creature such as Homohabilus is actually thought to be a combination of other bones put together ... meaning that it is not real . It is a made-up creature that people have made themselves believe real to support their ideas without actual scientific evidence.I believe that Darwin 's theory is wonderful , but people have to be more open-minded and not believe everything they read or hear .
 `` race , in his era , was basically the equivalent of a subspecies '' -LRB- to quote `` Stan '' quoting Darwin -RRB- . Is that what you do ? Take one sentence from a book and take text out of context ? You 're right . That 's what the rest of the book is for ... to surmise for oneself how the word is used throughout the book rather than in a single sentence . And Darwin 's book was published at the height of slavery , so you can sugarcoat it however you 'd like , but it is what it is
 While this story is truly an essential writing of Dostoevsky , it lacks the appropriate context to be read as sold in this copy . If you are interested in reading `` The Grand Inquisitor '' without reading the rest of The Brothers Karamazov , I would recommend the Guignon edition , sold for only a little more . This work includes the two chapters preceeding `` The Grand Inquisitor '' as well as what Dostoevsky intended as the refutation for this tale , `` The Russian Monk , '' which follows this legend . Dostoevsky did not intend for this to be separated from the book as a whole , but I think it could be legitimately done when read with a little more context than is present in this copy . Additionally , this alternate edition includes a very complete introduction by Charles Guignon , which is much more informative than the brief one by Anne Fremantle provided in this copy.It is important to remember that `` The Grand Inquistor '' was not Dostoevsky 's final answer in The Brothers Karamazov . Reading this edition alone provides a flawed view of both Dostoevsky 's writing and philosophy and The Brothers Karamazov.I would recommend reading the book as a whole instead -LSB- and I particularly recommend the Pevear and Volokhonsky translation for that
 I do n't see how you can isolate `` The Grand Inquisitor '' chapter from the novel in which it is situated , The Brothers Karamazov . I think that knowing who is telling the story , who he is telling the story too , what the story means to each of these people , and what the consequences of what the Grand Inquisitor have to say , are ALL important ; important because it is a great novel and important in understanding the grand inquisitor !!!!!!! My suggestion
 How would it have been if Christ had shown up at the Spanish Inquisition?This has interesting possibilities but , it was not really developed to its full potential .
 Some of the insights seemed interesting , but the author seems to have difficulty focusing on what it is , he 's actually doing / writing about.Book goes back and forth and never seems to develop a solid purpose . Plus it needed to be proofread and seriously edited .
 This `` work '' done by Campbell is the poorest excuse for ecological literature , I have ever read . His idea of confronting real environmental issues concerning the Klamath Marshes amounts to his own unthoughtful , unpractical , and inane ramblings which he so inaccurately calls `` meditations '' . I hope that this publication was funded by himself , because if it was financed by a publishing company they were greatly robbed.Instead of producing a coherent work , the reader is forced to endure hearing about his -LRB- the author 's -RRB- past . -LRB- This guy has a `` Christ '' complex . -RRB- I 'd compare reading this book with the job of a pyschiatrist listening to their patient . Of course , the reader is n't being paid to hear this personal diatribe.After I finished forcing myself to read this book , I felt that my time had been completely and utterly wasted . There was very little if anything valuable to extract from the `` meditations '' . In actuality this book is a compilation of the thoughts from a no-body who has delusions of grandeur . I say this because he actually tries to credit himself with birthing some type of mystical and magical experience which has been done much better by other authors before him , and as future authors will far exceed . The only portions of this book worth reading were the quotations taken from other writers who actually are WORTH reading ! Please do n't waste your time on this dull , pseudo-religious `` book '' . As for the author , I think time would be better-spent seeking psychiatric help or admitting himself into a mental institution . Too many skeletons in this guys closet ! In the end this is just another European-Extract -LRB- with an identity crisis -RRB- who ignorantly & arrogantly believes that he can understand the spirituality behind lands that were stolen!As I 've seen in other critical reviews I 'd ask amazon to include a scale that has degrees of positive AND negative stars . This would definately deserve a -5 rating . This book is sort of an attempt at an inept poet who 's trying to wax theosophical and be poetic . Real poetry of this genre is found in the wonderous work of Whitman . The only practical use for this text ? I 'd recommend shredding it and using it in envelope padding , or the bottoms of hamster cages .
 I read this book and it was extremely boring . The author enjoys talking about himself , most of which is uninteresting . He enjoys talking about his swimming in the waters naked . Yuck !
 Being a silent member of the NY vamp scene , I have taken the time to read a book . Yes vampires do read . and apparently they write too , or would like to think so . The role of the capitalist is taking over our country and we have nothing sacred any more . I believe the pitiful attempt to write a guide to an underground scene , that should have no guide , has been vastly unsccucessful . This book has obviously been designed to entertain the Marlyn Manson generation -- a book to appease the lost and miscreant yout of our modern society . What we have here is just another bible for a wanna-be modern cult leader . You too can become a vampyre just by going to your local teeni-trend store and picking up a book . Well I guess we asked for it , the shepard falls asleep and the wolf will lead our children away . The distruction of a beautiful society was inevitable I guess , but then again people will find a way to pervert anything . If you want a story about real vampires do n't read this book . If you want to be accepted by real vampires do n't read the book . An undergorund society is not something you can be accepted to just by wearing a cheap necklace and reading a poorly written book . I guess this is just one more disillusionment of the world , and another killing stroke for the vampire community
 This is a Sad attempt at turning a dollar I purchased this book in the attempt to learn something about the Gothic Culture but as it turns out it is nothing but Self Righteous people creating an alternate life to escape thier mundane lives .
 This author 's over-reliance on historic photographs -- without any explanation about how the photos were taken , used and then later retrieved -- is very confusing to well-intentioned history students .
 this book is just another example of the blame game ... nobody takes responsibility for their own actions ... could n't it be your father was a jerk before he went to the war ... i do n't doubt that the war had a profound effect on them , but so did the depression in which most of them grew up ... my father was in the war , saw allot of combat , was at the liberation of a concentration camp , and came home and raised his family with love and kindness . he did n't feel like he needed to psychoanalyze the whole experience ... he shielded his kid 's from the war because it was ugly and talked about it only with his fellow soldiers ... what 's so wrong with that ...
 The beginning of the book has some interesting concepts which are unfortunately underdeveloped in the book . The focus seems to be on highly paranoid individuals , their symptoms , and examples of them . The later part of the book merely rattles off stories of notable people without fully discussing the paranoid features . Additionally , the typos and writing style lead me to think that there was little care put forth in producing this book.I bought this book for the purposes of finding out more about paranoia because some people close to me are sufferers . This book did not help me in my quest for more insightful information .
 Certainly one of the most puerile , self-serving , and monotonous uses to which words have ever been put.Go back to your lit crit day job , Mr. Lentricchia . There 's no future for you in real writing !
 As a Russian born in St. Petersburg , I admire Peter the Great . I have read many books on him ; some were terrific , and some were not . Unfortunately , this book was the latter.The author did a very good job portraying Peter the tyrant
 This book is not what it seems . It is really just a re-telling of regional fairytells and fables and not a very well editted ones as that . I down loaded lots of these different `` color '' of fairy books . I scanned 2 or 3 and all were simular . Then I erased them all . You can see why they are free . Just a waste of space on my Kendal .
 If ever the saying `` You ca n't judge a book by its cover '' rang true , it never did more so then in the case of this one . Davis Miller is a hack and should be sued for false advertising . This is Davis Miller 's story , not Ali 's . The author manages to spend some time with Ali , though we really have to take his word that he even ever did that , and pastes those experiences into his own biography . I met Evander Holyfield in Nashville some years back , posed for a picture with him , and talked with him for a while . So I think I will write the biography of my life and slap Holyfield 's photo on the cover and sell some books . This is basically what Miller does with this pathetic attempt to make a buck as a writer . This book has little to do with Ali other than Miller visiting with him on a few occasions . His chance meeting with Ali is merely the highpoint in what is a pathetic and loser of a life . Even in his late 30 's Miller is sponging off his `` daddy , '' as he calls him , -LRB- and what real man calls his father `` daddy '' and even kisses him on the lips ? -RRB- and ca n't even keep a job . His wife dumps him for the loser he is , and I suppose the best he gets out of his life is this book , which is nothing less than a deceptive joke . I expected this book to be chock full of the wisdom , wit and philosophical insights of Muhammad Ali , but what I got instead was the biography of Davis Miller , a most boring and uneventful story . This book should come with a pack of matches so you can burn it before wasting your time .
 I agree with the above . This book is more about miller than Ali . This was one big ego trip for the author
 It bothers me to think how much money Mr. Miller and his publishers have made from this lame effort with a grossly misleading title.Firstly , this book is as much if not more so about Mr. Miller rather than exclusively about Mr. Ali . I purchased this hoping to read about Mr. Ali , the name in the title , NOT Mr. Miller ; I have zero interest in hearing his life story . A completely misleading title in that respect , to be sure ... Secondly , the concept that is implied in the title is that the reader will be exposed to the Tao essence of Mr. Ali . Personally I found far too little of this in the writing , so I would say the title is misleading on this account.Finally , I found Mr. Miller 's style irritating to the point of distraction . If you are in search of a very poor Norman Mailer retread , you will disagree with me .
 Dr. Leonard &#8217; s analysis of &#8220; the controversy &#8221; in the SBC earlier is , in contrast to Jerry Sutton 's excellent `` The Baptist Reformation '' , disingenuous . Like Sutton , Leonard admits to a certain bias . But unlike Sutton , Leonard &#8217; s book is not nearly as fully documented ; he does not allow the other side to speak for itself , and he tries to make two absurd claims about the nature of the SBC
 Hija de un legendario banquero Europeo . Esposa adorada de John Henry , fabuloso banquero internacional , un hombre cuya vida llegaba al ocaso cuando la de ella apenas empezaba a despuntar . Rafaela amaba a su marido con todo el alma ... amaba al hombre que John Henry habia sido anta & ntilde ; o , antes de que un ataque de apoplejia lo convirtiera en un patetico despojo humano.Entonces , en la vida de Rafaela irrumpio Alex , joven , varonil , y tan rutilante como la promesa de un ma & ntilde ; ana feliz . Atrapada por su pasado , cautiva , como una mariposa en su capullo de riquesa y poder , Rafaela anhelaba una vida de ternura y risas . Podia atreverse a so & ntilde ; ar con semejante dicha ? Podia atreverse a so & ntilde ; ar con Alex?Rafaela tampoco habia previsto la perfidia de Kay , la ambiciosa hermana de Alex. Kay odiaba a Rafaela , pues esta le habia quitado el cari & ntilde ; o de su hija Amanda , adolescente traumatizada por una violacion . Para reconquistar a su hija , Kay estaba dispuesta a destruir el idilio clandestino . Una novela un poco aburrida y demasiado fantasiosa .
 And lo ' my children , the lord said unto thee that ... wait a moment ... this is the modern age why am I talking like a medieval preacher ? Maybe that 's because the profoundly stupefying effect that The Viccar of Wakefield by Oliver Goldsmith had on me.The story starts off in a monotone text voice and goes on like that for the entire one hundred ninety nine pages , give or take a few pages depending on version . The story follows a preacher and his family as they fall from grace into poverty . A merchant steals all the money that Viccar Primrose has invested , leaving them poor and forcing them to move out from their home in Wakefield . The book continues and follows the family 's trials and tribulations.This book was extraordinarily hard to read , I would not recommend it to anyone that is not a college level English student , and even then only at your own risk . No words are in quotes , the fourth wall is broken constantly , and the main character just preaches what the author thinks about everything . It is probably one of the hardest books I have ever read , and I am a junior English major in college.The characters are amazingly flat , the plot has some redeeming qualities though . The plot shows how the people of the time lived , had fun , and loved ; not to mention how mothers regarded their children . The ending though was so ... contrived that it ruined whatever interest the main story had.All in all , this story was a waste of time . If you want to learn how things worked in that age , there are plenty of stories that are easier to read , much more accurate , and have less author interruption then this book . Its negatives greatly outweigh its positives , so unless you have to read it , stay away .
 Oh well , sometimes you get the bear and sometimes the bear gets you . Reading the classics can be boring as this classic illustrates . Goldsmith should have kept to poetry and left the novel alone else he would not have produced this mess in the form of a philosophical romance , a loosely constructed story held together by ideas . Rasselas -LRB- Johnson -RRB- and Candide -LRB- Voltaire -RRB- are much better and worth a look . Meanwhile why bother with a story wherein the hero moves episodically from security through trials to the discovery that happiness and what truths we may grasp lie at home and in the human breast . The ideas are quaint and silly . The writing stylized and artificial . The characters impossible . The plot preposterous . You have better things to do with your time - like sleep .
 Holy god , do n't buy this book . It is intensely bad and over-appreciated . 1000 words can not even begin to do justice to the extent of this book 's worthlessness.Clearly , 18th Century vernacular is a hurdle in any book , but I doubt Garrison Keillor could rework this story into something bearable . The story is an exercise in description and banality . There is virtually no inertia or direction to the plot , and characterization is hopelessly shallow.Seriously , do n't get this book . I 'm warning you . I love great literature , and I hate this book . Ok ... `` hate '' is a little rough , but I really , really do n't like it . Try something more enjoyable ; like stapling your hand to your eyelid.Ok , just so I have not wasted all your time , read anything by Wilde or Kafka instead . Read some freaking Mark Twain , for goodness sake . Just lay off the Goldsmith .
 Very boring . The images are super repetitive and did n't hold my little ones interest at all . Very disappointed and returned it .
 The book is a hard cover and very old edition . I had to return it to the seller and bought a 9th edition that is required for the course work . I expect a refund of my money even though the seller claimed a 20 % of it . There was no indication that the item was that old in the seller 's description .
 I have used this book since the first edition and am very disappointed in this revision . The info I was looking for was either superficial and incomplete , very poorly written , or missing entirely . For example , there is nothing listed about : a -RRB- . Using a NIOSH-approved respirator in airborne precautions or a surgical mask in droplet precautions . This content is confusing and implies a surgical mask should be used for both types of precautions , which is a risky practice . It seems like this is an important differentiation to make.b -RRB- . Caring for patients with conditions for which alcohol hand cleaners should not be used -LRB- such as C. difficile , Norovirus , those spread by spores -RRB- c -RRB- . Tertiary syphilis being noninfectious ; it seems like the nurse may need to know this.d -RRB- . Domestic violence is not covered ; again this is something the nurse needs to recognize . A few paragraphs would have been sufficient.e -RRB- . Factitious disorder , Munchausens , Munchausen 's by proxy . Again , a few paragraphs would suffice.f -RRB- . Infection control information on standard precautions , transmission-based precautions , and Clostridium difficile is either inadequate or absent.g -RRB- . The section on checking tube feeding placement and checking pH of the aspirate is deficient/incompleteh -RRB- . Information on heel pressure ulcers is also inadequate or absent.i -RRB- . In 1991 , the American Spinal Cord Association asked health professionals to stop using the term `` quadriplegia , '' and replace this word with `` tetraplegia , '' for uniformity and consistency with the rest of the world . -LRB- The US is the only country that uses quadriplegia . -RRB- This recommendation has been published and available for 16 years , yet the term `` tetraplegia '' does not appear in the book.I recognize that some RNs may not need this information . However , nursing students and LPN/LVNs depend on this book for information that meets the standard of care . I also recognize that Lippincott has branched this book off into numerous subtitles , probably to increase profitability . However , the missing information is so basic -LRB- and in some instances , potentially dangerous to the nurse and patient -RRB- that it belongs in the primary book , even if it is only an introduction and referral to another source.Generally speaking , I am very disappointed with this revision and the deteriorating quality of LWW 's books in general .
 I bought this book , used , from a link to the 2009 edition and they sent me a copy from 1974 . Double check what you are buying because I 'm pretty sure the 1974 edition is essentially worthless to me since nursing practice has changed a little bit in the last 40 years .
 I was disappointed in this product in that it did n't show the date of the book . To find out the book was printed in the 70 's . It was cool to look at but the seller needs to show the date of the book . I was looking for a newer version .
 Where is Malloy getting his values from ? I remember when he had Comics Values Monthly , the values were right on . But now it seems like he just pulls prices out of thin air . If you want to determine a fair value for your comics , look elsewhere .
 This book was given to me by a friend , and as I read it I became more and more curious why someone would even write a book with titles like
 I am inclined to disagree with the instructor whose post precedes mine . I would actually describe this text exactly opposite from what this instructor said , and I will describe why , and will include many other drawbacks as well.Firstly , the book is heavily bulked up with extremely IRrelevant stories that do not even remotely qualify as case studies , and which the student can not possibly have time to read when there is a plethora of real information to be learned . This reading comes across as story time for elementary school students . There is also a very notable lack of diseases mentioned and described , although these can be found in numerous other sources anyway . Further , I do not care for the organization of the book . Some things are nicely organized in to lists or charts , while other important vocabulary , definitions , concepts , and especially pictures , which belong grouped together are spread out over multiple pages , mixed in with other text . On that note , some pictures are very poor to begin with - not properly or thoroughly representing the item . Because of these combined issues of organization and story time , this book is probably close to 100 pages longer than it needs to be , which is undesirable for an already large book.There is a great amount of terms and info which is nowhere to be found in either the index or the glossary - this is a particularly significant problem . I have looked things up on dozens of occasions that I know are in the text , only to be unable to find it in the index or glossary . The companion book software -LRB- not the ADAM software , which is excellent -RRB- , is absolutely useless - grossly lacking in detail , and missing huge areas of information.Lastly , and most importantly , I have found a number of mistakes and contradictions in the text . this is common for any science textbook , but is especially unacceptable in an anatomy and physiology book , for numerous obvious reasons . My own professor has expressed some of these same concerns bout this book , and neither she nor the majority of the lab teaching assistants use this text for personal use.I have earned an A in the anatomy class at a university , and did it while casting this book aside about 1/2 way through the semester . The two software programs , ADAM 4.0 & Anatomy & Physiology Revealed , in addition to lecture and lab materials , as well as the internet , should be enough to ace this class at almost any school without using this book . Use your money on a different text . Proper knowledge of health care related subjects such as A&P ; is too important to the student to be relying on a book with as many problems as this one has.The only redeeming aspect of this book is that I believe that it was bundled with the ADAM software , which can be bought separately for about 50-60 % the cost of the text by itself - this software is highly recommended.I would also note that I have nothing to compare this book to , so I am judging it on its own merits .
 Ethelberta is not a book I would recommend to most people , and certainly not to someone who has never read Hardy . The novel is tediously written and lacks the depth pervasive in other works set in the country . Only in the last hundred or so pages did the story become engrossing . Why then did I continue reading ? Deriving some measure of enjoyment from this book requires that the reader look at it as an example of Hardy 's development as an author . The scholarly introduction and notes provide explanations that help with this analysis and make the novel more interesting .
 Somewhat disappointing . a cookbook without pictures is like a coloring book without crayons . The recipes were redundant , I 'm glad it was available at no cost .
 Nothing new , nothing special ! Being free makes it good for reference for the novice cook , but if you are looking for more , you will be sadly disappointed .
 If I had had to pay for this , I 'd be returning it . Impractical and old-fashioned , with ingredients I 've never heard of or have no way of finding . Mace ? Turtle ? REALLY ?
 I love to cook and I love to make soups but basically this book was unimaginative and uninspiring . Also hard to read in the Kindle version .
 This book is not for the modern kitchen.The Chicken soup recipe starts with `` Take three young Male chickens ... `` The Mock Turtle Soup starts out `` Take half a calf 's head , with the skin on
 When I was a second year graduate student , I remember this book being recommend in the Editors Recommend section of Scientific American . I loaned out a copy and read the book over the weekend . Unlike some readers , I was not angered . Quite the opposite , I was genuinely amused and had confirmed what I already knew about women , namely that they are primarily left-hemispherical thinking people , mistaking their `` in the box '' cosmos for the universe at large . One only needs to look at the fields that place heavy demand on broad ratiocination and multivariate contingency thinking . Men dominate in those fields , such as engineering , computer science , and business to name a few . Women are comparatively rare . Even in physics and computer science , in which much has been spent in government funding to increase female enrollment , women do not pursue these fields . Often women get flustered in trying to focus their attention on tasks that have a multitude of components . Compared to men , women are not as apt to attenuate their mental efforts while simultaneously keeping a global perspective . A case in point is object oriented programming . A programmer must have a global understanding and vision of the task while concurrently being highly focused on the modular aspects of the program , seeing how each component synergistically fits together . If you 've ever taken a programming course , you will undoubtedly have noticed that the female student body had a much harder time grasping these global and locally-integrative methods and struggled at programming tasks noticeably more than their male counterparts . The difference can not be owed to a sexist dichotomy in teaching the sexes . It is clearly biological in origin . Another area where similar observation is made is in strategy games , which too place heavy burden on players to be highly focused yet have a very broad , highly contingency-based thinking , and a global breadth in both time and space . Such a game is chess , and men innately excel over women at this game by orders of magnitude . Even in the most rapidly expanding areas of scientific thinking where paradigm shifts are needed , in which seeing a new pattern or integrating synergistically facts with new understandings is required , men excel over women in this capacity . Genomics is one such field , in which men out number women tremendously in terms of contributions , even though biology as a whole is the most balanced field of science in terms of gender and in which contributions to this field can be literally made by anyone having access to the internet to access publicly accessibly databases . This is not to say there are no great female scientists or women who excel in math and science and have natural inclinations towards these area -LRB- I know because I am dating one -RRB- . Comparatively , however , they are much more rare than men with such talents . As a whole , women see the world in a far more limiting fashion and often present their opinions as observations or , worse yet , as facts . They mistake their range of their thinking for the whole in a given area of consideration and seldom can think outside the proverbial box in a paradigmatic right-brained fashion . It 's important to see the forest from the trees , but it is also important to recognize that the forest behaves qualitatively differently than the proverbially trees alone can account . Lastly , I find it interesting that some recent female authors such as Fisher and Natalie Angier -LRB- Woman
 It should be kept in mind that Helen Fisher is an anthropologist-not a neuroscientist . Moreover she is not part of the graduate faculty ; rather she only holds a researcher 's post at Rutgers . In academia she is widely regarded as something of a joke , presenting herself as an authority of a vast number of subjects . Many will have undoubtedly seen her making her appearances on many TV shows , such as 20/20 where her wonderful expertise on size-related issues on male genitalia and breast size can be found in such highly academic credited journals like Glamour and Cosmo . That alone speaks of the legitimacy of her `` expertise . `` Fisher is a woman with an ax to grind . She ludicrously present her rubbish nonsense as being concerned for `` equality , '' a lofty term often claimed by feminists like Fisher who clearly house a most tendentious thinking and desire to see a host of ridiculous role-reversals between the sexes.A reviewer has already commented on this , but it is worth reiterating . Fisher seems to be suffering or still dealing with women being sexually appraised by men . She talks about `` quality '' but then claims that women 's economic status will trump man 's and give women more sexual liberty . She predicts women will cheat just as much -LRB- if not more -RRB- than men and that women are no longer in need of man economically . Yet she concludes with monogamous relationship will be the rule . Somewhere the logical coherence unraveled.But then again , there was no real logical foundation . Fisher is starting with a desire to see the world though the fantasia of the 1970 's feminists style thinking that she was exposed to when a student . She is sadly off the market on so many topics , concerning sex and cognitive gender differences.The truth is that there is no equality aside from equal opportunity . Men , as a whole , will always excel over women . Men are fundamentally wired to be more concerned for ideas and things than women . It is what drives them , and consequently what drives society forward . All of history is testament to this , in which men have ruled . Fisher proposes some far-fetched , ridiculous explanation of why this is the case , but asserts that now women are poised to take over that dominant role.But she has it wrong-yet again . She argues that women are more contextual , holistic , integrative thinkers . The skills that she claims women have would then be more `` right-brain . '' A few reviewers have made mention of this as well , but in fact men -LRB- as a whole -RRB- are more right-brained compared to women . It is in fact men that are the more contextual , central thinkers.A reviewer made mention of the May 2005 issue of Scientific American that contains an article on research that now shows men are indeed more right-brain dominant and more synergistic thinkers , in which disparate piece of information are integrated to formulate a contextual mental framework . Women in contrast are more individual discrete , detail orientated thinkers , in which the disparate pieces have more weight instead of the relational context between notions.But research a decade earlier had already shown this . Brain Sex
 is this a joke ? Helen Fisher puts on her estrogenial klan hat and takes ridiculous stabs at the male population in a flurry of one sided hilarity , buy this book if you want a laugh or are insecure in your femininity and need an fantasy shot , otherwise steer FAR AWAY from this title . personally , I felt dirty after reading this book , I boiled myself in a giant pot of water to cleanse the perpetuated filth
 I have to admire what Ms. Fisher was trying to do . Just before this book was released a lot of women magazines ran short articles about the superiority of women that had some men sort of worried . However , when the book was published the guys took a great sigh of relief . Bascially , Ms. Fisher went about it all the wrong way and ended up writing a book that 's really nothing more than a bunch of wishful thinking on her part . Fisher states a lot of things that had me saying `` okay , that may be true , now back it up with the facts . '' If you 're interesting in this sort of topic -LRB- and you should be ! -RRB- check out Ashley Montagu 's `` The Natural Superiority of Women '' it 's out of print for some unknown reason , but you 'll be able to find a copy somewhere . This guy really says it the way it is and and backs it up with proven facts . Amazing stuff when you realize that it was written by a guy .
 Psychobabble . For Ms Fisher 's theories to have any validity , human brains would have to be hard wired like salamanders . ALL men thinking one way and ALL women thinking another . All human beings are individuals with individual talents and abilities.The idea that women have unique talents in verbal expression flies in the face of history . How would Helen Fisher explain Shakespear , Dostoyevsky , James Joyce , or thousands of other male communicaters ? And where IS this evidence of superior female abilities at communication ? They do n't exist . If there are differences between the male and female brains , it is a difference in style and nuance , not the determanist gulf that she postulates . Every one of her points can be easily be refuted through common experience . Helen Fisher 's book is radical feminist agit-prop in the guise of scientific analysis .
 ... this book is rather horrendous in its relentlessly cheery women-are-so-much-better-than-men-at-what-really-matters attitude . I could barely make it through the first couple of dozen pages ; it was that unbelievable . I 'd even say it was so bad that she lost me in the first three pages with her statements about `` The Second Sex '' . -LRB- If you do n't buy what she says about that you may as well save your time and stop there . -RRB- And what 's worse is that it 's like this from wall to wall , as I discovered when I started jumping around , chapter to chapter , trying out the topics that most interested me , until I 'd pretty much read the whole thing -- in utter amazement that anyone could think this way.As a scientist I 'm prepared to listen to reasoned and complex arguments , but Fisher usually just states her conclusions about things as if she 'd recently come down from the mountain with The Tablets of Truth and expects us to believe it all even though common sense and experience tells us that a lot of what she says is just plain nonsense . What `` evidence '' she presents is all one-sided -LRB- things are rarely that simple -RRB- and meant only to lead to a predictable point . There 's no place in this book for any caveats , much less the reader who may ask `` but wait , what about _____ ? '' It 's not on Fisher 's radar screen . She does n't seem to get it . -LRB- Just like a woman ... -RRB- If you 're looking for subtle , unexpected , and profound truths , you wo n't find any in this book ... `` The First Sex '' is nothing but a huge embarassment . It should be a scandal that such a book came out of a mainstream publisher from someone with a position -LRB- and a PhD -RRB- at what one would have thought was a reputable institution . I suppose it 's a sign that academia is n't what it once was.I 'll give it 1/2 - 1 star above the minimum because the chapters on dating/mating actually were n't terrible , not that they were all that great either .
 This is the most worthless waste of paper I have ever laid my eyes on . To say that behavior is biological is to say that human beings are software driving bodies . Women and men behave the way they do because of SOCIALIZATION and there is only minimal impact from normal physical differences -LRB- insanities are excepted , as they are aberrations -RRB- .
 What 's the point ? To seperate men from women to the point we are no longer in contact with one another except to reproduce?Men are a useless species , it 's the message she is sending out to the masses and it is very evil.Men are the enemy , and so very thick according to her ` studies ' so to render them to the sidelines of sperm doner and bridge builder.And women ca n't build a bridge , let alone draw one.Women are religated to the verbal and emotional side . `` Natural commicators '' ? She has given women quite a load , especially since many women do not fit her pattern of what she believes a woman IS .
 This book makes it clear that Helen Fisher hates men . If a man wrote a book like this from the male perspective , he would be justly crucified by the media . This book is a blow to the good reputation of the Anthropology Department at Rutgers University , where she was apparently employed at the time of publication . I would like to say something positive about the book , in order to balance out some of the negatives , but I ca n't think of anything except maybe that it is a good addition to the library of anyone who collects the works of notable bigots . In short , a truly horrible book .
 In response to the reviewer below that is alleging people were being `` abusive '' to Fisher , I think he didnt read the book . I did and honestly I think these reviwers were being rather kind . If anything , given what we know some six years later since the publication of the book now and in light of greater advances in brain imaging and neuroscience , where it is not speculation as Fisher was gambling on , but rather real data and science , women are not the `` holistic '' or `` integrative '' or whatever synonymous term you can think to describe `` multitasking . '' This idea that women are inherently superior in `` multitasking '' has been around for a while and I think lots of women really buy into it . Sure there are some women that can multitask but most suck at it and even those that can do it , you notice a marked depreciation of the quality of the output.There is more than very strong evidence to support that men have a superior ability of integrating disparate information and focus more clearly for a longer time on a complex tasks . This is one of the reasons why men out perform women in math and science . As for multitasking , look at the most successful women out there today . From being CEOs to running home spun businesses , while still feminine and women , these women 's winning attributes are those more traditionally held and accredited to men . Consider for exmaple the self-made millionaire , author and personal-finance guro Suze Ozman . In the January 16 , 2006 issue of Time magazine -LRB- page 76 -RRB- , she writes
 Being open-minded , I tried to read my girlfriend 's copy of this . When a man reads how women 's `` superior creativity is going to change society '' , you ca n't help but laugh and anticipate the upcoming comedy . Unfortunately , the writing is so condenscending , elitist , and insecure I could n't even manage a grin.Ms . Fisher tell us women `` are contextual thinkers to a far greater degree than men ... Women are far more talented than men . '' Next , let 's examine the Title one more time . `` The Natural Talents of Women and How They Are Changing the World '' . Now let 's look at reality . Every Fortune 500 company was started by a man . Every major invention furthering civilization in the last 200 years was thought of and created by a man . Been blind to facts and jealous with rage may be the catalyst for writing a good fictional read for fellow man-haters , but to any rational reader , this book is impossible to get past the first chapter . Now go shut up , and go make me a sammich .
 If you are a mom do n't waist your time reading this book . To Ms. Fisher we are just little women with little fingers . To her your self worth is shown by what job you hold in this world and being a stay at home mom is not one with much worth . We all know that men and women have different talents . That is why men are men and women are women . Boring book .
 In reference to the reviewer below who states that men are more `` right-brained '' thinkers , it is interesting to note that modern science is now demonstrating this is true . The May , 2005 issue of Scientific American discusses how men have a more active right-amgydala compared to women , in which men tend to be more central or integrative thinkers . Women in contrast tend to be more left-amgydala dominant , which is more concerned with finer-detailed aspects of cognitive processes . Experiments using the drug Propranolol have shown this striking differences between the sexes . This fits well with experience , where in conversation women tend to focus much more on details that seem superfluous to men who want it put into a context . For men , the `` gist '' is what is most important . Thus , in direct contradiction to Fisher 's claim , it is men that are more the contextual , holistic thinkers.Another interesting find is that women have a markedly higher orbitofrontal-to-amygdala ratio compared to men . The finding suggest that women on average might be able to then reign in their emotions better than men . This might very well be true , particularly when it comes to violent impulses . For other everyday encounters , however , it would seem judging at the rate of faux pas and other social effronteries committed by both sexes that neither gender seems particularly suited in reigning in less-than-desirable emotions . Given how some companies have had to actually have their human resource departments develop so-called `` bully broad '' programs , or anger-management for women managers , it would seem women do not have as an advantage the ability to control themselves emotionally . To be fair though , this might be more owed to the past trend of having looked the other way when a woman did something offensive because she was not a man , which normally would have gotten a man into trouble more readily.At the end of the day , however , when all is said and done , the differences between the sexes boils down to differences between individuals . I tend to think visually . I can not recall telephone numbers readily numerically but tend to recall them in terms of their geometric arrangement on the touchpad . You can say the number to me but it sometimes just does n't register until I see in down on paper and have it visually in my head . I can usually control my emotions but I am admittedly an over-emotional and passionate man when it comes to certain political or social stances and I am not at all shy in expressing myself forcibly when a wrong has been done . I can also be impatient when it comes to having to listen to the women in my life having to go through a laundry-list of details to get to the point , although I 've grown more tolerant of this as I 've gotten older and think it can be quite charming at times.In contrast , some of the women that have been personally involved in my life have run the gamut from proverbial `` tom-boys , '' who 've been keenly interested in mechanical workings and very visual thinkers as well , to women who 've proved an amalgam of just about every trite stereotype assigned to women . In short , we deal with people-individuals-not some nebulous average such as `` women '' or `` men '' said to then represent its individual members . This point and consideration was thoroughly lost by Fisher , who clearly proves she has a very strong agenda of seeing women ridiculously superior in virtually every realm over man.I do n't fault all women for this error in thinking however ; rather Fisher has proved that she is a very lef-amgydala dominant woman unable to see that holistic rich tapestry that is the human race in all its multivariate ways and capacities .
 I expected more from Helen Fisher . This book was poorly written , and is biased . I think it 's fine to acknowledge the differences between men and women , in fact I 'd like to see more discussion about this , especially the biological aspects . But why not show how both sexes have strengths and weaknesses , and how they compliment each other ? Instead Fisher fills page after page claiming that women are superior at almost every task , and in most cases provides supporting arguments that are weak . Talents of males are mentioned as an afterthought . And of course in the 21st century the supposedly limited skill set of males will no longer be needed . I suppose many female readers will eat this up , but discrimination is discrimination , no matter where it 's directed . The prose is quite choppy , kind of surprising , given the innately superior language abilities of women . She must have had a male editor .
 Ca n't figure out how I pulled myself through this bookwithout becoming ill.Fisher is preachy , arrogant , sounds like a `` know it all '' inher rant about how her `` findings '' prove women have a morewell rounded , intuitive and emotional intellegence.What findings ? She lives and breathes pop psychology andpop science and lives for the all mighty dollar which sheknows will come her way , since America is at this timeobsessed with `` gender difference.In her small world , all behavior is hard wired in yourbrain.You brain dictates all behavior and your hormonesare the master of your destiny.She overlooks the fact thatwe develope our brains.A girl who plays with dolls willhave a very different brain structure from a girl whoplayed with spatial enhancing toys.Let 's face it , most girlsare raised in an overly protective environment in whichexploration is limited.Mix it with other culturallimitations on women and girls , and you will get women whoare significantly different in their behavior andaspirations from men.If a woman or girl has not had theserestraints placed upon her , she will have traits which mostpeople preceive as only a male domain.Her preachy writing is very annoying.She comes across assomeone who becomes insecure if she does n't feel correctat every turn.No , this is not women 's lib.There is nothing freeing aboutthe book.It 's agenda seems to be to dictate to women.To make them feel `` superior '' by `` proving '' their traitsoutweigh men 's `` gender specific traits '' in every way.Women are individuals , some are spatial , some verbal.Samewith men.To imply that every woman has fixed traits notonly hurts women 's chances in math , science and engineering , but also leaves a woman feeling she is limited by being awoman .
 I stand firm in my belief that both sexes contribute equally in nearly , if not , every way and aspect of human living and life . Women who think their sex race will one day conquer the Earth , or anything of that sort , speak , in my opinion , from an unfair stance . Obviously , that woman has not seen the many ways both man and woman contribute to life as we know it , and have known life throughout the history of humankind . Therefore , I suggest she take another look !
 Reading this self-congratulatory feminist manifesto , one gets the impression the author would have us believe women of the species have just parachuted into our midst rather than being our long-time companions down here on the planet of the -LRB- male -RRB- apes . Given their complicity in all the wonders & woes through recorded time , it 's only logical to attribute at least half-credit -LRB- and blame -RRB- for what humankind is and is becoming as due to their persisting and enduring influence over the eons . Yet here we find no such admissions of female culpability in the sorry state of the species . Instead , it seems to be exclusively males who have royally mucked things up so far . Yet , in the world according to Ms. Fisher , one must not despair , for all that will be changed as soon as women -LRB- the super sex -RRB- begin to come into their own . The reader is left with an uneasy impression this is all another thinly veiled sexist and virulently anti-male argument parading as social science a la Susan Faludi -LRB- `` Backlash '' and `` Stiffed '' -RRB- . In all this heady prose of feminist celebration one can almost hear the faint echoes of Helen Reddy 's feminist paean `` I Am Woman ' -LRB- Hear her roar ! -RRB- . Yet there is only anecdotal proof that any of what she purports is accurate or true of women in general , never mind that it will somehow ineluctably come to pass . For example , she boasts that women have `` natural '' talents males do not , and therefore are `` better suited '' biologically to excel at a whole range of complex social tasks than are males . This is n't a carefully couched scientific argument framed in terms of recognizing much wider individual variations within the female population itself than between males and females generally . Rather , it is argued as if it were a general sex-linked intellectual trait.Were I to argue the same thing about male math skills , natural aggression and violent tendencies , or leadership skills , I would be summarily shouted down and denounced as a reactionary sexist . Yet one finds no such recognition by the author that she is skating on the paper-thin ice of anecdotal supposition rather than on established scientific fact . Instead , she twists and turns her way through this hodge-podge of psychological , sociological , and biological data as though it were the dawning of the Age of Aquarius suddenly realized . A few sobering facts ; males behave the way they do at least partially because of the way they are raised , and women are largely in control of this socialization process . Have we seen much in the way of sensitivity , wisdom , or `` win-win '' success displayed here ? Hardly . If men are insensitive , unable to openly display their emotions , and distantly angry , women who raise them , sleep with them , and love them must share part of the blame.Judging by the performance of women in institutions where they are in the ascendency , such as at universities and medicine , emotionally-based political correct behavior has become the rule of the day . I was recently advised by a tenured female professor at a famous liberal arts college in western Massachusetts that the female caucus in her department was told to privately counsel any potential male PhD . candidates to refrain from wasting their time applying for teaching openings . Is this not blatant sex discrimination , deliberate prejudice of the first magnitude ? Evidently not , my friend explained lamely that the ladies just want more time to ` season ' the new female majority position within the department . And on and on.Furthermore , the evidence from the past indicates that omen throughout history like Cleopatra , Catherine the Great or Queen Elizabeth who have gained and wielded power have been quite as abusive in the use of that power as are men . This is not to suggest that women are any worst than men , or even the same as their male counterparts . But there is little proof that any of the giddy stuff she is supposing to be the wave of the future has any basis anywhere other than in her feminist fantasies . Thus , to suppose women are naturally superior healers , thinkers , communicators , and negotiators is just so much hot air escaping into the already supersaturated ozone layer.Men who have worked with women find them individually to be quite as arbitrary , capricious , selfish , and petty as the men they have labored under . Women who work for women are no more eager to celebrate their feminine superiors , but rather fear the personal consequences that the social , cultural , and politically-correct agendas many of their female supervisors harbor and use to separate the working wheat from the chaff . Like `` Backlash '' and `` Stiffed '' , this is a silly , superficial , and self-interested gambit to further a feminist agenda by trying to foist the intrinsically sexist notion that there are such well-defined and momentously broad-based gender differences so critical to the way we humans interact socially , economically , and politically as to portend the dawning of some hopped-up revolutionary situation . Avoid this book ; it is a waste of your time , energy , and money .
 I read this book twice because honestly my spatial brain could not handle all the fluid vague wording.This sort of book appeals to those who want to say their sex is better or worse at something , , It 's a coffee table book for those who want to spend hours a day discussing which sex is good at this or that.What honest value does this have in a society already beaming with hate , misunderstandings and frustrations.What good does this do for a woman who does n't have the characteristics meantioned in this book.The author makes an attempt to praize women , but what a way to praize us!We are all different , each woman is a unique human being , some of us have verbal gifts and some find math really easy , as myself , I find math easier.To the writer this means I have a male brain or I 'm fashioned somehow to that degree that I have male characteristics.Strange how women have been assigned verbal skills and men have been assigned spatial and math abilities by the Ivory Tower set.Makes me wonder sometimes.It 's just John Gray revisted , nothing more .
 The notion that genders posess competitive advantages is well known to anyone who understands cumulative evolution by selection . The premise that selection favours one gender over the other , or that it provides future advantages is at best speculative , at worst utter nonsense . Evolution does not , can not act with future consequences in mind . Gender differences are present because they were selected . Males competiveness relates to mating but can be carried to many other spheres . Woman 's advantage is less dynamic , more static , due to diminished requirement for mate competition . Most all else stems from these basic premises . The author tends to believe that the female strength will appreciate in the global economy . There is no reason to believe that competition for female mates will diminish in the future . Male 's will continue to expand their inherent strengths in a future where fertility will surely decline . The authors conclusions are arrived at through ideology rather than vision .
 As I was reading this book I felt the author 's premise was downright silly . She uses biological research to make incomplete and overly simplistic arguments to support her view that women are superior to men . I think she misjudged the reading public in taking what she - or the publishers - thought would be a popular political/social position that would sell books , especially to women . Honestly , I felt this book was so poor that I was too embarrassed to put it on my bookshelf .
 The title basically says what this book is all about . That men are biologically inferior to women at least in the world to come . Now believe it or not , being an `` inferior male '' like I am , I actually approached this book with an open mind and thougt that if worse comes to worse , it would just humble me a bit more . However as I began to read the book all I saw was a chauvinistic attitude in regard to the research that was really out there . She talks about how the female mind is more creative then the male mind by saying things like how she first noticed this by examining her boyfriends behavior and then goes ahead and presents very biased evidence -LRB- of female superiority -RRB- without mentioning the loads of evidence that go against her conclusions . There are many books out there such as `` Autism and Creativity
 I can not see what would make anyone want to read this book . The characters are so self centered and shallow . The casualness with which the characters drop into bed with one another and their total lack of regard for how their actions impact on others disgust me . I hope never to meet characters like this in real life . I doubt serioulsy if I 'll spend the time to read any other of Trollope 's books .
 It was alright I suppose . There was n't exactly a slow start but for me personally it took ages to actually get into the book . Overall the story was pretty catastrophic but I found the whole thing a bit dull and depressing . I did n't really like any of the characters , they were all so shallow but I know the plot was a display of human behaviour -LRB- at it 's worst ! -RRB- . Laurence was feeble , there was not enough insight into what he was thinking sometimes , especially when he decides to go back to Hilary . I 'm glad he went back to her though . I disliked the character , Gina -LRB- I know she 's just a character but still ... -RRB- she was really annoying and childish , she only wanted Laurence because she was lonely and had just been left by her husband . It 's so OBVIOUS why she wanted him again ! -LRB- Laurence -RRB- because there was no-one else and she felt rejected , why could n't Laurence see that ? It was NOT that thing of ` Oh we were MEANT to be together ! ' Yeah right , it was like this
 I had heard of Trollope before and when I got a gift certificate last summer for my birthday , I thought I would give her a try since I am enamored of all things English . I am slightly disappointed that this book is just ok ~ ~ not as riveting nor as compelling of a read as I had hoped . It 's entertaining enough to get through the whole book ~ ~ but it leaves with more questions than it 's worth.This book is about one marriage that falls apart , leaving the daughter in the center of the marital storm . Then her mother decides that she 's in love with her best friend , Laurence , whom she has known since she was a teenager . Laurence then embarks on an affair with Gina , leaving his family behind in a mass of confusion ~ ~ which also left me , the reader confused.I understand about affairs , love affairs , romances dying and marriages ending ~ ~ but this book barely skimmed the emotions of the characters involved . It barely even touched upon the damage of trust and the brokenness of promises and dreams . Even the affair between Gina and Laurence barely had any substance to it ~ ~ Sophy 's story was more relevant in this book and she 's just a confused daughter trying to find her place in the world . This book also has a touch of unreality to it as well ~ ~ a dreamland and so vague.It 's an ok novel ~ ~ I mean , I finished it , did n't I ? But it 's not enough of an opportunity for me to try Trollope again . Others might find this book riveting and compelling enough to read ~ ~ and I hope so . It 's just not my cup of tea , unfortunately.6-1-04
 This author was highly recommended to me by a friend with whom I share many similar reading tastes . Imagine my disappointment when I had to force myself to finish this book.The characters were not likeable and I could not care about them . Only Hillary evoked any sympathy from me . Gina and Sophy and Lawrence and Fergus all left me cold . I can not imagine a group of more unlovable characters all assembled in one novel . How could anyone feel for the spoiled , self-centered , uncaring Gina ? And how did she become this way ? She certainly did not grow up pampered and her mother Vi seems to be a caring person . Lawrence came across as dim-witted and totally controlled by his feeling-of-the-day . Because I could not care about these characters , I could not care about the repercussions of their adulterous shenanigans and will not be inspired to read anything else by this author .
 Gina and Lawrence are the main characters of the book . The were best friends in childhood and that friendship continues into adulthood . Both are married to other people and when Gina 's marriage ends she ends up in at Lawrences house being comforted in his arms . His wife is somewhat understanding but feels that Gina often outstays her welcome . Gina goes through every `` poor me '' emotion from the divorce and it gets obnoxiously annoying ! Will someone please write a book where the betrayed women moves on and becomes strong without having to virtually distroy her teenage childrens ' lives too ?!!! I wo n't go into detail of what happens next in case you decide to read this boring novel but let 's just say that it 's predictable , yet boring , with no really likeable characters . Very flatly written ! I give it 2 stars ...
 Methodologically , this Uzbek course is way back in the stone age . The entire book -LRB- and volume II -RRB- assumes that people learn language by learning language structures -LRB- i.e. , grammar -RRB- , not by knowing vocabulary and understanding the meaning of what they hear or read . The first chapters even introduce words based on the letters and order of the alphabet ! Students will learn such useless phrases as `` my father is a flutist '' from the outset , since in this book proper structure always takes precedence over useful language . This book is basically a descriptive grammar of Uzbek with some repetitious , mindless & meaningless exercises thrown in . It might be helpful to get this book as a reference grammar -LRB- even though even this is doubtful
 Especially one this uninformative , in their cubicle . I would be reluctant to TAKE money to put up this poster .
 This is NOT the foundation of modern anthropology . The reader from Oregon is absolutely right . It was considered a great work but is no longer held in such esteem . The idea that societies progressed from magic to religion is outdated . As Mary Douglas said , Frazer led comparative religion into a blind alley . Read something written in the last century if you want a real anthropological veiw .
 i bought this book to study about the mythology found in the Bible . bibilical critism is a much better source for my purposees .
 The Golden Bough is indeed a seminal work of early anthropology/folklore studies . However it 's no longer held in high esteem in these fields , and for good reason . The major problem with Frazer is his source use . He took citations grossly out of context and made no effort to determine how reliable they were.Moreoever he took myth literally , assuming that it was a distorted memory of actual events . If Pagan myths involved kings dying , then once upon a time Pagans must really have sacrificed their kings . By this ` logic ' , Christianity used to involve ritual cannibalism , since during the Eucharist believers eat the blood and body of Christ.The holiday information is extremely poor , too . Like many 19th century folklorists , Frazer assumed that any `` pagan-looking '' customs were indeed pre-Christian . He did * no * research in the history of the holidays , and as a result the Golden Bough contains grievous amounts of misinformation . -LRB- I say this as a medievalist who 's done significant amounts of research myself . -RRB- For example , Frazer was responsible for the tenacious myth that Halloween is a Christianized version of the Celtic Samhain , introduced by the Celtic Church . If you check early Irish martyrologies , you 'll find that the Celtic Church actually celebrated All Saints in April , not on Samhain . The October 31st date came from England and/or Germany , not the Celtic Church , making the connection between Samhain and Halloween somewhat obscure . Frazer assumes that Christmas trees are an ancient Pagan custom , when any historical research would reveal that the earliest mention of this custom comes from 16th century Germany.The Golden Bough has had a tremendous impact on Neo-Paganism and many of the theories are inspiring . For that , for its poetry , I give it credit . But it 's not a reliable work on Pagan history -- I 'd give Ronald Hutton 's _ Stations of the Sun _ a much , * much * higher grade for that .
 The Summit Class Press edition -LRB- Look at the copyright page in `` See Inside This Book '' -RRB- contains the complete text of Frazer 's own abridged version , but surprisingly this relatively expensive edition does n't contain an index . I returned my copy to Amazon and found a used Macmillan Publishing version that not only has an index , but which I think is a more attractive volume as well.Though Frazer 's abridged version dispenses with scholarly footnotes , an index seems vital for a book that will almost certainly be used as a reference . I ca n't imagine what Summit Class Press was thinking by issuing a copy of The Golden Bough without an index .
 Just as `` Origin of Species is misunderstood , I believe `` Descent '' to be also , although the latter is a more entertaining read . `` Descent '' fails to concentrate on man without deviating . It is a book of observations and study . It concentrates on how animal life , has , by sexual selection , brought forth the variety in the species we see today , through millions of years . Darwin covered his beloved pigeons in depth in `` Origins '' and continues at length on many other bird species in `` Descent '' . I agree with him that all the different types of birds we see today probably came from one ancestor of the pigeon . This is called variation of kind . We see this in just about every living creature and flora . The problem arises when the next step is taken , the rise of one species turning into another -LRB- reptile to bird -RRB- . Throughout the book Darwin does admit to this fact , but he still maintains that it must be , with much difficulty . He does hint to nature having some `` power of thought '' , where does this come from ? How does nature make these choices ? Why did Darwin focus so on the black tribes
 1 -RRB- The mechanism of natural selection among human beings : `` the races or species of men , whichever term may be applied , encroach on and replace one another , so that some finally become extinct `` 2 -RRB- The way natural selection operates : `` Extinction follows chiefly from the competition of tribe with tribe , and race with race . -LRB- ... -RRB- when of two adjoining tribes one becomes less numerous and less powerful than the other , the contest is soon settled by war , slaughter , cannibalism , slavery , and absorption . `` Make no mistake about it , all I did here was to distill the `` formal '' hypothesis from a book that 's supposedly science . By the quotations above from this book , Darwin 's version of Natural Selection theory stands or falls .
 Just as `` Origin of Species is misunderstood , I believe `` Descent '' to be also , although the latter is a more entertaining read . `` Descent '' fails to concentrate on man without deviating . It is a book of observations and study . It concentrates on how animal life , has , by sexual selection , brought forth the variety in the species we see today , through millions of years . Darwin covered his beloved pigeons in depth in `` Origins '' and continues at length on many other bird species in `` Descent '' . I agree with him that all the different types of birds we see today probably came from one ancestor of the pigeon . This is called variation of kind . We see this in just about every living creature and flora . The problem arises when the next step is taken , the rise of one species turning into another -LRB- reptile to bird -RRB- . Throughout the book Darwin does admit to this fact , but he still maintains that it must be , with much difficulty . He does hint to nature having some `` power of thought '' , where does this come from ? How does nature make these choices ? Why did Darwin focus so on the black tribes
 I think it is important to discuss the fact that Darwinism -LRB- and Eugenics -RRB- concludes the following -LRB- quote from the book -RRB- ; `` At some future period , not very distant as measured by centuries , the civilised races of man will almost certainly exterminate , and replace , the savage races throughout the world . At the same time the anthropomorphous apes , as Professor Schaaffhausen has remarked -LRB- 18 . ` Anthropological Review , ' April 1867 , p. 236 . -RRB- , will no doubt be exterminated . The break between man and his nearest allies will then be wider , for it will intervene between man in a more civilised state , as we may hope , even than the Caucasian , and some ape as low as a baboon , instead of as now between the negro or Australian and the gorilla . `` Darwinism concludes that races such as Africans are less evolved and should be exterminated so that the development of the superior races can continue unhindered.Therefore , racism is a logical , and morally justified consequence according to Darwin . One can not co-opt Darwinism and hold disagreement with the idea that mankind exists in various stages of development according to the theory of evolution . In order to guarantee the evolution of the species , the highest order of man should take it upon himself to ensure his survival at the cost of the lowest order of man.I am not a religious person by the way . I just wanted to point out that the theories of Darwin and his cousin SF Galton have led to some very dangerous consequences .
 This book is boring and idiotic.Only a fool would believe that our ancestors were gorillas . If you believe that we descended from gorillas and/or lizards , you probably also believe that The Earth revolves around the sun.The Earth is stationary , just like it seems . The sun revolves around The Earth , just like the moon -LRB- except hotter -RRB- . Use your noodle . It 's common sense.The Lord created The Earth -LRB- and the heavens -RRB- out of sawdust , clay , dinosaur bones , and mud . He did so in six days , and slept on the seventh day . This occurred 6000 or 7000 years ago . Evolution could not have occurred in such a short period of time.Wake up , you 've been duped .
 ----------- ----------- 1 -RRB- The mechanism of natural selection among people explained : `` the races or species of men , whichever term may be applied , encroach on and replace one another , so that some finally become extinct `` 2 -RRB- The way this encroachment until extinction occurs among people : `` Extinction follows chiefly from the competition of tribe with tribe , and race with race . -LRB- ... -RRB- when of two adjoining tribes one becomes less numerous and less powerful than the other , the contest is soon settled by war , slaughter , cannibalism , slavery , and absorption . `` 3 -RRB- The morality of Darwinism : `` The highest possible stage in moral culture is when we recognise that we ought to control our thoughts , and `` not even in inmost thought to think again the sins that made the past so pleasant to us . `` 1,2,3 those are the main things in the book in my opinion . It fails on standards of systemacy , abstraction , exactitude , verification , logic/reasoning , neutrality and formalising of theory .
 In the beginning of the book , you will find a sort of definition of Natural Selection , which is about all the space Darwin spends on formulating his hypothesis . `` Do the races or species of men , whichever term may be applied , encroach on and replace one another , so that some finally become extinct ? We shall see that all these questions , as indeed is obvious in respect to most of them , must be answered in the affirmative , in the same manner as with the lower animals . `` On about 15 occasions later in the book he writes about how this selective encroachment of human races occurs , most signicicantly when writing that : `` Extinction follows chiefly from the competition of tribe with tribe , and race with race . -LRB- ... -RRB- and when of two adjoining tribes one becomes less numerous and less powerful than the other , the contest is soon settled by war , slaughter , cannibalism , slavery , and absorption . `` Racial and tribal genocide is the chief operator in shaping humans as they are today from an apelike progenitor , according to Darwin.This work is not up to scratch compared to classics of biological science from the same timeperiod , such as Mendel 's `` Versuche '' . This work is more appropiately read together with Haecekel 's `` Natural Creation History '' -LRB- Naturliche Schopfungsgeschichte -RRB- , which Darwin profusely praises in the beginning of his book.Both these works from Haeckel and Darwin carry decidedly racist and generally judgemental content . Generally judgemental in continuously talking about higher and lower in an expressely moral way . For instance Darwin finds it neccessary to assert what the highest state of morality is for a person , and elsewhere he urges people in any way `` inferior '' not to marry.The science is shoddy , especially the formulation is seriously lacking . The moral judgementalism , which makes up a great deal of the book , is generally coarse and without significant emotion showing through .
 I can not comment on the book because I did n't really read it . The edition is awful . The original long footnotes are embedded -LRB- between brackets -RRB- in the text , so the reading becomes a hard , rather impossible , exercise . I got lost at the tenth page .
 This edition is labeled as illustrated , but where the illustrations should be , there are only the captions.This review applies only to this edition , not to Darwin 's work itself .
 2 stars only because it is n't absolutely completely worthless . Really , the lessons in this book are trivial , and wo n't help you get any better at using maya . The tricks he shows you are too specific to be of any real use . If you are expecting a tutorial that will teach you standard and advanced modeling lighting or rendering techniques , you have come to the wrong book . This book is almost worthless . If you read through it you may come out with a few useful tricks up your sleeve , but not many.Some of the tutorials are like - `` How to model a suitcase '' and -LRB- this is great -RRB- `` How to construct a figure whose surface is rougher than the usual 3D characters '' -LRB- a displacement tutorial -RRB- . Where is the tutorial for `` How to model a human head '' or `` Using NURBS '' or `` How to use FUR '' or `` Lighting Effects '' or `` Texture Mapping Explained '' -- NONE OF THESE ARE IN HERE SO FIND THEM ELSEWHERE !!!!!! In summation - DO N'T WASTE YOUR TIME WITH THIS POORLY WRITTEN , USELESS book , too specific for an intermediate user , to vague for a beginner , and lacking everything that would make this a good book .
 The examples in this book will lead you to career ruin . They are laughable . Save your money .
 How this got printed I dont know . Wish I could have seen samples of the tutorials before I purchased online . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 The book just presents some solutions for specific tasks which partly are similar to what the book from Alias/WaveFront said . The book is suitable for not beginner , but advanced people who knows functions and feature of Maya very well . I disappointed with the book .
 The book just presents some solutions for specific tasks which partly are similar to what the book from Alias/WaveFront said . The book is suitable for not beginner , but advanced people who knows functions and feature of Maya very well . I disappointed with the book .
 No one with any experience will need this book . I returned it the day I bought it because it was simply too basic . None of the 30 `` problems '' in this book are problems at all , and can easily be solved with a brief look into the Maya manuals or help files -LRB- press F1 -RRB- , or even a quick look online . Problems this book covers include `` how to make rigid bodies fall onto a passive rigid body '' and `` how to make a volcano with particle dynamics '' . Those are n't the actualy book titles , but those are the topics this book covers , and they are not difficult at all . The volcano does n't even look that good , anyway . This book is simply too short and too basic to reccommend . I suggest Maya 4 Fundamentals instead .
 I love any book by Joseph Conrad and am on my way to reading just about everything he wrote . My next goal is to re-read it all again.However , Outcast of the Island is not a `` GREAT '' book or piece of literature . It is interesting and worth reading especially if you like Conrad . I see it as a colonial/romance novel critical of the `` British Empire '' and of a man caught in the empire trade game who is led by his own devices to survive in his own game.I like the descriptions of the exotic location , the dangerous love interest , and everything that is Conrad in style.His writing style is too generous in his early work . He could be more sparse -LRB- needs to put his language on a stairmaster and lean it down -RRB- . Anyway , I do n't want to be against the book . If you are actually thinking about it , then get it and read it . It 's not long and is fairly entertaining.Bottome-line
 I purchased both the Princeton Review and the Kaplan GRE 1999-2000 edition book . I found that while the Princeton Review book had some good pointers , the Kaplan book was better organized and a lot easier -LRB- for me at least -RRB- to study from . If you 're only going to buy one book , I 'd suggest passing this one up and getting the Kaplan book.What really sold me on Kaplan was the fact that they divided up their list of vocab words into categories , instead of one big list .
 While the techniques advocated by Princeton Review are very helpful , the software is not . After three hours on hold with their support , the tests still freeze up and can not be scored . Without this software , the book is grossly overpriced .
 I used four resources to prepare for the GRE - Barron 's , Kaplan , this book and ETS 's Powerprep Software . Each contributed positively to my preparation except Princeton Review . Barron 's provided me its priceless 3500-word vocabulary list , Kaplan provided me a solidly informative and entertaining CD-ROM and ETS provided me sample tests that identically replicate the actual test -LRB- and for the most part , scores -RRB- you will confront on test day . Princeton Review 's GRE prep book/CD-ROM , however , seems to offer nothing else necessary to the equation . In fact , the computer adaptive test scores were wildly inaccurate compared to other CAT practice tests . My Kaplan CAT scores were generally -LRB- but consistently -RRB- lower than my actual results while my ETS scores were quite accurate . My Princeton Review CAT scores were inaccurate in many ways , higher in some sections and lower in others . In a nutshell , with so many other high-quality materials available , I would n't recommend this preparatory material unless you have no other alternative .
 Lots of typo 's , even on test questions , which is a real problem when you 're practicing for a standardized test . Also , give advice about problem-solving strategies , and then later on in explanations for practice questions , fail to follow their own prior advice ! This seems to be a review book that was quickly and carelessly thrown together . Admittedly , some helpful advice and strategies are given in the book .
 The book is fine - does everythign you need a GRE-prep book to do . But the CD-ROM practice tests have a nasty habit of freezing up the computer everytime I do n't finish a test in the alloted time . I do n't get my score , and I have to reboot the computer . This makes me pretty unhappy .
 the software has all kinds of problems - see Beer 's review . also , the author admits that this book and cd-rom CAN NOT USE ACTUAL TEST QUESTIONS - only ets can - and recommends that you buy ets books and software as well . do n't waste your money on this
 While the techniques advocated by Princeton Review are very helpful , the software is not . After three hours on hold with their support , the tests still freeze up and can not be scored . Without this software , the book is grossly overpriced .
 While there are many good entries , I was disappointed to see several pages relating to Malcolm X , obviously not a Christian and only name recognition for Pastor Tony Evans . The Winan Family was not mentioned although a comment made by CeCe regarding Andrea Crouch was included . Also absent in length are Booker T. Washington , George Washington Carver and Ben Carson all Christians who have contributed greatly . I actually considered purchasing this as a resource for our home education . I borrowed it from the library first to review it . I think I will return it and leave it there and perhaps borrow it again if there are no other resource available .
 Although MacGregor craftily weaves in a bit of historical facts to entertain , they are extremely general . Otherwise , the book reads like a Hardy Boys novel , deserving little attention from the adult audience . The novel works as a young adult novel ; however , it seems marketed as more of an adult novel
 `` Indiana Jones and the Dance of the Giants '' is part of a series of novels that fill in the chronological years in Indy 's life betweenThe Adventures of Young Indiana Jones , Volume Three - The Years of ChangeandIndiana Jones and the Temple of Doom -LRB- Special Edition -RRB- . In this adventure Indy travels from England to Scotland on a quest to find scrolls that could prove the existence of Merlin.I agree with a previous reviewer who got a ` Hardy Boys ' vibe from this book . The setup sounds appropriately mythological like the original movies , but the result is less than epic and the story feels by the numbers . It 's really missing that larger-than-life ` republic serial ' feel that Raiders of the Lost Ark captured . There is a rather soap opera-level revelation concerning Indy 's new love interest , and the bad guys are a rather generic cult . On the plus side the novel has some decent historical research put into it , and the scenes featuring Indy in his first teaching gig explaining this information are arguably the best part of the book.There 's really no compelling reason to pick this up except if you find it cheap . A rather skippable entry in the Indiana Jones franchise .
 I was unable to get into this novel . I gave it plenty of time and wished for the chance to enjoy it like so many others supposedly did . But , I found little .
 Sorry , I can not review this book , it is very hard to read . I went through about 70 pages and just could not get into it . So I put it aside and will probably come back to it at a later date .
 I got this for a horse production class and was very unimpressed . I 've worked in the horse industry for several years , have my own library of horse books and have since I was a little kid . The book is vague , filled with inaccuracies , and does n't hold much appeal . People would be better , especially for a learning environment , to go with some of the more modern non-textbooks out there . I currently am taking Equine Studies classes that actually are featuring books from public circles and have found them far more informative and easy to follow . If you are thinking about this book for your class or just to learn about horses
 I read this book and it 's obvious that Eartha Kitt has a problem with being black . She claims that the reason they did n't show the movie she was in with Sammy Davis Jr. in the South , was because the racist Southerners might believe she was white . If Eartha Kitt thinks that she would be mistaken for white , then excuse me , but this is the Queen of England typing this review .
 ok . so i got dumped . but do i need cosmo to tell me how to mend my broken heart ? well any advise was welcome when i purchased this , but it turned out to be wasted money - as i should have and would have realized if i were in a more stable state of mind.as a previous reviewer noted , it is fluff . this is primarily directed at a girl who was n't with someone very long , probably did n't have a long-term commitment and whose main objective is to stop sleeping with her ex.i admit there were a * few * bits of wisdom , but most of 'em are pretty logical and obvious . the rest of it i skimmed ... overall , it 's not worth your time .
 If you are going through a divorce , are ending a long term living together relationship or are in deep emotional pain , this book is not for you.If you are in your twenties and have been dumped , then this book is for you.I think anyone over thirty , who has been in a long term relationship would find this book trivial and surface scratching . There was no content for a mature relationship that went beyond a few months to a year of dating.All of the advice in this book is pre marriage relationship based . It was a horrible waste of my money .
 I tried to do a review on this book during my masters course at University . The title and sound theme of this is book as intresting and attractive as a hot best seller but after half the book , which reviews interesting case studies on real company frauds , the author tries to MARKET -LRB- sell -RRB- the International Auditing and Internal Auditors , which he himself is , to the reader -LRB- mostly targeted at the CORPORATE -RRB- . He only emphises on the importance of internal audit and how it is helpful it is for a company to protect it from fraud , and how the compay should give the auditors more authority and how the auditors should be given complete clear information about facts of the company and that kind of information . The author has saftly safegaurded his line bu adding ` the dangers from within to the title ' . I recon the book should be more appropriatly called ` Internal Audit ' - save yourself while you can.But I had question for the Author ... . How are any one going to proctect himself and what measures should central/government authority use if a company itself is a fraud and its auditor are a part of it , -LRB- For example ; Enron and Author Anderson -RRB- . When the Compay itself is a fraud and its internal and external auditors -LRB- which the author sugests are the maost important protection a company or central authority has against fraud , are like Auther Anderson , Protecting its client and using loop holesin the system .
 No way is this book worth the money being asked for it . People are trying to capitalize on the nostalgia players have for this excellent and out of print RPG . Yes the books are getting tough to find and Pooka happens to be a rare one . That does n't mean a buyer should have to rationalize dishing out over $ 50 for this paperback that 's less than what ? 60 pages ? I saw here on Amazon someone is asking for almost $ 300 . I can appreciate being a collector but that kind of price tag is pure comedy . My personal recommendation is search for this book for under $ 30 at MOST . As an owner of this book , I can vouch that it 's as fun and nifty to have as you might think , but it 's not worth most of your paycheck .
 When buying my product , I was under the impression that it was a new book since it was listed under the `` new '' label . When I received the book , I could already tell that book 's condition was not according to the `` new '' description . There were very noticeable bend marks where one would place a thumb at the edge of the book to leaf through it , and there were marks at the binding where the book had been bent . Nevertheless , I am pleased to receive it in great shipping time , but disappointed in its condition .
 I was desperately looking forward to this book ... I am an avid pooka player . . but when I finally got my mits on it I nearly cried . This book just seemed like they took Werewolf and tried to put Changeling face on it ... This is a grave let down and disappointment for someone who 's waited years to see this book .
 Even though on the sample page online Burgess refers to the beautiful and accurate illustrations of birds - they are completely missing in this edition ! It was hugely disappointing and reveals a lack of understanding about the purpose of the book in the first place . The book was intended to be an introduction to bird identification and lore for children . It is not a simple story book - not at all ! Burgess ' entertaining and excellent writing , of course , remains ... . I have no argument with Burgess - it is simply that half his material was left out of this publication without any notation in the description of the book that the illustrations had been deleted .
 The `` search inside '' feature of this ad shows gorgeous , color photographs of the birds ; HOWEVER , the actual book 's photos are in black and white ! Admittingly , the photos here are more accurate than Dover 's older version 's drawings , but you will still need to refer to another source for color photos/drawings . If you already own an older copy , do n't bother with this one ! If you are buying for the first time , you will appreciate the large , clear photos , but know that they are all in black and white.Spacing of the text is another problem I have with this publisher 's version . The lines of text are too close together for easy reading . Dover 's version is easier on the eyes .
 I was quite disappointed to see that this book has no pictures in color . How to explain to a child what the bird actually looks like !!!
 The written parts are the same as the older and original , but the most importatnt part is missing -- no pictures . It is very difficult to have a bird identification book without pictures . Very disappointing .
 This version of the book was purchased because of the colored pictures . The colored pictures were not good quality , therefore , my daughter-in-law did not feel the cost of this version was worth it .
 The one good thing I can say about this book was that it got me interested in autism for about a week . If you 're going to read a book about magic , try something by Tamora Peirce .
 I am not a prude , but I do n't go for grown men sleeping with thirteen year old girls and rationalizing it to themselves . Between this book and Muse of Art I 've developed a distaste for Anthony and his growing taste for stories about sex between prepubscent nymphos and adult men.The story itself was not very exciting . It has twists and turns , but it all falls rather flat . It wanders around , and creates a story without any grip or drive .
 I read other reviews before purchasing this book , and had high expectations of Ms.Shannon 's story . Once I began reading , however , I found her writing style to be extremely repetitive , with many sentences being paraphrased over and over again . This may be intentional , to reflect the confused state of mind during a stressful period in the author 's life , but does not , in my opinion , add substance to the book or to the subject matter.Having said this , I have to mention that I do empathise with her story , being a bipolar patient myself . I just expected that a published book would have a higher quality of written English on its pages . Contrary to other reviewers ' opinions , I kept having to put the book down as I tired of the writing style .
 Everybody seems to praise Margaret Truman for using inside information on Washington to form her books . Well I 'm sorry , but I do n't think Washington works the way she casts it -- certainly not as bad . Hired CIA assassins do not go after newspaper reporters , and US Senators do not take orders from the President . The ending to the book has the cavalry coming out of nowhere to rescue our heroes just in time to wrap up 300 pages of ... boredom . This book lacks the tension of a good mystery .
 Though this fairly well-written book tells A story about the possibilities in the life of Vincent Van Gogh , it 's not what actually happened . There are real events and words from the painter , but it 's strung together in the writer 's imagination . I was left feeling empty , missing a real connection to what might have motivated Vincent Van Gogh during his life . Readers are left without the means to consider Van Gogh 's actual life because this is just one person 's guess-though an educated one-as to what happened .
 This children 's book is a collection of nineteen folk tales collected and retold by the author from his travels throughout Central and South America . The book won the 1925 Newbery Medal for best contribution to American children 's literature . I am oviously in the minority with my opinion
 This book was an anthology of 19 stories . I did n't like it because it was hard for me to make a mental picture in my head . I had to read almost every paragraph over . I could not comprehend at all !
 This book was about witches and possession . I do not believe in those things . I am a Christian ! I did not like this book very much at all ! I do n't think this is a good book for kids to be reading , because they might have nightmares . Some of the stories are hard to comprehend . But if you do like those kind of things you will enjoy this book ! Thank you for reading my review .
 This is one of the worst biographies of a scientist I have ever read . It is more like a feminist-psychoanalyst 's recollection of a noteworthy patient . The author goes on and on about Marie Curie 's disinterest in clothes and her victimhood as a downtrodden brilliant woman in the man 's world of pre-war Europe . We are told of -LRB- male , of course -RRB- colleagues who appropriated her ideas and work openly , because she was just a woman . We are told of how a male co-winner of the 1903 Nobel Prize in Physics was dressed like a peacock at the ceremony , while Marie , who could n't attend becasue of a -LRB- manic -RRB- depression wore plain black dresses so as not to show stains from the laboratory , and so on and so forth ... The author of this work has little or no training in chemistry or physics and makes frequent errors in describing the scientific accomplishments of the Curies and other personalities of the age.Written by someone with both psychological insight and scientific training this might have been a great addition to the Curie literature.As it is
 I 'm working on a project about Curie , so I 've read several biographies about her thus far . This book is n't absolutely terrible , but I think it handles Curie poorly . It underexplains much about her life and motivations , gives little due to the science behind her work , and goes out of its way to make her `` inner world '' excessively dramatic . Curie 's story is amazing and fascinating , but this book sacrifices explanatory detail and historical context in favor of an emotionally simplified -LRB- and thus more boring -RRB- version of the person . Even the title is misleading -- Curie was dedicated to her work and slightly reclusive , but she was hardly an obsessive personality.I encourage you to please check out the longer but much more engrossing biography by Susan Quinn -LRB- titledMarie Curie
 This book is fantasy . It uses very few sources to support crucial elements and hypothesis and boils down to a delusional opinion of a Right Wing conspiracy theorist . The author refuses to debate this material because it is far fetched and unrealistic and it should ** NOT ** be taken seriously . It uses eyewitnesses who were in Nanking as sources when they agree with the author ; however then when those sources refute the author 's opinion , they are cast out . Read this if you want to know how NOT to conduct serious historical research . The author should be labeled as a right wing fanatic and illusionist ; this should be listed under `` fantasy/fiction '' .
 This is another attempting at dening that atrocity -LRB- RAPE OF NANKING -RRB- never happened . Sick twisted author like the neo nazi dening Holocaust . Shame on you .
 Despite its title , this book present the Nanjing massacre from the negationist point of view . Therefore , readers should be cautious . It is also appropriate to remind here that Higashinakano and his publisher were condemned in February 2009 by the Supreme Court of Japan for having defamed Shuqin Xia , an old chinese woman , by writing that she had not been a witness of the Nanking massacre and had not been filmed by John Magee . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 According to this book there was no Rape of Nanking , it was all Nationalist Chinese propaganda . The book is just not true , it presents a lot of facts but ignores others.It doesent read well
 Although you could never tell it by reading the other reviews , this book has NOTHING to do with Creole . It is an English picture book - you see a picture of a ladder and it 's referenced to the word `` ladder '' . It 's a lot of pictures and the English word for each item . Before you buy , look at the cover and excepts - I did n't . I think what you need is `` The Basic Oxford Picture Dictionary -LRB- English/Haitian Creole Edition -RRB- . Just do n't buy this book unless you 're trying to teach or learn basic English .
 Although you could never tell it by reading the other reviews , this book has NOTHING to do with Creole . It is an English picture book - you see a picture of a ladder and it 's referenced to the word `` ladder '' . It 's a lot of pictures and the English word for each item . Before you buy , look at the cover and excepts - I did n't . Looking back , I think what I needed was `` The Basic Oxford Picture Dictionary -LRB- English/Haitian Creole Edition -RRB- . But the way you 're pointed to this English version when you search on `` Haiti '' is misleading - no , make that incorrect.Please do n't make the same mistake I made and buy this book - that is unless you 're trying to teach or learn basic English .
 This book is very deceptive . I wanted to get a book on creolecalled `` the basic oxford picture dictionary English/creole `` and I ended getting this one instead . the two book have the same cover but they are very diferent . one does not have anything to do with creole but the title start the same and the cover look the same . this can be confusing for first time buyer of such a language book . I know that there are a lot of people out there probably making the same mistake . this should be fixed so one does not blow there hard earn cash on mailing back and forth .
 Fortunately this book is currently out of print , and should stay that way . The illustrations and pictures throughout the book date back to the late fifties and sixties . No where in the book does MS Nichols discuss in any detail the finer points of actually showing your purebred dog . To her benefit she did a very good job of depicting what it is like to attend a dog show and how champions earn their pionts . Unfortunatly , most of this information is not laid out in any organized manner . At times I felt like I was having a friendly cup of coffee as she skipped from one thought to another . Her biggest inside tip under the chapter `` Tricks of the Trade '' was `` Keep your nose clean , your eyes and ears open , and your mouth closed until you know what it is all about . '' Good advice since you wo n't learn what showing your own dog is about from this source .
 Just about the weakest biography of anyone I 've ever read - poorly written with little insight into the subject 's character , this is a book that appears to have been thrown together with no care and little effort . An insult to the reader.For a good read on Martha Gellhorn , try Caroline Moorehead 's Gellhorn
 According to Arianna Huffington they are.Pigs At The Trough uses the same well-publicized facts that has been on TV , radio , and in newspapers over and over again to keep attention and righteous anger of the reader . Almost every chapter repeats the size of the bonuses , stock-options , salaries or other perks that well-known corporate crooks like Ken Lay , Dennis Kozlowski , Sam Waksall and others received before their demise.Along with the prices of their homes , yachts , private jets and descriptions of the lavish parties , this `` rubbing of reader 's face '' in their wealth is supposed to get Average Joe pretty angry about the capitalist system and dishonesty of those in the corner offices.Most of Arianna 's vitriol is directed at CEOs in general -LRB- ! -RRB- for their hefty compensation packages . That takes away from the good stuff in the book where she documents abuses of power , stiffing and misleading of employees and shareholders , -LSB- poor -RSB- accounting and inappropriate influence that CEOs have over boards and compensation committees . In fact , she seems more outraged that CEOs earning tremendously higher salaries than nine-to-fivers than over the crimes of some of the CEOs.Arianna 's rants about compensation of CEOs not being totally tied to the performance of the companies they are leading , but completely ignores events that corporate heads have no control over - stock market 's booms and recessions , general economic conditions and external influences like wars or economic effect of 9/11 . Arianna also takes a swipe at Bush 's administration -LRB- he is from a rich family and a former executive , so why not slam him too ? -RRB- for alleged , but never proven complicity in corporate scandals . With the one-sidedness that is seen all the way throughout the book Arianna gleefully calls Enron 's Ken Lay `` Kenny Boy '' as Bush addressed him once , but never mentions corporate reform by the same Bush Administration that put an end to the brief era of corporate Wild West.This book is an exercise in playing to the `` hate the rich '' crowd rather than fair and impartial analysis of the issues of corporate responsibility , lobbying power , and executive compensation .
 This was a very poorly written book . It was repetitive , rambling and boring . I suspect she had someone write it to make money .
 This is Ms. Stassinopoulus/Huffington 's latest bid for attention , and I find it difficult to take her seriously as a writer or a politician . She changes her positions on an awful lot of issues depending on what seems to serve her own purposes - I get no sense that she is behind much of anything she says or writes .
 I ca n't imagine a piece of literature that would be a greater waste of time than `` Pigs at the Trough '' . The writer clearly believes herself better than her audience and sets about proving it on almost every condenscending page after page . Her examples are nothing new and could easily be found with a simple Google search . Her logic is also poorly founded and easily refuted at almost every turn . The only greed and corruption I see is Ms Huffington trying to get people to give her money for this piece of junk . What a waste . Do n't bother with it .
 Arianna Huffington , the failed gubernatorial candidate in the 2003 California recall campaign , attempts to write a subject to which she has very little actual experience . First , Ms. Huffington 's premise is that most corporate executives are greedy and therefore laws need to be enacted to hamstring our managers who wish to exercise the best interest of their shareholders . She does not emphasize how any of her so-called `` reforms '' will actually benefit long-term shareholders who wish for chief executives to take risks to earn a decent return on their investment . Further , Ms. Huffington fails to emphasize how there are already laws on the books to punish chief executives who have abused the trust positions to which they have been appointed . It is the executive branch 's duty to punish those who engange in fraud , something the Bush Administration is already doing . However , we would not hear about that in Ms. Huffington 's book , because that would hurt her premise , which is that Bush is in on the fraud too.Most of the research contained in Ms. Huffington 's book is related to stories she has read about , not people or companies she has actually chosen to research on her own . As such , practically anyone who has a modicum of research experience could write a similar book of her type -- without having any documentary evidence to prove the assertions made therein.One thing that is most lacking in Ms. Huffington 's book is the notion that honest chief executives are able to work on behalf of their shareholders and employees . There is a sense that the position of chief executive necessarily entails a sense of greed that will infect the entire operations of the company . In a sense , by stating that all chief executives are guilty , Ms. Huffington is too leniant towards those truly guilty of malefensense . In truth , the system does work
 Does anybody out there need a book to tell them that CEO 's , CFO 's etc. are greedy ? If you do then this book is for you . For the other 99 % let me save you some money . I purchased this book knowing Arianna Huffington to be an ecomomist as the cover points out , however the tone of this book is one of a socialist rather than that of a free market capitalist . She continually gives us news accounts -LRB- secondhand none the less -RRB- of executives who greedily abuse their power for profit , without any solution other than government regulation . I bought this book hoping to find some insight as to what can be done , and found nothing but news , with the exception of her continued demand for goverment regulation in this arena . It seems that her solution to corporate corruption is to have government regulation to `` fix '' it . Not somthing an American economist would write , well Mrs. Huffington , went to Cambridge . Perhaps she feels we should model ourselves after the stagnant European economy we passed 25 + years ago as a 200 year old country .
 The author presents ideas that are outdated and imposible to implement into society . She is obviously an idealogue who is incapable of relating reality to government . She provides simple solutions to difficult problems . It just does n't connect and her kame logic permeates this book . I would give a lower rating one star but there is no choice .
 I listened to Arianna in a live interview about this book today . She refused to back her accusations with facts when asked multiple times . It sounded as though this author manufactured tripe for tabloid use and not always based in facts . The interviewer read a passage of several sentences from the book . Then asked at least five times `` What crimes Jack Welch and other listed had committed . '' She totally sidestepped and refused to answer any part of her highly charged statements in her book . Arianna even stated that he '' ... was taking his statements out of context . '' It sounds as though if you want a conspiracy theory not based in fact this is a read for you . If you looking to find facts about the people who have committed illegal act in our current economy this is not a good read . I am certainly not a defender of the corporate goons of today , but I also have no use for creative writing passed on as facts . This is not right wing nor left wing just pure fantasy . I wanted something with some meat based upon facts . What I found was extreme disappointment while listening to the author dodge several simple questions . Such as what crime did these people commit ? I will look elsewhere for the facts , I was not looking for fiction .
 This slapdash effort is n't good enough to render this wanna-be socialite a hyprocrite . If it were , it would be easy to vilify her for attacking `` greed '' from the comfort of her gated , 9,000-square-foot Hollywood home . A home she got , by the way , from a nice divorce settlement from her ex-husband Michael Huffington , who made his money in Big Oil . -LRB- Hmmm ... we 'll leave that one to the psychoanalysts . -RRB- Anyway , Huffington is not only a poor poster child for the fight against corporate and government greed , she 's not much of a prose stylist . I started counting cliches -- the favorite clutch of the bad writer -- on the first page and gave up when the count hit double digits before the end of the first chapter . This clunky offering features nothing that has n't been covered at excrutiating length by such esteemed people as ex-Sen . William Proxmire -LRB- D-Wisconsin -RRB- and Citizens Against Government Waste . Huffington does n't deserve to be counted in their company . Readers , and environmentalists who drive hybrid cars -LRB- such as Huffington -RRB- , sometimes cringe when trees are felled to produce a book . I agree with them . And in this case , I feel sorry for even the ink and glue .
 1 . This book certainly addresses an important issue , but the approach Arrianna Huffington takes pushes the edges of over-statement and exaggeration . This may make for humorous writing as she takes shots at capitalism , but it truly undermines her credibility . I had to translate her statements because they were often heavy-handed and rarely polite . She seemed to be trying to achieve an emotional response from her readers rather than an intellectual one . It 's a WWF response that avoids subtlety .2 . Huffington 's tactics remind me of the outraged man-hater who shouts , `` All men are pigs ! '' However , in this book she shouts , `` All corporate type are money grubbing , greedy swine ! '' . This broad-brushed approach makes for tedious reading . Yes , she did a boat-load of research for the book , and I appreciate that , but it does n't offset the acid-spitting outrage that she displays . She 's angry . Ok , there 's nothing wrong with being angry and I will admit that corporate scandal is something worthy of being angry over . However , at times I wanted to ask her to `` calm down ... count to ten ... take a deep breath ... . Relax , OK , now tell me what 's wrong AND more importantly , how we should fix it . `` 3 . This leads to my next point ... because Huffington complains throughout the book , there is little space devoted to constructive suggestions . That is , she offers virtually no solutions . The only thing she mentions which could be interpreted as a solution is her request that more people participate in democracy - that is , more people need to get out and vote . That 's all she really offers in the book from a positive standpoint . She does n't suggest what laws would be good to pass , or what laws would be good to get rid of , or how strong moral laws are to be created .4 . Now , regarding capitalism as a whole , it would have been helpful if she spent a chapter explaining the positives and negatives of `` free markets '' compared to markets that are government owned and government funded . This would have provided some serious credibility and more of a scholarly approach.All of this analysis goes to say that I was sorely disappointed in the book .
 Huffington 's `` Pigs at the Trough '' had the potential to be one of the most important books on political/corporate corruption this decade . Unfortunately , while this text is well researched , it is also loaded with obnoxious `` whit , '' completely biased personal commentary , and a train of thought that is difficult to follow . A book on this subject matter SHOULD be better than the work Huffington has produced . It seems clear that , at least , this author is incapable of such writing .
 First of all , 20 % of the words in this book seem to be devoted to sarcasm - it was funny at first but then became tiresome . The book follows the pattern of telling you what 's wrong , who 's guilty , and how much money that person sucked from the American taxpayer . Personally I 'm more interested in the details of the loopholes . How do offshore tax havens work ? How do corporate lobbyists operate in Washington ? These details are n't available in Pigs at the Trough .
 If you want a balanced , erudite assessment of corporate corruption & it 's effect on America , read David C. Korten 's book `` When Corporations Rule the World '' . It 's excellent.IMHO , Huffington writes like a tabloid journalist . She 's so busy being `` cute '' or `` clever '' or shooting `` barbs '' she fails to make cohesive points . She intersperses her facts with quasi-humble attempts to identify herself as an icon of ethics , however even she realizes that her `` Republican bandwagon '' years have to be accounted for . So ... she mentions that while she was giving speeches from that soapbox , she had the right intentions in her heart . She actually says , `` Now , at last , we 've discovered the truth '' or something to that effect.Korten presents facts , evidence and nicely balanced conclusions . He does n't find personal attacks necessary to make his points.Huffy spends too much time attacking , mocking & being `` superior '' . Those qualities are identical to the ones espoused by the arrogant CEO 's she 's writing about . Apparently those qualities are still making money for some people.Save your money - if you 're concerned & want the facts , read Korten 's book .
 Arianna Huffington proves in this book that anyone can write a book today if they are outrageous enough in their attack , regardless whether they have anything new to say . Her book is a compendium of facts and figures well-known to anyone who regularly reads Business Week , Fortune , and other business press -- sadly , her work lacks even one original piece of research or one new fact that she herself dug up . This is clearly a book written entirely from Lexis , Nexis , and Google searches.Aside from the lack of original research , Ms. Huffington 's style grates on one 's nerves . Her writing attempts to be overly cute , but comes across with all the clever cynicism of a high school sophomore . She excells at moronic , cliched name-calling -LRB- beginning with the title itself -RRB- , as if her sticks and stones will somehow solve the much deeper problems in corporate governance and auditing about which she clearly knows little except the most superficial of information . Her so-called quizzes embedded throughout the book were equally immature . Far better that she should leave her pitiful attempts at humor of that sort to people like Al Franken , Molly Ivins , Dennis Miller , or Michael Moore who actually are funny and have the intellectual breadth and cultural repertoire to actually pull off real satire.I suffered my way through the entire book mostly out of disbelief that a woman whom the press consistently dubs as intelligent could write such a shallow , childish , ineffectual work about a truly serious set of problems in our modern capitalist system . Having read this book , I see that her depth of knowledge and her persistent literary grandstanding through empty name-calling made her at least as good a candidate for governor in California as Arnold . They make the perfect pair for a state in which shallow superficiality reigns supreme.This book is the perfect purchase for readers with high school educations who have never seen a copy of Business Week or read the business section of the New York Times . For everyone else , I suggest you spend your money elsewhere -LRB- spend it on a serious book like The Best Democracy Money Can Buy , or Paul Krugman ` sThe Great Unraveling -RRB- .
 I read this book ... . and I could n't even finish , it was so bad . Do n't buy this one .
 This slapdash effort is n't good enough to render this wanna-be socialite a hyprocrite . If it were , it would be easy to vilify her for attacking `` greed '' from the comfort of her gated , 9,000-square-foot Hollywood home . A home she got , by the way , from a nice divorce settlement from her ex-husband Michael Huffington , who made his money in Big Oil . -LRB- Hmmm ... we 'll leave that one to the psychoanalysts . -RRB- Anyway , Huffington is not only a poor poster child for the fight against corporate and government greed , she 's not much of a prose stylist . I started counting cliches -- the favorite clutch of the bad writer -- on the first page and gave up when the count hit double digits before the end of the first chapter . This clunky offering features nothing that has n't been covered at excrutiating length by such esteemed people as ex-Sen . William Proxmire -LRB- D-Wisconsin -RRB- and Citizens Against Government Waste . Huffington does n't deserve to be counted in their company . Readers , and environmentalists who drive hybrid cars -LRB- such as Huffington -RRB- , sometimes cringe when trees are felled to produce a book . I agree with them . And in this case , I feel sorry for even the ink and glue .
 Pigs at the Trough brings up all kinds of problems that present serious complications to American democracy and to the honest running of the market system - corporate corruption , conflicts of interests , tight connections between business and politicians , the lack of a tie between executive compensation and company performance , the malfeasance of the big four accounting companies.Unfortunately , rather than analyzing these problems in a serious manner , she has written a harangue , full of name-calling , insults , and anger . She seems to hope that inciting a listener 's outrage will inspire action . In this sense , she seems to have underestimated her audience - as though she 'd lose their attention if she toned down her arguments and delved into the substance . The audio CD was read in a breathless and sarcastic manner , which quickly became tiresome.Everyone seems to be evil in her opinion - from politicians to lobbyists to corporate executives to pharmaceutical companies to mutual funds - the big and rich against the rest of us . The suggested solutions , which take up a small section near the end , focus on what should be done , without little depth on who should take the steps and how this can be made to happen.The benefit of the book is the bringing to light of issues that affect many Americans but are not often discussed in depth in the general media . One can hope that someone else will pick up where Huffington started and provide a more sober analysis .
 This is not a collection of Jane Austen novels . The first half contains some kind of textbook information on WiMAX technology , and the second half appears to be xeroxed pages of a Sense and Sensibility paperback . I was completely floored . WARNING
 The contents of this book are unedited garbage . And the reason is ... Books published by General Books LLC are put together using an OCR automated scanning device which can miss complete pages . Typos are frequent and there 's no table of contents . There is ABSOLUTELY NO EDITING of the book and the scanning is done by a robot -LRB- probably the reason half the book is on Wimax - the robot picked up something else as well -RRB- . This is all stated on the publishers web site -LRB- google them and read - you 'll be as shocked as I was when you get all the details -RRB- . The owner of General Books LLC , VDM Publishing , is notorious for these ripoffs - almost every review of their books -LRB- around 500,000 of them from one imprint or another now listed on Amazon -RRB- by an actual buyer is negative , many are extremely so.If you have bought the version from General Books LLC by mistake , you can return to Amazon within 30 days -LRB- but check Amazon 's Return Policy for the details -RRB-
 As a novel
 You can get this book , and many other out-of-copyright -LRB- public domain -RRB- books , either in Kindle-compatible text or mobipocket format or easily-converted HTML , for the great price of $ 0.00 from source such as Project Gutenberg , The Universal Digital Library , and others.Kindle is great , BUT I do n't think we should tolerate anyone applying DRM to public domain material .
 The problem with this book is n't the silliness of its socialist utopian vision , in which economic and social equality are brought forth by a wave of the author 's bizarre magic wand over the masses of humanity . Goofy utopian societies have been invented by writers using the trite mechanism of `` if everybody would just agree with my ideas and get along , all our problems would mysteriously vanish '' going back at least to Plato , and they pretty nearly always spawn little cults or big movements of starry-eyed followers who just ca n't understand why everybody does n't agree with the writer and thereby make the world a warm fuzzy place , tra la la . The movement propelled by Bellamy 's folderol was certainly no little cult , and its silliness plagues us still , but that , too , is not really the problem with the book , per se.Nor is the lack of scientific or technological foresight the greatest shortcoming of this book . After all , it 's no crime for an author to be subliterate regarding the physical sciences and engineering , particularly when that author was writing at a time before the pace of technological change had accelerated to twentieth century levels . Bellamy gets near the mark in a few cases , and the reader really should n't expect much more than that.No , what makes this a truly dreary , tiresome , wearing book is rather the one single crime for which no writer can be forgiven
 ** spoiler alert ** This book reads more like an economic manifesto than a work of fiction . A man from the late 1800s falls asleep and wakes up to find that he was in such a deep trance that it 's now the year 2000 . Nearly the entire book is a discourse on what has changed over the course of the century . Many of the changes really have happened , but most have not . Even though retirement at age 45 would be nice , the overall government-run utopia Bellamy suggests will never be possible unless human nature changes . I w. . . more This book reads more like an economic manifesto than a work of fiction . A man from the late 1800s falls asleep and wakes up to find that he was in such a deep trance that it 's now the year 2000 . Nearly the entire book is a discourse on what has changed over the course of the century . Many of the changes really have happened , but most have not . Even though retirement at age 45 would be nice , the overall government-run utopia Bellamy suggests will never be possible unless human nature changes . I would have enjoyed this book more if there was an actual storyline somewhere other than at the very beginning and very end of the book.Changes That Have Happened : * artificial lighting * absence of chimneys and smoke for heating * `` credit cards '' * programs for listening to music live ... possibly internet since it 's by telephone connection * doctors may only practice if they 've passed medical school * radio alarm clock * women in the work place * church by phone connection -LRB- internet ? -RRB- Changes That Have n't Happened : * the rise of monopolies choked out small businesses finally and finally gave rise to one company that owned everything -LRB- without any bloody revolution because the people all wanted it -RRB- * governments are n't allowed to have enough power to use for maleficent causes * Harder jobs have fewer hours and easier jobs have more hours to make it so that there is someone who wants to do every job * every person is a common laborer during the first 3 years of their work service * there is no buying nor selling * there are no banks * everyone has the same salary * `` the nation guarantees the nurture , education , and comfortable maintenance of every citizen from the cradle to the grave '' * free immigration because one country does n't have to feed and clothe the person anymore and the other gets a free worker * waterproof enclosed corridor appears during rainstorms for going out without an umbrella * retirement at age 45 * free education up to age 21 -LRB- about grade 18 -RRB-
 This is a great book and would rate 4-5 stars . However , this version is a ` print on demand ' type reprint . The quality of paper is good but the font is very small AND the text is pushed together
 I read this book at the age of fourteen and ended up scratching my head , wondering , who would ever go along with that ? Forty years later this question still persists . This book is not only unoriginal in borrowing its leitmotiv from H. G. Wells and Washington Irving , it completely denies the power and unchanging quality of human nature . Nobody is truly motivated by altruism ... for long at least . Altruism always provides a person with a direct benefit that outweighs competing self-centered interests ; it might be enhanced self esteem or the esteem of others , standing in the community , etc. , but it ca n't credibly be argued that people will indefinitely suspend self interest or the interest of their loved ones to serve a greater good . Society has never worked that way in good times , and it 's every man for himself when food is being rationed . That is why socialism can only be maintained for long at the barrel of a gun . It goes against human nature , it goes against reason , and it goes against every concept of personal liberty.As an object lesson on the mental disorder that is liberalism however , the book performs admirably . But I suspect this was not the author 's intention .
 The book is -LRB- at best -RRB- a third rate utopian hack job , that maybe has some interest for those who have a special interest in utopian lit .
 It is difficult to understand how `` Looking Backward '' attained its status as one of the canonical , if mostly unread , American books of the late 19th century , along with `` How the Other Half Lives '' or `` Huckleberry Finn . `` Presumably it got a lot of attention when it was published , but so did the lectures of John Fiske , and 75 years later no one was mentioning Fiske to high school students.Looking backward at `` Looking Backward , '' it is astonishing to note that there is no mention of Negroes and just barely any of immigrants -- this on the eve of the birth of Jim Crow.I am tempted to call it a Unitarian book because it is very much about the fatherhood of God , the brotherhood of man and the neighborhood of Boston . However , it is resolutely national . Everything in it is about how the nation by 2000 has taken over the direction of production and distribution and done away with not only money , but also spitefulness , sexual jealousy and claims of blood.It is no excuse for Bellamy that Veblen was yet unknown . He was writing in Boston , where Mayflower descendence was worth its weight in gold.The bloody shirt was being waved to effect at the time , too , and there is nothing here to explain how links to the Society of the Cincinnati or the GAR were eroded . In fact , the evolution of the 20th century is very much a black box in `` Looking Backward , '' except that it occurred with less bloodshed than the change of government in a minor state.The whole tone is strange . It is all about Bostonians and Americans , but the word America does not appear . The proper Bostonians , then very conscious of their role in foisting democracy in the form of manhood suffrage on the world , are said to have given up democracy without a fight . Strange.It is no fault of Bellamy 's that he could not foretell the disappearance of the horse , but even taken as a vision , he does a much poorer job than Jules Verne . The editors of the Applewood edition -LRB- `` publishers of America 's living past '' -RRB- try to make something of the fact that Bellamy introduced the term `` credit card , '' but his credit cards had nothing to do with ours , and in fact he is relentlessly anti-credit . As an analysis of the ills of his time , Bellamy is pretty much a damp squib . About the only trenchant observation he makes is that `` interest on investments was a species of tax in perpetuity upon the product of those engaged in industry . '' If he had said `` land '' instead of `` investments , '' he would have been close to the insights of Henry George , writing at the same time.As a prophet he is a wet blanket . His hatred of individualism -- never exactly defined -- is complete , but one doubts whether even the resentful proletarians of his turbulent era would have welcomed a future based on `` the strictest discipline in the army of labor . `` Bellamy would have loved Mussolini.As for the book as a book , he chose to cast it in the form of a romantic novel . It is perhaps the most tedious romantic novel ever written , no small accomplishment . `` Looking Backward '' manages to be as precious , stilted and inhuman as the best of Henry James.It amazes me that I got through it .
 When I picked up this book I was hoping for something in the strain of Brave New World or 1984 . Well , Bellamy is no Huxley . This book is dry and unimaginative . The author 's view of the year 2000 is almost comical . In over a hundred years -LRB- the book was written in something like 1887 -RRB- the only change is that all of humanity has learned to work together . The funny thing is that is all this time the mode of dress has stayed the same . So somehow man has changed his entire inherently selfish nature but has n't been able to come up with a better shoe style in a hundred years . Give me a break . If you are looking for a thought provoking look at the future I suggest Aldous Huxley 's Brave New World . As for Bellamy 's Looking Backwards , leave it on the shelf .
 Having been forced to read `` Looking Backward '' by Edward Bellamy , for a American History class , I can safely say that there are some parts that are interesting , but most of the novel is about as mind numbing as watching paint dry !
 First published in 1888 , Looking Backward was one of the most popular books of its day . It inspired several utopian communities and hundreds of `` Bellamy Clubs '' across America . Reading it today , it 's hard to see what all the fuss was about.Through a convoluted series of circumstances , wealthy Bostonian Julian West falls asleep in 1887 and wakes up in the year 2000 . Upon awakening he is greeted by Dr. Leete , who will serve as his host and guide in this future society . The social order has changed drastically since West 's day . America is now governed by an idealistic form of socialism , though Bellamy avoids the S-word in favor of terms like `` cooperative '' , `` rational '' , or `` brotherly '' . It 's not a strict Marxist socialism , but rather Bellamy 's own brand . The overall governing principle is that cooperation is more efficient than competition . The trusts that dominated America in the late 19th century have eliminated each other through competition and consolidated into one giant trust , now governing all industry . This trust has somehow become the U.S. government , and now beneficently works for the interests of all citizens . The military has been replaced by the Industrial Army , all industry has been nationalized , money has been abolished , and all citizens receive identical wages in the form of credit which they are free to spend however they choose . Bellamy 's society of the future sounds a lot like an early prospectus for the Soviet Union read through rose-colored glasses . In reality , its existence would require the total negation of all human greed and sloth . It is also heavily reliant on a benevolent ruler who wields absolute power . Unfortunately , as history has shown us time and again , those who wield absolute power are seldom benevolent.My main objection to this book , however , is not directed toward its political ideals . I generally enjoy reading the socialist literature of this time period , and I 'm usually up for a good utopian novel of any political stripe , no matter how far-fetched . What I object to is the writing . Once West wakes up in this brave new world , how does he spend his time ? Sitting on the couch talking to Dr. Leete , chapter after chapter after chapter . Occasionally they go out to a restaurant , store , library , etc. where all they do is talk , talk , and talk some more . What 's the first rule of good writing ? Show me ; do n't tell me . If your intention is to teach us about an ideal industrial society , why not give the man a job ? Julian West is not an active participant in the society being described . He does n't interact with it at all . He is a perpetual bystander . This is really not a novel at all , but a series of dialogues in which Dr. Leete is the mouthpiece spouting the imaginary Constitution of Bellamy 's ideal America . Would we all be happier living in Bellamy 's world ? Probably . But that does n't make it a good book .
 `` Looking Backward '' is considered a classic of its type
 The first thing that stands out from Edward Bellamy 's 1887 socialist utopian novella `` Looking Backward '' is that this is NOT a good book . What it is instead is one of those literary fads that temporarily grip the nation but lack any real staying power beyond some historical significance or maybe as part of a class on the history of popular fiction , American intellectual thought , or progressive politics in the USA . Of course , a lot of great fiction was written in order to make social or political point
 Our high school read this book for our Summer Reading Program . Most students and faculty agreed that the book raised excellent questions for discussion , but the dry , flat style of the writing made it very difficult to read . After falling asleep several times trying to read this at night , I finally forced myself to read it early in the morning . Bellamy spends much of the novel explaining how this socialist utopia functions , providing detailed analysis of the economy , government , education , and other institutions . I would recommend this book to readers interested in discussing political issues , but not for readers who need a strong plot or dynamic characters .
 This book takes place in the future , an ideal socialist world in which everyone is treated the same.This book genuinely holds up the idea of socialism to the very last page . Something that absolutely irked me about it is how even this book , written before George Orwell was already forecasting `` some of us are more equal than others '' . The author begins by describing a young man in the 19th century who sleeps into the future and retains his current state . He there finds a doctor who 's bent on mocking his barbaric culture of the past . The doctor describes a `` utopia '' in which every man works , no one is exempt from the working force . Sounds fair until you read a bit further ... When an author prints a successful book , they are then exempt from service . They are excused from the working class . Even further , when you read about the politics the author deems the working class incapable of electing the President . Only the elite are capable of making that decision , which includes these successful authors . What a nice little utopia the author has dug out for himself.Edward Bellamy wrote this novel in a time of civil unrest , at a time when the classes were fighting amongst easy other . He deemed it very possible that his ideas may be implemented . Personally I think he was being very opportunistic . People of this era were looking for new means a of social class , so Edward handed them something he knew they would see as a fair solution.I think this book , by attempting to uphold socialism really shows why you it always inevitably fails . People are greedy and corrupted , and an all controlling system like this just invites people to take advantage of it.If you read this novel , prepare for a sneering tone and a mockery of typical culture . Rather hypocritical of the author really , he mocks people of wanting to take advantage of situations for their personal gain , yet at the same time , that 's precisely what he did with this novel .
 This book is bad . The socialist Utopia taken to new heights , socialist USA . I knew this was a book highlighting the greatness of communal society , it was worse than most because it tries to paint the America of the past with a Marxist brush . It attempts to place liberty into a socialist utopia where , even in this complete work of fiction , it ca n't live . There is nothing particularly interesting or new here . Stick to the classics if u are amused by the socialist ideology .
 I happened across this book while reading &#34; the politically incorrect guide to the 60 's &#34; . It was noted as a utopian fantasy where the government solves all problems , spreads the wealth around , and all corporations and capitalists are evil.Classic Marxism and typical liberal fantasy !
 Oh how lovely . Bellamy forgot to mention the millions of people that were liquidated for the purpose of creating this little fantasy world of his . What happened to all the people that did n't quite agree with this little society and wanted to do their own thing ? This is probably the most stupid book I have ever read . Let 's just judge imperfect present with our imaginary vision of the supposed perfect future . Great , we all know where that leads . Bellamy would have been a good killer for Stalin , until he finally got choked by the machine himself .
 The problem is that this is the `` only '' textbook on the subject . It gets lots of good reviews but they seem to ignore the following
 I was very disappointed that some big Hollywood stars were not in the book -LRB- including some that were easy to come by -RRB- , and yet so many stars that I 've never even heard of were filling so many pages . I 've been a serious Hollywood autograph collector and enthusiast for over 20 years and was upset to see some of the bigger stars not included . Some big and popular stars missing were Dustin Hoffman , Orson Welles , Cyd Charisse , Christopher Reeve , and Gloria Swanson . And who in the world is Kelly Reno ? Sherilyn Wolter ? Jackee Harry ?? A waste of my money .
 I am not a big fan of this book . If you subscribe to `` The Autograph Collector '' magazine , you would know that 80 % of the magazine is advertisements , and you would think spending -LSB- money -RSB- on a book you would n't have 25 pages of ads . Also , many of the signatures in this book do not match signatures I have received in person . In stead of the ad 's they should have used that extra 25 pages to list more examples of stars signatures , or at least list more people . I would suggest that they make the signatures themselves smaller , as many people are copying the signatures out of the book onto index cards and photos , and selling the forgeries on ebay . All together , I would suggest you buy a different book ; this one is not even worth what you would pay for it used .
 I almost never review books that I have n't finished , and I 've gotten through some clinkers , but this misfire thriller just brought me to a standstill . It starts in Cuba as the Soviets are packing up their missiles . The missile crisis has been averted with the Soviet back-down . As the Russians depart , they receive an icy goodbey from their hosts , their fraternal socialist allies - thanks for nothing ! We 're given clues that the Cubans may not have been left empty-handed by the Russians . Then the novel fasts forward , sort of , and we witness the destruction of an American nuclear submarine . I love subs , and think I know a thing about them . Unfortunately , the author has learnt more about subs than he 's capable of coherently describing - I had to re-read the description repeatedly , and could discern only that it involved some catastrophic accident with the sub 's reduction gears . It became clear , once I skimmed past that section that `` Ghost '' demonstrates less a knowledge of technical details than a painful inability to craft them into a coherent narrative . This was a shame . Starting out , I was n't sure whether this would turn out to be an alternative history or some thriller - but either way , it had the makings of a unique read .
 Although I have not read this book , with the price tag you can see why , I ca n't make myself believe that this book is worth this kind of money . And its price makes it unavailable to the public libraries where I live and I would like to study this work but I ca n't see this happening . I am sure this book is a good read but it aint worth this price . Any suggestions?slemaster@sprintmail.com
 I watched this book grow from drill and kill in earlier editions to its present , bloated 6th edition . I have taught out of the 5th and 6th editions of this book for 4 years . The students absolutely hate it . It is cluttered and confusing . The order in which grammar and vocabulary are presented defy logic and all current research in second language acquisition . This book has been torn down and put back together so many times , that it is a hellish mess . Language methodology has changed and evolved over the nearly 25 years this book has been in use , and now this book does n't know what it is or wants to be . The exercises in the book are worthless . All the instructions are in Spanish from chapter 1 on , and the students can not interpret them , which renders the activities useless . Dicho has had a good , long run . It 's time to shelve it and move on . The only reason I still use it is because I have no choice in textbook selection where I teach .
 As a beginnng Spanish student , I find the book cluttered and overwhelming . Also , a more organized approach to the subject would help . My foreign language background is French , so I am familiar with how to study a different language .
 This book , along with the CDs , were required for my college Spanish class . I did n't know Spanish before the book , and seriously after almost a full semester of taking my Spanish class -LRB- 1 month short , I dropped -RRB- , I ca n't even form a full phrase by myself . The book is very unstructured , and often teaches the same thing two or three times as though you 've never learned it before . The book , along with the lab manual lack ENGLISH ! My teacher said the best way to learn a foreign language is to teach in the language -LRB- ie . not English -RRB- . This may be true for very young kids who are still piecing together their own native language , but you can not achieve adequate immersion in a classroom setting for only an hour or two every couple days.This book 's Spanish to English and visa versa reference is horrible . It does n't even reference certain key words in phrases you 're supposed to be able to translate for the assignments . It 's completely fundamentally flawed for anyone over the age of 13 . As I said , for younger kids , it may work , but for those of us who have a solid understanding of English - save your money . You 'll only become confused and frustrated if you do n't have a lot of help .
 I moved to spain a year ago , but in the 6 months before i left nyc i decided to take a spanish class to give me a head start.my teacher was a native spanish speaker , so i trusted his decision when he required this book . i should ` nt have.i quickly realized -LRB- after 3 lessons -RRB- that you do n't learn a foreign language by memorizing list of related vocabulary . i 'm sure we all remember that from high school , but how many of us actually learned how to speak a language that way , no one.once in spain and entered in a school with a real book , i realized that you learn by natural assimilation of ideas . A chapter or theme might start with a silly picture or story , and go from there . as the topic is further discussed , it brings in further vocabulary in a way that is natural.memorizing lists works for no one !
 The first 40 pages of the workbook had allready been completed in pen which made it very difficult to use .
 Well , initially when I got the book everything looks good until the day I began to use the book for class asignment . I found that the pre chapter and chapter 1 was teared out . I 'm dissapointed because I ca n't use the book anymore .
 When I purchased this workbook , I expected it to be the same version as the one sold by the City College of San Francisco . But it is not . Because the complete workbook must consists of two parts
 Do yourself a favor and do n't bother with this book . It starts out as the dream novel every baseball fan has been wishing for since `` Shoeless Joe . '' But , it quickly disintegrates into a story of friendship , true love , self-indulgence , and over-the-top cliche baseball drama.Another reviewer spoke of misspelled street names - even worse Mark McGwire 's name is spelled incorrectly twice -LRB- McGuire - what MS Word suggests as the correct spelling -RRB- . How can anyone respect a baseball book that spells a Hall of Famer 's name wrong twice - what 's next Babe Rooth ?
 The book is readable but by the end I was wishing I had n't wasted the time spent reading it . The author creates a character in Russell Bryant who is a sportswriter who does n't really seem to like his job or sports in general . He 's not a likeable character to begin with and the choices he makes throughout the story make him even less so . But at least he 's realistic . The character of Casey Fox is a complete fairy tale . A rookie catcher who is inexplicably the greatest ballplayer of his generation even though he quit little league and did n't play baseball again until college . So he leads the Red Sox as they chase down the Yankees in the pennant race - despite several of his outlandish and childish stunts.The ending is utterly ridiculous and made me want to give up on reading altogether .
 Being partial to the Red Sox , and catchers , I thought this might be the one . The book has a promising start as Casey Fox and his Boswell Russ first cross paths at a college baseball game , and it continues to fulfill the potential for quite some time but ultimately sputters out , like a minor leaguer who gets hung up at the AA level . There is much to like , including the exploration of the Red Sox conundrum and the state of the Game , but it unfortunately veers into the pedantic . Two of the main characters are drawn well enough to hold the reader 's interest , but the female lead is flat , a disappointment .
 *** WARNING
 Nice if you 're part of the generation that uses smart phones and can read things w/o magnifying glasses . Bought this book for my uncle who enjoys WI 's short stories , but could n't read it . They need to go back to the drawing board on this one and UPSIZE the repro 'd pages to the SIZE OF THE PAGE , NOT A DOWNSIZED SNAPSHOT.I would not recommend this book . But not due to its content , just its poorly done implementation . I gave it 2 stars instead of one for preserving the original content , but if based only on implementation , a BIG FAT ZERO would be the only appropriate rating !
 The book that I read was called The Legend Of Sleepy Hollow And Other Stories . The author of the book was Washington Irving . I thought that was book was n't that great . That depends on if you do n't mind an old-fashioned type of language that they spoke . I thought that the book was a little too complicated for me because I did n't understand what the people were saying sometimes.I thought that the actual theme of the book was pretty good , but otherwise I did n't really care for it that much.I 'd reccomend this book to anyone who ever read the actual verson of Sleepy Hollow and liked the story.By , Andy C.
 I feel while there are some aspects of this book that are good , such as singing some rap songs ... the actual sedar is out of sequence !!!! This meal is called a seder , from a Hebrew root word meaning `` order , '' because there is a specific set of information that must be discussed in a specific order.In this book , the story is told first , then the four questions are asked . I think the authors could have kept the fun in this but done a better job following the correct order .
 I must have read a totally different book from the NY Book Review reviewer because I would never use the word `` hilarious '' to describe this book . I must agree with the reviewer from Wisconsin who just found the author annoying , whining , and unsympathetic . This book is going into the Goodwill pile .
 I always look forward to a Julie Hecht story in the New Yorker magazine , and I really wanted to like -- no , love ! -- `` Do the Windows Open ? '' Unfortunately , there just is n't much substance to a book full of Ms. Hecht 's musings -LRB- it 's a definite `` stretch '' to classify what she comes up with as stories since there 's no plot , no character development , no climaxes or denouement , nothing much at all as a matter of fact -RRB- . She is certainly a clever writer , and she comes up with thoughts and images that are downright hilarious on occasion . I literally laughed out loud while reading `` Do the Windows Open ? '' But it 's pretty much a case of what you see is what you get -- there 's no depth , just sort of a `` stream of consciousness '' skewed look at the world through the eyes of an upperclass , New York literary type . I fervently and sincerely hope Julie Hecht will put her estimable comic writing talent to better use in the future
 This book came to me very highly recommended . I gave it my best effort . I 'm highbrow , I mean , I can endure all kinds of dull things if there 's lurking merit , but I could n't endure this . The characters are flat . The narrator is about as likeable as that of _ American Psycho _ . It 's Cheever without the wit . Old-school New Yorker types leading New Yorker lives . I could n't stand listening to this woman if she was sitting next to me in a restaurant or coffee shop and for the same reason I do n't want to read a book from her point of view
 It 's hard for me to work up any compassion for rich , spoiled , snivelling neurotic New Yorkers , even if they are fairly bright . Some critics have labelled this a `` scathing satire '' , but I 'm doubtful -- I think the reader is supposed to sympathize with this character , and perhaps identify -LRB- which might be remotely possible for the 1/10th of 1/1000th of 1 % of Americans who live the wealthy NY life -RRB- . Even given that it is a satire , it 's still hard to give a fig
 I bought this book on the strength of the NY Times review and regretted it . The perspective and appeal of these stories are very narrow . I found myself bored with the privileged , neurotic protagonist and her comments on the inconveniences of modern life for the upper classes . A search for organic coffee in the Hamptons does not great fiction make . This territory has been covered by other New York writers and entertainers -LRB- notably Jerry Seinfeld -RRB- in a much more imaginative and entertaining fashion . Laugh out loud funny ? It 's not . The quality of the writing is unexceptional and does not redeem the one-trick-pony story line
 I bought this book based on the title story which I had previously read in The New Yorker Magazine 's anthology of New York stories . The title story is really good but , overall , the book is a `` 2 '' . Do the Windows Open ? was a light-hearted , amusing and imaginative read ; one could easily imagine having panic attacks while riding on a bus from Manhattan to the Hamptons with a load of strangers . To pass time during the long trip via the Long Island Espressway , -LRB- scary in itself -RRB- , Hecht assigns imaginary personalities and lifestories to fellow passengers . The attendant feelings of being trapped with an assorted busload of strangers is where the author 's creativity shines . In fact , it is laugh out loud funny . I wish Hecht could have continued along this path . However , the rest of the book goes from engagingly quirky to whiny ... Hecht writes archly about her macrobiotic lifestyle and makes judgmental observations about everyone who does n't share her addiction to twig tea and brown rice . It 's hard to feel the pain of a privileged , super neurotic wife of a university dean of architecture . The author has n't much to do except take exercise classes , have expensive sunglasses reproduced in Germany , or bear the torment of the summer heat as she wilts in Manhattan , East Hampton or Nantucket , while fitfully photographing flowers and doctors . Why does she bother to see a reproductive specialist when the reader never gets a hint that Hecht even likes children ? That is a question only her therapist can answer .
 this book is SAD ... not funny at allfrom the very first sentence , i wanted to stop reading it , but unfortunately , it 's like watching a car crash , or picking at a scab , you know its going to hurt , mentally and physically , but somehow , you just have to keep at itthe main character in this book is one of the saddest stereotypes of a new york woman i have ever ever read aboutshe makes the women from sex and the city look as smart as katherine hepburnshe has more mental problems than anyone i 've ever met here , i mean , this woman can only be in the city if it 's below 40degrees ? everyone she sees with blue eyes is an anti-semite ?? she can only ride a freaking bus by being doped up on xanax ??? and she feels guitly by assisting in the cooking of someone else 's meat dinner ... . jeez ... who IS this person ?? why would any intelligent human being strive to create a fictional character this loathesome?i certainly pray that i never meet a real person like this , UGH ! i think i would need a xanax just to deal with HER!there 's not a single plausabile character trait to her!sad , just an incredibly sad book
 I read a lot of books and this is really one of the worst I have ever read . There is no plot , no likeable characters and no point . I will admit , there were a rare few sentences that made me smile because I suppose they were mildly ammusing , but over all this book was a complete bore . I could n't wait to finish it so I could start something worthwhile . I would only recommend this book if you would like to read about a completely confused and neurotic woman who needs some serouis mental help .
 Awful , unfunny , poorly written . The book 's sole redeeming quality is its pretty cover.Can ' t imagine why there was a sequel . Ca n't bear to imagine how bad her Andy Kaufman book must be.Yuck .
 Godfrey Lienhardt 's Divinity and Experience is a classic and sensitive ethnography of Dinka religious life . This 2003 paperbook reprint by Clarendon -LRB- Oxford University Press -RRB- , however , does a great disservice to Lienhardt by eliminating the plates that were present in previous editions ! Plus , the $ 95 list price is borderline criminal . I would give this edition zero stars for omitting the plates and the exorbitant price , but out of respect for Linhardt 's magnificent work , I am giving a rating of two stars in order to spare him the indignity of a lowest possible rating . Do yourselves a favor and buy a cheap used copy of this edition or pay the few extra dollars for an earlier edition that includes the plates .
 I made the purchase because of the multiple languages involved , but it is really not a multilingual dictionary . Well , there are 8 sections with different primary language entries , but unfortunately , as a native Chinese speaker and a student in linguistic field , I can not figure out the way the Chinese words are organized , neither by pronunciation nor stroke number . For example , in the Chinese section , ther first word is `` juji '' -LRB- to gather -RRB- , the second one is `` ju-zhi-xianwei '' -LRB- polyester -RRB- , and the third one is `` tui '' -LRB- leg -RRB- . I do n't see any logic in this sequencing , linguistically or realistically . There is no instructions explaining this works . So , there is no way for me to use this dictionary . Judging from my limited Japanese knowledge , the Japanese words are not arranged in alphabetical order either . If this is also true for the Korean section , 3/8 of this book is not usable .
 This book is a photographic reprint of an original published in 1883 . It is one of the earliest grammars of the Burmese language , of largely historical interest . I knew this when I ordered it . No information other than the reprint itself is included -LRB- e. g. any explanation of the relation between this particular edition and others both earlier and later -LRB- Judson died in 1850 -RRB- . The list price -LRB- $ 13.07 -RRB- is not excessive , but the reprint itself is rather hard to read , particularly the examples in Burmese script . The reason I can not give this item a reasonable rating is that it is missing pages and contains unwanted pages . Immediately following the title page are two pages which apparently represent mistakes by whoever photocopied the original . And the reprint ends on page 49 in the middle of its discussion of time expressions . How many pages may be missing is not clear . These problems are not the responsibility of Amazon , but of the publisher , whose name does not appear on the volume , but Amazon 's information gives as Nabu Press . It 's an example of unscrupulous exploitation .
 Lynn MARGULIS has been one of the great microbiologists and evolutionary biologists of the XXth century . Her research on symbiogenesis will one day be remembered as a breathtaking and path breaking discovery . She had the imagination to see , and the stamina to prove , that Neo-Darwinian selection could not be the only game in town , when speaking of evolution.She was not properly honoured for this insight , which is an enduring shame , for which the profession should apologize . Reading Thomas Kuhn should have provided her some solace , and the realisation that a profession battling creationist dogmas could not let go of its own dogma without `` loss of face '' . Alas , in this book she grossly overstates her case - and destroys her credibility . Not only is the argument inadequate , but the acid , rambling , digressive and aggressive style does her good case great disservice . It is tragic to see a good case self-destruct . The issue is not - and I emphasise NOT - whether symbiogenesis occurs . That this is so to me is obvious . The issue is whether symbiogenesis is the ONLY source of evolutionary innovation . The author states this repeatedly , particularly in the first part of the book . And here she is wrong.If a `` species '' is composed of all beings that are composed of precisely the same set of symbionts -LRB- pg . 142 -RRB- , then symbiogenesis should occur every time a new species arises . The cells of each new species should show evidence of this process , either in form of a new chimera , or by incorporation of a new genome somewhere in the old set . This Dr. Margulis fails to show . If we take as a point of departure than homo sapiens sapiens is 97 % the same genome as apes , which are `` new genomes '' that were acquired on the way - and not just once , but 5-7 times at least over the last million years ? Furthermore , if she postulates a mechanism for acquisition , she better have one for shedding genomes that are no longer useful . Alas , `` de-acquiring '' does not appear in her text . Yet , if the only way to change is to acquire , either we have a portentous `` chain of being '' or genomes have been shed along the way . It would make sense
 Here 's a tip
 THIS IS A SHORT REVIEW FOR A SHORT BOOK . THE MATERIAL PRESENTED IS NOT ONLY A BRIEF AND SOMEWHAT UNINSPIRED REHASH OF POP-EVOLUTION BOOKS AVAILABLE ELSEWHERE , BUT WOULD APPEAR TO BE A REHASH OF SOME OF HER PREVIOUS BOOKS . SAME THEORIES , BUT WITH A FEW NEW EXAMPLES . DEFINITELY NOT INSIGHTFUL . IF YOU 'VE READ SOME OF HER PREVIOUS BOOKS ON EVOLUTIONARY THEORY , OR OTHER GOOD POP-SCIENCE BOOKS ON THE SUBJECT -LRB- LIKE GOULD , DAWKINS , ETC -RRB- , THEN YOU PROBABLY DO N'T NEED TO READ THIS ONE . I 'M NOT EVEN SURE WHY THIS BOOK WAS WRITTEN . THIS NON-FICTION NICHE IS ALREADY OVERWHELMED WITH SIMILAR MATERIAL .
 If you primarily present your theory by insultingly tearing down simplified misrepresentations of others ' theories , as Margulis & Sagan constantly do in ` Acquiring Genomes ' , your theory is almost certainly suspect.It 's not clear why the authors find it necessary or even desirable to claim that speciation ALWAYS stems from symbiogenesis , especially when they 've gone to great lengths to demonstrate the promiscuous opportunistic nature of Life . Why shoot down one less-than-fully-satisfactory engine of speciation -- random mutations naturally selected -- merely to erect another one-size-fits-all speciation engine?A sampling of free insults
 Margulis and Sagan 's theory of how organisms share genetic material to create new species is worth considering . Sadly , instead of giving us the theory , the evidence and the implications in a coherent flow , the book is staggers from one topic to another , oftentimes leaving you to wonder what any paragraph has to do with the one before it or , for that matter , the subject of the book . These many discontinuites make this a difficult read . In addition , the authors use many terms which the lay reader may not know , and which do not appear in their limited glossary . In the first ten pages of the book I ran across polyploid , archaebacterium , eubactierium , and karyotic fissioning -LRB- which the authors promise to explain in chapter 12 ! -RRB- . The diagrams are also disappointing , including one which gives a color code for a black and white diagram .
 I 'm usually pretty forgiving when it comes to evolutionary ideas but I simply found this book unpleasant and unconvincing . The authors derided many scientists who do n't seem to agree with them . That 's pretty arrogant since the idea of evolutionary symbiosis seems overstated and many related arguments weak . For example , the authors assert that many terms such as `` group selection '' are pseudoscientific . That 's code for `` I do n't agree with it '' which only means the authors do n't really understand it . Another sentence , for example , refers to a `` student-infested house '' . Why pounce on students ? Do the authors think that 's cute or funny ? To assert their own ideas , they also denigrate Darwin and present him as some muddy thinker . Oh please ! Even though Acquiring Genomes has a 150 year head-start on Darwin 's Origin of the Species , the latter is still a much more convincing read .
 I 've obviously stumbled on this book when I do n't belong here . The book is hard going technically - I can understand each sentence , but it clearly expects a fair degree of biology education . Then , much of the first few chapters seems to be a heated defense of a battle that I was unaware of , between darwinists and neo-darwinist or possibly between both and the author/s . I would n't mind , if there were a balanced effort to understand the differences . But the lay reader is required to deduce positions based on just critical arguments against . And while I understand the complaints about terms such as `` competition '' being misleading and nontechnical , I do n't find attacking terminology to be a useful way of disagreeing with other scientific positions.Another problem I have is the argument that some researchers have been in the Galapagos studying finches since 1978 and has seen changes such as beak length , but no speciation . I may be misunderstanding this example but I have never heard that speciation , no matter the selective pressure , was supposed to happen in periods of a few decades.But there are very interesting glimpses and perspectives in between all this kind of stuff .
 In an earlier work Margulis , who is a distinguished scientist , recounted her struggles in getting a theory accepted which is now part of the orthodoxy
 I was almost ready to seriously consider Margulis ' and Sagan 's revolutionary theory until I read Sagan 's update , in which he writes `` Because chromosome arrangements differ slightly in closely related mammal species -LRB- e.g. , dogs and wolves -RRB- that no longer breed with each other ... `` Everybody knows that wolves and domestic dogs CAN breed . You can buy wolf/dog hybrids from breeders such as http://www.dogpage.us/wolfdogs.htm.If one of the authors is this removed from common sense , I wonder about the rest of the theory . And I wonder if his mother knows what he 's up to .
 This is a photocopy , with none of the character of the original , which is only about $ 10 more . The photographic plates do not photocopy well . The enthusiasm and feeling of the text is greatly enhanced in the original , small hardcover .
 This books was released just after the four books in the Malaussene series . The problem is , the author tries too hard to make it different from his other novels . -LRB- Mind you , it IS different , in the sense that this is the ONLY novel that does n't deserve five stars . -RRB- Basically , this novel is written like a play -LRB- hence the name `` au theatre '' -RRB- , and it features the main character , Benjamin Malaussene , talking to his baby . The thing is , to understand all the topics mentioned in this book , you HAVE to have read the four previous books . And if you HAVE read the four previous books , then all ` Malaussene au theatre ' is doing is repeating these events . But instead of happening , the events are merely told to another person -LRB- the baby -RRB- as if they were stories.If that is n't bad enough , Malaussene tells things to his baby that he had already told him in some of the preceding books -LRB- where he was talking to his baby while his baby was still in the womb -RRB- . The only difference now is that the baby is OUT of the womb . But there is no difference for the reader , who learns nothing new.Basically , I 'd call this book a waste of time , although you can hardly call it that
 Cannery Row was a poor example of John Steinbeck 's work.John Steinbeck wrote many great books , but this one did not keep my interest . I realized that during the depression was a really hard time for people , one book is enough for the topic of the depression . I believe if I had to get some sleep then I would just read this book . The one great thing aboout this book is that it showed human kindness to others no matter what their profession is .
 My opinion of the book is that is was too long and extremely too boring . It kept going to different subjects it made no sense at all . But there were some good parts in the book , like how everyone wanted to do something go for Doc . Mack and the boys were respected by everyone in Cannery Row they were like the town bums .
 Cannery row was n't in my words the most exciting book I have ever read -LRB- throwing slabs of meat against a wall would of been more amusing -RRB- , but it was n't the worst book I have ever been forced to absorb -LRB- The giver -RRB- . If you 're an adventure seeking reader -LRB- like me -RRB- this book is probally not for you ... especialy if you 're forced to read it for english class ! Perhaps if the writter had worded the book a little differently it would of been better ... * stops and thinks * -LRB- possibly ... not ... -RRB- * sweet drop * . Now that I 'm done slammin on the book I might as well not scare you off to bad -LRB- you poor souls who have to suffer as I have -RRB- ! There is one interesting part in the book , its the part where Mack and da boys get drunk and trash Doc 's place ! thats all I 'm telling you ! Your gon na have to tape your eyelids open and read it yourself !!! * laughs maliciously *
 I bought a paperback that included both `` Of Mice and Men '' -LRB- OMM -RRB- and `` Cannery Row . '' For me , `` Cannery Row '' seemed like it was not written by the same author . Whereas OMM had me in its grip , even though I have seen several movie versions , `` Cannery Row '' left me asking just what was so great about Steinbeck anyway?I just think whereas OMM is a timeless story -LRB- the story of two guys , one smart , one not-so-sharp but innocent , trying to make a buck will play out forever -RRB- , `` Cannery Row '' just does n't seem to withstand the test of time . Yes , Steinbeck has some nice still-relevant social comment about the impact of the automobile and how the traits we do n't admire in someone are the same traits that can make one successful . Howver , outside of that , the story was just a mediocre character study . And therein lied the problem for me-too many characters I had no interest in.I have to side with the other reviewers who suggest Steinbeck 's other work in order to absorb the full wonder of this man .
 Nice descriptions of the Monterey Bay area where the book takes place and very realistic characters is about all you 'll get from this work of Steinbeck 's . What 's missing is a story . The main focus is on the efforts of some bums to do something nice for Doc , a kind but lonely marine biologist who was apparently based on Steinbeck himself , but the book meanders from that plot line through stories about a Chinese grocery man , a quasi-French painter , a slightly bats housewife , a madam and her suicidal pimp , among many others . The only thing they really have in common is where they take place . They are all largely boring . And then in the end , you do indeed wonder what the point was . THIS is a classic ?
 I had to read this book for school , and it was no fun . amspacherb@pgcs.com, I actually did n't laugh hysterically at the beer milkshake -- I thought it was stupid . Sorry . Greg B. from CA -- I 'd have to agree with you . No plot , no main characters ... the only good part was the poem .
 Personaly , I did not like the book cannery row.The book was not action packed enugh for me.The carectors were very boring and didnt have much meaning to their lives.The book also jumped arond a lot and i didnt like that because it took my consentration off the main plot of the story and i got lost and it was very confusing for me.I though the auther needed to use a wider rang of vocabulary in the story as well.I would not recamend this book to many people , it is nonsenes .
 I started reading this book about six months ago . I got about halfway though and then I stopped . I kept thinking I would go back and finish it . But , alas , I am sure I never will . I just ca n't get back into it.O.K . I understand . Published in 1945 , this is a classic . Set in the 1930s in an area of San Francisco called Cannery Row , it 's supposed to depict the lives of some real people and a way of life that is no more . This is where the sardine canneries are . And this is where a bunch of enterprising `` hobos '' live in a makeshift building where their big joy in life is drinking a lot of alcohol . They are drunk all the time or trying to get drunk . Sometimes they go into the countryside and bring back frogs for a doctor who is doing medical experiments , but mostly all they can think of is where the next drink is coming from.I just did n't like the characters . They seemed like they came straight out of a comic strip . Perhaps the book has some literary or historical value . But I could n't find it . And that 's why I 'm not planning on finishing it .
 Boring plotless attempt at literature .
 This is the seventh Steinbeck novel I have read , and also one of the worst -LRB- The Short Reign of Pippin the VII is worse -RRB- . I loved The Red Pony and Of Mice of Men , so I branched out , reading some of his lesser known works . Big Mistake . This novella has no focus , no character you can relate to , no plot to speak of , no definitive climax , and no business being read . I daydreamed through most of it.The reason I do n't give it one star is because Steinbeck , like in most of his novels , provided a great description of post-war Cannery Row , and did a decent job of presenting violence on the periphery -LRB- kind of like the news today -RRB- . We see glimpses of violence but we , nor the characters are ever directly affected . Furthermore , the novel 's ending is decent , comparing Doc 's lonely isolation to that of a gopher being attacked while trying to seek out a mate . Unfortunately , most things leading up until the ending is uneventful , constantly interrupted by dead-end subplots , and lacking in intrigue .
 Cannery Row is an okay book . I think Steinbeck threw in some unwanted and confusing chapters . If those chapters had more substance to the plot then it would be better . Out of the books I have read in school this is one of my least favorite , but not as least as the Great Gatsby . But in the book I did like the characters Mack and the boys , I liked how they were had no cares . Doc was also another likeable character . Because he was nice and like to try new things . Plus he was forgiving but sometimes to forgiving which I think is a big weakness .
 This book was ok . One reason i did n't like it all that much really had nothing to do with the book itself , it is because any book in school i read i do n't like it . So i guess that is not a really good reson for not liking the book . I 'm not to sure that i liked Steinbecks way of writing . He would have odd chapters in there that did n't go with the story line . It threw me off . Then again some of those chapters were were kinda cool.If you are tired of reading the odinary kinda book and are looking for a change i say read Cannery Row . I myself woould not recomend this book .
 Steinbeck spends far too much time describing the setting instead of a plot . I kept waiting and waiting for ANYTHING to happen and nothing did . Although interesting in the first two chapters , you quickly get sick of the disjointed `` plot '' . A vivid setting does not make up for the absence of a story .
 I have read several of Steinbeck 's other works . They are generally good . This book , although , is slow moving and has several irrelevant chapters thrown in . The ending is definitely not what I expected .
 BEEN THERE AND THE BOOK WAS SOMEWHAT A DISAPPOINTMENT . NEEDED MORE INTERESTING STORY FOR SUCH A WONDERFUL PLACE . MAYBE SOMEONE ELSE WILL WRITE A BETTER BOOK ABOUT THE PLACE .
 Some of you will undoubtedly consider me a terrible person for despising a classic by illustrious novelist John Steinbeck . But when I review , I have a policy of honesty , and I honestly did not see the greatness of this book . The writing is good , yes . The characters are interesting , yes . The plot , however , seems to be missing . I kept waiting for SOMETHING to happen , but the honest-to-God plot of this book seems to be that a couple of strange characters in Cannery Row during the 1930s decide to throw a party for their friend . It 's very short , but it was a fight for me to get through because nothing happened . Some of the best characters are introduced for a chapter and then never return . When I make these laments to Steinbeck lovers , they scoff at me and say `` But , see , it 's a character study . '' I can see that , but in my opinion , it just is n't enough for the book to be good . So while I 've certainly read worse books , even worse classic books , Steinbeck only gets two stars . My opinion will not change .
 I brace myself for writing a negative review of a Pulitzer winning popular book . Many will not appreciate it , but here it goes ... Cannery Row may serve as a great book for an English class or a book club , but it was not enjoyable . There is so much ambiguity and you can spend hours discussing the meaning behind incidents and actions of characters . How do you really know what the author meant or was trying to convey ? Even if you did , what makes him the authority on that subject ? Like a great political speech -LRB- great from the speaker 's standpoint -RRB- , you can take from it what you want . The genius of a book like this or the speech is the vagueness . Some may make a valid argument that if it promotes discussion and thought then it is a great book.The characters in Cannery Row do not seem real . They were not convincing or behave like real people . I do not think Steinbeck was even intending for them to be real . As in East of Eden they are more likely to represent a human condition . I think this is better done if the book is realistic . The alternating chapters also broke the flow of the book and added to the dullness . I recommend avoiding this classic book unless you are unfortunate enough to get it for a reading assignment .
 definitely not the item that i was expecting . VERY tiny . not a regular size notebook like i was expecting . very pretty design , but not worth what i paid for it .
 when an item says notebook , it should be notebook size . this item was memo pad size and i purchased 3 for the school year for my daughters . being 4x6 size was disappointing , i already purchased small memo pads for them to record homework assignments .
 This notebook is pretty , but it 's so small I do n't have much use for it . I probably should have looked to see what size it was .
 Boredom , more boredom , the argument is not interesting , father Quart is not credible , everything is told several times ... I liked La tabla de Flandes and El club Dumas , but I hate this novel .
 This is the first of Perez-Reverte 's novels that I have read . I found his descriptions of Seville interesting and the plot was engaging . I was a bit put off by the fact that all of his priests , monsignors , bishops , etc. , -LRB- even the `` good guys '' -RRB- readily admitted an utter lack of faith in the Church they purported to represent ; but I still found the book well worth reading . Having seen from some of the other reader-reviews that this is considered by some to be Perez-Reverte 's weakest book , I look forward to reading the others .
 I read this with great anticipation and was let down . The characters are trite , a little sterotypical and the interaction between the two main characters was laughable at times . This novel plods and moves but never really engrosses you . In fact you begin to forget the mystery .
 `` The Seville Communion '' has insurmountable problems
 I bought this book because I found The Club Dumas to be excellent . I was deeply disappointed . Where The Club Dumas sparkled , The Seville Communion merely exists , and while The Club Dumas transcended its genre , The Seville Communion is deeply rooted in it . And that 's a shame , because it means the mastery exhibited in The Club Dumas is a one shot deal rather than the arrival of a major literary talent
 A handsome priest is sent by the Vatican to investigate mysterious goings-on in Seville , after a hacker breaks into the Pope 's personal computer and issues a warning that a church there `` kills to defend itself . '' The Church , `` Our Lady of Tears '' is slated for demolition , and two people involved in its potential closing have already been killed . Perez-Reverte provides long -- I 'd say overlong -- descriptions both of his characters and of Seville , including , for example , list of the names of 27 bars in one section of the city . I read this book because it was on the list for my book-club . Maybe I 'm just not enough of a mystery-lover , but it did nothing for me .
 I was looking forward to an intelligently written novel What a disappointment this book was . I could n't believe that anyone enjoyed this weakly written novel . It reqired no thought and in fact I was annoyed by all the cliches . The first rule of writting was ignored by this author.I ca n't finish his book because I am bored by his poor writing skills .
 Having read and tremendously enjoyed both The Club Dumas and The Flanders Panel by Reverte , I looked forward to another labrythine and intellectual tale . I was highly disappointed . The plot , or lack of one , is bad enough . Then , I could not decide if Reverte wanted to present a philosophical treatise or a mildly comic novel -LRB- clearly , he missed both points , if he was even aiming at them ! -RRB- . I will now approach his books with far more caution than I would have previously . If you enjoyed the two I mentioned above , save your time and money on this one .
 it is perhaps appropriate that the bulk of this novel takes place in a musty old Spanish church in the act of being restored , as the writing a plotting here are as musty as the material . It pains me to say this , as I loved Perez-Reverte 's `` Flander 's Panel '' and `` The Club Dumas '' . But what those two books carried in flair and style , this one replaces with dull characters and a plodding pace .
 This book was highly recommended to me but turned out to be a major disappointment . The characters were one dimensional , the mystery was less than compelling and the writing was sub-par . The author kept interrupting the flow of the mystery with these supposedly humorous scenes with some bumbling co-consipirators . It was n't funny , it was n't mysterious , it was just bad .
 What a disappointment . Most of the main characters , aside from Priamo and the investigator , are entirely one dimensional and give you the sense of an author who filled out a character development worksheet -LRB- ok , this character wears silver bracelets , crochets a blanket for her long-gone trosseau , and has a spit curl -RRB- and then plugs in the appropriate details by formula over and over again . I finished the book and could list only two or three superficial details I knew about all three of the co-conspirators , the duchess , the banker , etc. . The first few chapters were interesting but the promise quickly dissipated , to the point where I was skipping who paragraphs in the last chapter in an attempt to just finish the thing . NOT what you 'd expect a reader to do in a suspense novel , but Arturo Perez-Reverte just does n't make you care.I give it a two rather than a one star rating only because the character of Father Priamo is relatively well drawn and interesting . But it 's hard to hold a book just on the basis of one character.This reads like the work of a mediocre college student .
 I had really grown to enjoy Perez-Reverte 's books after first reading some of his other stories such as the Fencing Master , the Flander 's Panel , and the Queen of the South . I thought I 'd gotten a good bargain by purchasing this book at $ .45 , but sometimes it 's better to hang on to loose change . In this book , the plot was weak from beginning to end , and the climax was unrealistic , even with a stretch of the imagination . I was completely disinterested in the characters whom for the most part were unlikeable , anyway . On several occasions I thought about putting the book down , and had I not been spending a week on the beach with not much else to do , I probably would have . This book gave me the impression that the author was simply trying to fulfill his contract with the publisher to write a certain number of books , regardless of quality , before a certain date .
 For those who read The Seville Communion expecting to find in it the same amount of ingenuity and action as that in The Club Dumas , get ready to be dissapointed . Seville Communion does not hold its own when compared to Club Dumas . For those who have not have read the better of these two books , The Seville Communion might be an enjoyable read . The three cuasi-villains are simply charming , and the narration manages to capture the beauty of Seville and the status-conscioussness that so well defines Spanish society . But as for the action itself and the novel 's central characters , they are more one-dimensional that one would hope , coming from the writer of The Club Dumas . To the author 's credit , the narration and language are rich in allusions and share many intellectual winks with the educated reader . As amusing as this might be at times , it can also seem pompous and superficial at other times when Perez Reverte seems to just be trying to show off that he is wordly , well-read , and educated . The novel is inconsistent in pace , in that it starts off as a page-turner , and then fades into a monotonous and slow pace from which it never really recovers . You 'll be lucky if you can muster enough curiosity or perseverance to finish it .
 This book makes my top -LRB- or better yet , bottom -RRB- ten list for the most boring books I have ever finished . I do n't have an explanation for why I finished it except that I kept waiting for it to get better & then seemed to be at a point of no return .
 A real letdown . Club Dumas was somewhat interesting , so I picked this up . In Seville Communion , the writing is lame and incredibly flawed , there 's little feel for Seville -LRB- except that it smells like oranges , ok , I get it already -RRB- , the characters are cardboard , and the plot is thin and obvious , except when it gets to the end , where it 's just ridiculous . A total waste of time . This is the sort of thing Dean Koontz would 've tossed off 20 years ago . I guess I was expecting more from a Spanish writer .
 Nothing irks the mystery reader more than noodling through a somewhat logically-derived story , only to be served a ridiculous ending like that offered by Reverte in The Seville Communion . Frankly -LRB- and I 'm about to give the mystery away here , so be warned -RRB- , the ending - the whodunit - made more sense before the last page , which served only to insult the reader . Yes , I know , the priest was playing the martyr . The point is , Vespers made more sense as Methusela than the young nun . I ca n't possibly be the only one who thinks this , am I ? I concur heartily with other reviewers who found the writing tediuous , the characters linear and wholly noncompelling , and the plot/story absurd . In addition , I found Methusela to be a half-baked version of Walker Percy 's Father Smith , though Reverte 's Smith was n't nearly as compelling or intelligent as Percy 's . In my estimation , Reverte has yet to write anything quite worth investing time or money into reading .
 I must have missed something that others got from this book . I found this book BORING ! The characters , especially the comic relief trio , were incredibly inane . It was obvious who was the killer and the hacker about 25 pages into the book . I am sorry that I wasted electricity powering a light to read this book by . Upon finishing this book I quite cheerfully hurled it into the garbage .
 After `` Club Dumas , '' I was ready for at least some interesting portions of Perez-Reverte 's `` Seville Communion . '' Instead , I got a Catholic `` company '' man thrown in among cookie cutter characters who prompt him -LRB- somehow -RRB- to a crisis of conscience leading to a change in life . All this after he conducts some sort of investigation into mysterious deaths inside a Seville church . Fr . Quart 's character is quite simply absurd - well , they all are from Gris to Macarena to Pencho to Don Ibrahim . But that 's not the problem
 This book 's strong point , if any , is humor , something I would not have guessed from its advertising . Because of its extravagant characters and dialog it is occasionally reminiscent of The Confederacy of Dunces . But it is also humorous in a way Perez-Reverte may not have intended -- because of its mistakes about the practice and language of a Catholicism he is trying to lampoon , the improbability of his action and dialog , and the number of times that the translator -LRB- also not sufficiently acquainted with the Catholic jargon -RRB- gets almost but not quite the right word . When someone thinks there are 3000 archbishops in the world -LRB- page 21 -RRB- you can hardly believe him when he talks about the faith life of priests or the sexual fantasies of nuns . The characters are unreal , and so they and their deeds and consequently what there is of a plot are not believable . The cover touts it as a novel of suspense , a thriller , a whodunit , but it is in no way any of those ; it is not until after page 300 that we even have a bona fide murder . I found the book boring , and when the surprise endings finally came , I was just glad the book was over .
 This is quite an enjoyable book , but it never gets into top gear . The pages turn over quite quickly , but neither the plot nor the characters are convincing or particularly interesting . There are too many characters and most of these are rendered purely for comic effect . The shabby villains are very reminiscent of the losers who perform similar functions in Graham Greene 's early thrillers . They may work as amusing caricatures and one might argue that the book 's collection of failed flamenco singers and useless ex-bullfighters is ironic - a mockery of other countries perceptions of Spain , but the book needs more than irony , jokes , lustful priests and glamorous aristocrats . Neither the Vatican nor the computer angles are rendered with much conviction and there are many long passages that add nothing to the slim plot or our understanding of the characters .
 While I am a BIG fan of Perez-Reverte 's work , The Seville Communion was a big let down . I have come to expect more from this literary master.I found the plot and the characters stilted and i could not even finish it . The plot could not hold my attention and I found myself more intruiged with doing the laundry than finding out who dunnit.I hope that Perez-Reverte 's next book picks up the pace and is more akin to his first two books . My best advice for this book is do n't bother .
 The Seville Communion would make for a great graphic novel -- Actually , it * was * adapted into a television movie in Spain -LRB- `` Quart
 The Institute for American Indian Studies did not review this book . The attributed review originated with the author .
 I found this book to lack depth and explanation . It vaguely lists certain herbs and plants that are of a healing nature , but the true content I was looking for was not here . I wanted more in-depth remedies for particular ailments , where this book applies certain remedies to a very hazy and small range of problems . I was also looking for a guide to ritualistic traditions rather than unmeasurable herbal concoctions .
 I gave the book two stars , one for the beautiful cover and the other for the simple fact that all the photographs were in black and white . ` The Art of Nude Photography ' disappointed me greatly.I would have preferred a book that depicted all bodies , ages , and genders . This book focused on beautiful , young , slim women . At times I thought the composition was overly commercial and unimaginative . There were a handful of photographs that I thought worthy of a 13 `` x10 '' coffee table book but not enough to make it worth buying.girldiver ; -RRB-
 I have liked all of this series , but this one is the weakest - seems to be a lot of duplications of recipe types -LRB- ie 3 or 4 simillar fish recipes . . -RRB- . I still like the resturant overviews and layout tho . This one just seemed stale . . -LRB- the Southern book is TERRIFIC . -RRB-
 I gather Mr Seagrave is a journalist , and not a trained historian . His sloppiness shows on the cover -LRB- She was not China 's last Empress -RRB- and in the author 's note which claims China had three ` reigning empresses ' . This last shows clearly that Mr Seagrave does n't understand the subject . It 's difficult to know what exactly he means by the term . Ci Xi was an Empress who had an remarkable degree of influence . Other Empresses had varying degrees of influence . Ci Xi was not a ` reigning empress ' if that means she was formally the monarch . Only one woman , Wu Zetian , ever held that position , and she should rightly be called Emperor , not Empress , as there was no concept of 'Em press ' in imperial China other than as the consort of an Emperor . Writing a special note in the front of the book to lump these three together and imply that they all held the same position , presumably in order to emphasise the remarkable power that Ci Xi held , irreparably undermines Mr Seagrave 's credibility .
 While there exists little in Chinese history that is not thoroughly fascinating , Sterling Seagrave manages to tirelessly and in great detail , unsubstantiate every myth surrounding the last empress of China . She no longer maintains any sort of mystique , as it has been entirely laid bare by someone who is too intent on debunking the half-truths presented by the Europeans . Previous reviews that state that the book lacks of biographical element have it right , with as much pomp and circumstance as possible , the author seeks to prove his postion as a self-proclaimed `` expert '' rather than relaying the story of what could have been a truly fascinating woman .
 she was a great evil woman that had appeared in the last Qing Dynasty.For instance
 An interesting read , but wildly problematic , and I 'd like to discuss the problems.First , the author is constantly going on about wild sex parties . I mean , over and over . It should have been limited to a quick condemnation of Edmund Blackhouse , but instead he goes on and on about every example he can . Even in the follow-up notes , he includes an unrelated tangent about a Chinese journalist he knew in Laos that liked going to Thailand for sex with a pair of minors ... huh.Also , he has no pretense of objectivity . Certain characters in this book become villains , and the author gives the impression of cherry-picking facts and adjectives to denigrate the people he does n't like . One victim of this treatment , for instance , was depicted as a fool for `` flunking '' the Imperial exams , and `` barely passing '' on the fourth try , when the Imperial exams had an incredibly low pass rate , and passing on the fourth try would have been considered an impressive achievement.Third , he seems to be concerned with attacking the common wisdom that Cixi was some kind of sex pervert , when I do n't think anybody actually holds to this view . Certainly scholars do n't , and I think to the extent that Cixi is part of the common wisdom , it 's in the image of a wasteful monarch , reigning over a government that was out of touch and antiquated . So a lot of this book came off as an angry attack on a straw man , in the form of a book that has been generally acknowledged as false for the past ninety years or so.Fourth , the author himself does not speak Chinese ! He feigns skill at being able to remove the prejudices from the scant Western accounts of the era , but one ca n't help but feel that he attempted a project for which he was wildly unqualified . This is especially important for a book of this nature , where the author is claiming to unveil a secret history - when he ca n't read the vast majority of 1st hand accounts , all he can do is infer from the standard line.Anyway , the author writes in a readable style , his web of conspiracies makes for an interesting read , and he may even offer some interesting insights on the times , but ultimately this book has to be considered an entertaining historical fiction , rather than the significant piece of scholarship it pretends to be .
 Do n't waste your time reading this sorry screed , polemic failing to masquerade as history . Written in a constant rage with a huge chip on the shoulder and many , many axes to grind . The author loses all credibility as he goes along
 I have studied late Ch ` ing dynasty in detail from Chinese sources and can safely say that I have never encountered a more distorted and fictional view of the period . Seagrave 's thesis that the ` evil legend ' of Tz ` u-hsi was invented by Bland and Backhouse is false
 It gives you a reason to be scared . This book will make you cry , frightened and most importantly , grossed out . Why would you be grossed out to the point were you must make your latest meal come out of you oral cavity , you ask ? If you must know , guts and gore and so much more are what make this book gruesome.Drought , dryness , heat , no food , no water , how would you like to live under these circumstances ? Why would you want to even read about those conditions , I know I would n't ? Besides the fact that there are guts and gore there are dead animals , sacrifice , and the most gruesome things ever . Why would you want to read this book ?
 Heart of a jaguar by Marc Talbert was heart-stopping , as in animals ? -LRB- and humans ? -RRB- hearts were prematurely stopped . This book was about a Mayan boy named Balam . Balam was fourteen years old in the middle of a draught in the year 1200 or so , and the whole novel is about his village trying to please the gods so they would send rain . There is a lot of bloodletting and fear of forest spirits who will try to capture you and haul you off to eat you . In the end Balam?s wife to be gets snitched away by people from another village and in an attempt to exact revenge Balam kills a jaguar , which makes him superior to everyone else , so his village sacrifices him . The end.I did not like this book because it was pretty boring and didn?t really have a plot . It was also way too bloody to be in any way likable .
 Heart of a Jaguar by Marc Talbert is not a interesting book at all . The book is very boring and the language is some times very confusing . The book is about the life of a Mayan boy living in the forest , that goes thought tough times trying to live without it raining for ages and trying to find out why he is always seeing Jaguars . One reason to not read this book at all because it is very boring . When the book first starts out , it seems like it will be about culture and you have no clue what is going on . Another reason that you should not read this book is that the language is confusing sometimes . The charters will refer to native names of items and you have no clue what they are talking about . This book is very boring and confusing I would not recommended this book at all . A reason why someone might disagree is because the book gets a little more interesting after you read far into it . Like when the tribe finds an enemy that threatens their life . That reason is not good enough because it is to boring to be able to keep reading up to that parts when it gets more interesting . You will be glad that you listen to me and save yourself the money .
 Heart of a Jagaur is about a boy named Balam who lives in a Mayan village close to Chichen Itza . He is 14 years old , and really wants to become a man and live in the bachelor house.I gave this book two stars out of five stars because it was a really gory book that was way too desriptive . It teaches you about the Mayas , but the author really did n't have to describe a person reaching into a jaguar and taking out its heart ! -LRB- Like it did . -RRB- Overall it was a bad book -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- and I recommend you never read it unless you like gory , descriptive books .
 I thought that the book was not the best I have EVER read , it was NOT a book I would recommend to people and that I would like to read again . I do n't recommend it because it is VERY graphic in details about sacraficing . The ending was my favorite part was the ending . If you want to know something about the Maya
 Heart of a Jaguar book had an O.K. plot , and there were some good parts . However , the gorey parts made the whole book unenjoyable for me . Since many of them are not appropriate to discuss on the internet , I will not give examples - but they were disgusting . Occasionally the characters did inappropriate things , or used profane language . I know this was how people acted in Mayan days , but the discription of some things was a little bit much . So if you love reading about bloody and gorey things , you would enjoy this book .
 This book was an ... interesting view into a proposed Mayan village , and the author used too many gross parts and too many adult analogies , as this is classified as a `` children 's book . '' This book may be historically correct , but it should NOT be classified for children .
 Heart of a Jaguar is about Balam , a Mayan boy . His village is experiencing a severe drought . They give a lot of blood to the gods , but it still does n't rain ! In the process of giving blood , there are some very disgusting parts . Meanwhile , strange things happen to Balam . A fish from Xibalba -LRB- the underworld -RRB- appears , and he meets his dead twin brother and mother . Eventually , they decide someone must be sacrificed . I did n't really like this story because some parts were disgusting , and I did n't like the plot either .
 Heart of a Jaguar is well written with reasonably good descriptions , but does not have a good plot . On the back of the book , it talks about how the city is having a bad drought and they try sacrificing a dog , but it does n't bring rain , and will they ask Balam to make the greatest sacrifice of all ? When I read this it told me exactly what would happen in the end , but I wo n't give it away . None of the stuff on the back of the book happened until some time near the end . Random events occured up to the ceremony that were n't that important to the story . This book is accurate with what the Mayan culture was like , but has a very bad plot . Also , this book gets very descriptive with the bloody descriptions when it is not incredibly important . Overall , I did n't really like this book
 I think that this book is an ok book . The author describes the characters and scene well . He uses vivid words to describe the setting . He created a good plot and you could never set the book down . The characters are very adventurous . All the characters have their own personality with different characteristics.There are scenes in which you feel like you are really there . He makes the violent parts dramatic and scary . The author can get carried away at parts but he keeps you hooked through the whole book . You could almost cry at the end . He makes you terrified at violent parts , like you are watching everything happen . There are also some gross parts , when you wish you never read .
 The Heart of a Jaguar was a pretty o.k. novel with inaproprite parts . It tells all out about the Mayan civilization .
 The book heart of a Jaguar is really weird . It 's about a boy named Balam ; he lives in a villiage near Chichen Itza . There was a terriable drought . The people in Balam 's villiage has to please the god with sacrifices inorder to get rain.It has a lot of violence thorough out the book .
 Heart of a Jaguar was a fun book to read , but I would n't reccomend it to anyone who does n't like violence . This book is not gory except for a few scenes which are really bloody . I gave this book 2 stars -LRB- I would have given it 2.5 , but I ca n't -RRB- because I am not a gory and bloody person . The book is a good read -LRB- about 210 pages -RRB- . I liked most of the book , but some was not my favorite -LRB- the bloody parts -RRB- . Heart of a Jaguar is about a boy who lives in a village around the time of the Maya . His village is near Chichen Itza . The main problem in the book is the village is having a drout . The village needs water to grow maize and the gods wo n't provide rain . They do may rituals and sacrifices but it is n't enough . Balam kills a Jaguar but it may not be enough . Will the Jaguar bring rain and what will happen to Balam ? Read Heart of a Jaguar to find out .
 In this book , there is a drought in Balam 's village . It tells about Balam 's life in the Yucatan , and their strugle to bring the rains . Balam is eager to become a man , and he kills a jaguar , thinking that this will please the gods and bring the rains . However , it does not.This book depicted a lot of violence , blood and gore , and had a sad ending . I would not recommend it to people who do n't handle blood well .
 I think that the book was not very good . Its plot was the same as alot of other things that I have seen and read . It was about a boy growing up in a Mayan family . He is trying to become a man . The town is at a major water loss and they need to make a sacrifice . The end of the book is where you find out what the major sacrifice that they need to make is . I did not like the book because it is very nasty in a couple of ways . One of the main ones is goriness . All in all this book has a very usual plot and is nasty and not a good book .
 While the concept of condensing the thoughts of international philosophes for the benefit of students is laudable , the reasoning employed in this book is frustrating and prone to have the reader littering the margin with comments . Here are a few examples :1 -RRB- p. 10 `` The first viewpoint is well expressed by Martin Wight in an unusually provocative paper ... '' -- This quote does not tell us if the author only finds few of Wight 's papers provocative or few of any papers provocative . 2 -RRB- p. 61 `` On other issues his -LSB- Thomas Aquinas 's -RSB- reasoning is less satisfactory , as when he places community above the individual ... '' -- One could easily argue that many extremely reasonable people have placed the well being of the community above that of the individual . This is part of the last sentence of the chapter on Aquinas , and Thompson gives no explanation for why this reasoning is `` less satisfactory '' . 3 -RRB- p. 79 `` Much as Plato 's critics found that the idea of the philosopher king was antidemocratic and totalitarian , some of Hobbes 's critics make that charge . Forgotten by Hobbes 's critics was the individual 's voluntary relinquishment of certain rights through a compact or social contract . '' -- This blanket statement about Hobbes 's critics is doubtful . Hobbes 's critics likely feared that the voluntary relinquishment of rights would again foster the development of non-voluntary , totalitarian regimes similar to what they had seen in times past . 4 -RRB- p. 8 `` If philosophy is defined as an unusually stubborn attempt to think clearly , then a comprehensive philosophical approach to world politics should lead to the rediscovery of our place in history . '' -- The philosophical mind often determines that there is no beginning or end to time -LRB- history -RRB- . If that is true , then the `` rediscovery of our place in history '' is impossible . It would be akin to trying to establish a fixed point on a line which has no beginning , no end , and continues to lengthen.An alternative may be `` Classic Readings of International Relations '' -LRB- Phil Williams , et . al. -RRB- which provides less commentary and focuses on excerpts actually written by many of the same authors discussed in `` Fathers of International Thought . ''
 `` STELLA ! '' This was probably the most memorable line of this movie which was not , to state it diplomatically , one of Tennessee Williams ' best works . Marlon Brando was at his worst in acting , as was the case with Vivian Leigh . The French Quarter of New Orleans never looked worse , and the story-about a school teacher who had an illicit affair with one of her students - was also sick . I saw it once and regretted having done so . For many reasons it 's far from being recommendable .
 Although it is considered an American classic and continues to be popular , I found A Streetcar Named Desire a total waste of time . The melodrama of the lives of the three main characters barely redeems the pointless plot . The story can be compared to the whinings of a `` Jerry Springer Show '' guest ; over the top and barely believable . A Streetcar Named Desire gives a perverted glimpse into the life of Blanche , a natural victim who marries a gay boy . Her confused life-partner ends up killing himself , which sends Blanche into a vortex of self-pity and phoniness . You later find that her sister , Stella is n't any stronger as she subjects herself to her abusive husband . As if these weak female characters were n't offensive enough , the character of Stella 's husband is stereotypically portrayed as a drunk `` Pollack . '' A Streetcar Named Desire is nothing but a sad story about hopeless characters . The possibility of a deeper meaning is lost in the Southern soap opera . I would n't recommend it to anyone .
 I 'm not generally impressed with plays and movies of this era , as they portray a time when it was considered acceptable for men to treat women as property . Women endured physical as well as emotional and psychological violence , without a inkling that something may be wrong about that . When Blanche encourages Stella to leave Stanley after he hits her after the poker game , I agreed very firmly with her . I was amazed that Stella returns , and that she still stays with him after what he does to Blanche near the end of the play . Blanche is written as flighty and slutty and her final fate is galling because I believe she 's the only character in the play with a lick of sense . I found myself reading this quite quickly because I just wanted it over with . The whole thing repulsed me .
 The choice of copies of _ The Streetcar Named Desire _ -LRB- required reading for high school academic Englishthis summer -RRB- seemed to narrow down to ones withlurid covers or this plain one . Unfortunately , the textis almost like a typewritten script -- small print anda little hard to read .
 Williams describes in the play different characters and the life of those three characters . There is Blanche , a sentimental woman who is afraid of the light and on the other hand there is Stanley , Stella 's husband who is a rude man and likes gambling and drinking . Between these two characters is Stella Blanche 's younger sister who really loves her husband and who does everything for him and could n't live without him . I think it 's difficult to get these three characters together for a play with a lot of tension as Williams did . When I read the end for the first time I was a bit surprised because it sounded really brutal . But now I have read it again and I think it 's the best thing for Blanche to live in this mental hospital because there she can live her own life .
 Personally I only got this book because I needed it for an assignment . I do n't know why teachers ca n't seem to update their literature cause this book was so boring I could n't stand reading it . Why ca n't we read something like Harry Potter ? Typically I enjoy reading books but this was just terrible .
 A Streetcar Named Desire , is an interesting play written by Tennessee Williams . It is a play full of eye opening scenes . The Play is something that everyone can read if they are mature enough . If you are looking for a lesson or moral in the play then be prepared to search . At first the only lesson you may end up learning is life stinks according to this play , but you have to look deeper then the surface.I think Tennessee Williams main point in writing was to show his audiences that life does n't always go your way . Something or someone could always come up to make your life harder . Maybe it is something from the past or your present but you never know what is going to happen until it happens . You can see this in the play when Blanches past comes to get the better of her , and when her future becomes unpleasant.From this play , I have personally learned to stay away from your desires because they will only lead you to the cemetery . The cemetery will only take you to Elysian Fields , which is the Greek word for a place like heaven . If you get on the Streetcar named Desire and follow the line until the end , your last stop will only mean death.Another lesson that I learned is not to judge anyone by their outer appearance . Instead , get to know who they really are on the inside . You never know , the most beautiful people could have the ugliest hearts . Take in example , Blanche . She looked elegant , beautiful on the outside but on the inside was an old , ugly , liar . Also Stanley , on the outside he was muscular , handsome , a military man , but on the inside he was a mean , over controlling , abusive caveman.In conclusion , this play was not , in my opinion , the best play to read . There has to be a certain maturity level to fully comprehend and understand this play . To anyone who feels up to a challenge and has a certain higher level of maturity , have at it !
 I did not like A Streetcar Named Desire because threw out the entire play there was arguing and fighting . I did not like the ending either because nothing really got resolved . I believe that Tennessee Williams 's main purpose in writing this play was to tell people not to judge people right away.The reason I believe this was his purpose for writing the play is because in the very beginning of the play I thought Blanche was a good person and Stanley was not . But after I found out that Blanche was lying about so many things I started to hate Blanche and side with Stanley . Then at the end of the play I hated both of them because Stanley raped Blanche and Blanch was mental and lied . Though I felt pity for Blanche it was no excuse for lying about her past and her future Stanley had an anger management problem which caused him to do some really bad things and Blanche wanted every thing her way and lied a lot.Another thing I believe was Tennessee Williams 's purpose in writing the play was to show you how life was around him . In this play Stanley drinks , plays poker and rapes his wife 's sister . Also Blanche is mental and lies a lot.One lesson I leaned from reading A Streetcar Named desire is that if you do not tell the truth you will get found out . Also not telling the truth may not only hurt you but other people 's lives as well . Blanche lied a whole lot to everyone . She did not like the way her life was so she thought she would tell people what she thought ought to be true . Then finally everyone found out she was a liar . It not only hurt her but it hurt other people too.I also learned that you should not be afraid about what other people think of you . If someone loves you only because you are rich or look good then you should not be with him/her . I believe this because Mitch would have liked Blanche if she told him the truth about her age and her past and if she said she was sorry for what she did . She also should have said she would never do that again . I do n't think Mitch really cared about how old she was either , and I do n't think he liked Blanche always being in the dark.The last thing I learned is you should always tell the truth no matter if it is good or bad . It is easier to forgive someone if they told the truth then if they lied about it . Blanche told lies thinking it would get her out of trouble when actually it got her into worse trouble.I would not recommend this play to you because nothing in my opinion gets resolved in the end . I would recommend this play to you if you do n't care about the ending . The reason I think this is because other wise it is a interesting play .
 I choose this book because it seemed very interesting , also I had never read a play before . I would NOT recommend this book to anyone . There seems to be no plot and everyone acts encredibly dumb . I have to find three themes to this book and so far NONE !!!!
 The most boring story I ever read , The story of a crazy woman his sex maniac sister and the ape of her husband . All is surrounded by the tipical sexim of William 's plays . Do n't waste your money
 I had to read this book for school . I do not recommend it to anyone . Boring , Boring , Boring , Boring . That sums it up . Blanche is out of her mind . Stanley is just mean and cold . Stella does n't see the true colors of Stanley or Blanche . Boring , Boring , Boring , Boring
 I assume that people interested in audio versions of O'Brian 's novels have already read the books . So , listening to to the book is a supplementary pleasure that can follow a great read . My rating here has nothing to do with the literary quality of the work in question . The whole Aubrey-Maturin series is superb . But if you want to listen to them I warn you to stay away from any of the versions read by Simon Vance . His are tedious , monotonous readings , in which he is unable to sufficiently differentiate the characters , with their diverse accents from around the world . For example , Maturin grew up in Ireland , and should therefore have a bit of an Irish accent . Vance ca n't do it . Rather , he gives us wooden characters that makes Jack sound like a bombastic jerk , and Stephen like a mincing prig . And in his hands , Diana sounds like a silly simpering ninny . An actor , not just a reader is required . I highly recommend Patrick Tull , who recorded the entire series with consistent success and enthusiasm , as well as John Lee , who unfortunately only recorded the first 6 volumes .
 I am a great fan of the Aubrey-Maturin series , so I am loathe to write anything negative . However , I have struggled to finish `` Post Captain '' . It is tedious reading , and dull for the most part . The book never really establishes a plot line . It shifts through a listless struggle between Aubrey and Maturin 's romantic aspirations , and then back to Jack 's dicey struggle with his chain of command . The book confuses and makes painful reading at times . It lacks the sublime feeling I had from reading other volumes in the series .
 I found Patrick O'Brian 's `` Post Captain '' to be a plodding and literary `` dense '' read . I spent more time trying to decipher the archaic prose and search for sailing terminology definitions , then actually reading and enjoying the book . Also much of the `` action '' took place on land - another detraction from a high seas naval adventure . Much more readable and enjoyable are C.S. Forester 's Horatio Hornblower novels that will transfer the reader to the age of `` wooden ships and iron men '' without the ponderous wording or having to master the British Seamanship Rules of Sailing Terminology.Glad I borrowed O'Brian from the local library ... and was not out any money ! Beat to quarters ... but steer clear of this one !
 I was amazed by Master and Commander and resolved to read the entire series . But then I got to Post Captain , and it was like having a bad dream of an Aubrey-Maturin book . Crossing the whole country on foot disguised as a performing bear ? Was I supposed to take this seriously ?
 Simon Vance 's narration would be comical if I had n't paid real $ $ for this . `` Aubrey '' sounds like a pre-pubescent male mocking a grown-up , and `` Maturin '' sounds like Smithers -LRB- The Simpsons -RRB- . I checked out the tapes from our library with Patrick Tull as the narrator and all the true wit and color appeared . True conversational narration . I normally do n't write reviews but I was so disgusted I just had to put this opinion out there .
 I will continue to read the series , but I must say it could have been enhanced had there been some glossary of the nautical terms used so profusely . I would have expected nothing less mind you , but unlike having a good dictionary for other words , there were many terms to be found nowhere . It can make for some rugged reading.Still , the book is worth the effort . I am just not sure the full enjoyment is available to those who are not intimately familiar with sailing and with sailing a vessel during the Napoleonic era.And who am I to judge a book ? Because I spent money to buy it .
 Some of you may be familiar with the movie that bears the same name as this book . It shares a lot of instances with the movie , even though it takes place on a smaller sloop instead of a frigate . Several movie scenes were derived from the book , including some instances of dinner time banter , as well as the rigging of a decoy raft for the purpose of throwing off a pursuer at night.The story follows Jack Aubrey as he finally receives a ship to command , a 14 gun sloop captured from the Spanish , and named the Sophie . He acquires a valuable friend through his love of music , named Stephen Maturin , who turns out to be a physician and an amateur naturalist . The battlefield is the Mediterranean Sea , and the home base is Gibraltar . Most of the book deals with the extraordinary success of the Sophie as a merchant raider taking various prizes across the southern coast of Spain and France , culminating in her greatest feat , the capture of the Spanish frigate Cacafuego -LRB- which translates just how you imagine it would -RRB- , a much larger , more powerful vessel . There does n't seem to be a great driving plot to the story other than a telling of events , along with a few side-plots which seem to be only of mere cursory importance , largely due to O'Brian 's writing style.Patrick O'Brian writes in a style that 's hard to follow , partly because it 's written in the English of the time , and partly because it 's exceptionally dry for what someone would expect from a war novel . The concept was very sound , but I had a hard time feeling as inspired about what was happening , without closing my eyes and adding my own visuals to the plot , and imbellishing the passion behind a lot of the action . This is illustrated by a few of the instances that were adapted to the screen for the movie featuring Aubrey . For one example , while speaking about his encounters with Lord Nelson , I remembered the setting vividly from the movie , with the decent performance from Russell Crowe , and the reactions and faces of the men around him while they listened . The gravity of the moment was very well portrayed . In the book , it passed like the droll reading of a ship 's log . His story was stuffed in a paragraph of speech and passed as dryly as everything else , with hardly any descriptive detail given to Jack 's reverence for the subject , or the emotional reactions of those listening . So much of the book is like that , so it helped me to keep a running movie in my head , adding much needed descriptive seasoning to what I was reading.The book had its high points , and even a few amusing points . O'Brian seems to write better when there is n't much in the way of action going on . Though , at times , the characters have a hard time just being direct with one another , and in effect , the reader has to be sharp enough to read between the lines of what they 're saying to get the real meaning . A case in point was when Stephen was examining Jack , only to declare that his problem had to do with the woman he was sleeping with , Captain Harte 's wife , had been surprisingly friendly all around . I do n't know if I 'm supposed to derive from this that Jack had contracted a venerial disease , or if it was simply a warning about the threat of Harte 's grudge . Either way , I wish that in this , and in many other instances , O'Brian had made the effort to make things more clear.The book left me without the urge to continue the series . Maybe I 'm an uncultured bafoon , but I 'm not going to force myself to read things that do n't appeal to my sense of entertainment . I do n't think I should have to envision descriptive imbellishments and then hope I 'm correct , in order to feel enthralled by the books I read .
 To Mr. O'Brien : Damn you sir . A well-written book , but you leave the exploits of Aubery and Maturin , and the status of Mss . Sophie and Diana quite unresolved ... a blatant call to purchase the next novel.I shall read no more of your scrivening , sir , Forester would not leave his readers hanging so . Your technical knowlege is not sufficient to save you . Were I a Gentleman , I should challenge you at the next opportunity . Enough !
 This is one of the worse novels I have ever read - The writing is so broken apart it seems that pages must have been pulled out of the book . The author jumps forward and backward and into different scenes and times without any appropriate lead . This writing would have received a failing grade in most college level courses .
 _ Out of the Silence _ shows us the downward spiral of three years without being able to speak , not knowing what God was doing . It must have been as difficult and discouraging as Joseph 's years before he was exalted as a leader in Egypt and later saved his family . Duane teaches us much about learning from God in difficult times .
 I do n't know what book the other reviewers were reading but it was n't the one that I read . This is one of the most unrealistic historical fiction novels I have ever read . The main character , 17 year old Catherine , survives a Native American massacre by hiding in some bushes by the river . She then goes out wandering in the wilderness and comes across an amazingly well stocked abandoned cabin . The author later explains that the owners of the cabin left in a hurry to go out further west . It seems extremely odd that they would n't take their food supplies with them but would instead leave them in their cabin . It gets worse from there . The main character , Catherine , manages to make her own bow and arrows and teach herself how to use them . The basis of her ability to do so is that her Austrian father prepared his family for immigration by telling them all about how Native Americans live . She also figures out how to cure animal skins from those same stories and these skins turn out to be perfectly cured . Also , she has never heard of the practice of trading or slavery . Basically , her father told his family all about the practices of Native Americans but failed to mention slavery or the concept of purchasing goods through trading . Catherine even visits the remnants of her wagon train after approximately a year and manages to haul everything home . Then , she miraculously discovers the gold coins hidden by every family in the wagon train in the remnants . These are just a few examples . Basically , a few games of Westward Trail would be more enjoyable and actually provide a more accurate portrayal of the times .
 I bought this book and struggled through it to review for my certication exam , and I did alright , but I noticed a few instances where either through typographical or proofreading errors the book presented incorrect answers to its sample problems . I also felt that this book 's section on calculation review was written to sell the calculations manual available from the same series . If you have n't done serious calculation work for some time , this is not the review for you . I use calculutions frequently as I work , and even so , these authors managed to make me question my ability . There are probably better review books available , but I was too cheap to buy another after spending $ 35 on this one .
 This book offered many helpful pointers to a technician who has n't done hospital work and needs some refreshing on mathematical procedures . But if you 're turning to this book for Chapter 7 's Top 200 Drugs , be prepared to learn incorrect information . There were strengths that were n't listed , incorrect strengths listed , and the use of the drugs was vague to questionable . The practice tests also differ from the actual certification test . I spent hours stressing and trying to memorize facts and dates that the actual test never even touched on . Some was helpful , but some was not quite right .
 As a pharmacy-tech instructor , I 've used this series and am not impressed -- neither were most of my students . A new book -LRB- PTCE prep book -RRB- by Mosby is available and is excellent . Good luck to all taking the new computerized PTCE !
 This book is the worse book ever . It only has 50 pages to prepare you for the pharmacy technician and the rest are just exams . For those who have pharmacy experience , this book would be okay for you but for those like me who does n't have any and would like to self-study , then it is n't for you . Honestly , the book is just a complete waste of money . It is only 170 pages or around there while the other books are over 400 pages . The book is also useless in preparing for the exam because I did n't pass by using this book . It does not mention drug interactions or touch on it unlike Del Mar 's book . This book is a piece of crap . Do not buy and waste your money . You will not pass the exam if you buy this one because it barely expands on the topic . I recommend Del Mar 's book because it has the most pages ever -LRB- 600 pages . -RRB- Best book there . Just do n't buy this one .
 To date I have still not received product I ordered and would like a refund immediately . I would have been cautious if I had read her previous reviews , apparently I am not the first person to purchase an item that they never receive . The money was taken from my account immediately but the shipment was never made . Amazon.com needs to review their sellers before people start looking at purchasing from other sources .
 I like Shute , and I am a frequent visitor to Queensland , but this novel and its characters seemed dated and unsatisfying . It was a 1952 `` thought experiment '' about a future for Queen Elizabeth and Australia that would bring us up to the present . There is a political agenda ; this is less a `` yarn '' than what Shute is known for .
 This was the first book of the series that I 've tried and this book did not catch my interest . Maybe I would have enjoyed it if I 'd read some of the earlier ones but this book was very dull and had little action . I 'll stick with Horatio Hornblower .
 The chance to make a movie better than the book . Maybe if you invested your time in reading all the books in this series you might feel an emotional attachment to these characters but from reading this one book I did n't . It was n't hard to read as in challenging , it was hard to read because it did n't hold your attention . I could be slightly biased after reading the `` Lymond Chronicles '' if you want challenging , here 's the series for you . Exciting and breathtaking and not enough words to describe the series . The `` Lymond Chronicles '' is the best of the best . Warning , the first book is the hardest to get through but so worth it at the end .
 This is my first O'Brian book , and after reading it , I can surely state that it will be my last ! I do n't get all the furor about what a great series this is , because I found that , even though I finished the book , I did n't enjoy it very much . The plot -LRB- what there was of it -RRB- moved at a snail 's pace , and kept getting interrupted by naturalist lectures and other really boring asides between the characters . There was more than enough going on with nautical terms that had me scratching my head in puzzlement , and that certainly took away from the reading enjoyment . Nothing much happened in the book , and it went through several hundred pages for this nothing to finally come to an anticlimactic end . Mr. O'Brian certainly has his rabid fans , but I for one will not join them !
 I assume that people interested in audio versions of O'Brian 's novels have already read the books . So , listening to a reading version is a supplementary pleasure that can follow a great read . My rating here has nothing to do with the literary quality of the work in question . The whole Aubrey-Maturin series is superb . But if you want to listen to them I recommend that youy stay away from any read by Simon Vance . He is unable to sufficiently differentiate the characters , with their diverse accents from around the world . For example , Maturin grew up in Ireland , and should therefore have a bit of an Irish accent . Vance ca n't do it , and offers stuffy readings that makes Jack sound like a bombastic jerk , and Stephen like a mincing prig . And in his hands , Diana sounds like a silly simpering ninny . An actor , not just a reader is required . I highly recommend Patrick Tull , who recorded the entire series with consistent success and enthusiasm , as well as John Lee , who unfortunately only recorded the first 6 volumes .
 I found this book in the airport news stand and bought it without having read any others of the series . While reading , I thought often about just putting the book down and going on to something else - I was n't carrying anything else.Having read the other reveiwers , I will accept that possibly I would have been better able to understand the story 's origins had I read the other 9 books first . Also , I accept that the vast amount of detail missing at the end of the book may be found in the next of the series . I thought - and still wonder - that maybe there are omission of paragraphs , pages , and possibly chapters from the printing I have.I was looking for a stand alone story , not a book I would need to read nine before-hand and one or more afterwards to `` finish '' . If you want to read one book to decide if you like the series , this is not the one .
 The 10th book in the Aubrey-Maturin seagoing series . This was my least favorite so far in the series . O'Brian 's books are always episodic , rather than plot-driven , but this story seemed even more of a collection of random incidents than usual . In this book , the Surprise is sent to protect the British whaling fleet in the Pacific . Along the way , there 's adultery , a murder , a shipwreck , sharks , a lesbian band of runaway Polynesian women , and much , much more . Maybe O'Brian had writer 's block and a deadline when he wrote this one , or maybe he was just `` having us on . ''
 I do n't know if it just the electronic version or if the printed version was the same way . It 's a good book but the paragraph and chapter structure are almost nonexistent . One paragraph seemed to run over the course of several days starting with two characters having a conversation and going several more characters were the original two were no longer present and eventually ending with one of the original characters -LRB- I may be exaggerating but not by much -RRB- .
 I should have looked before I checked out this book . there were no pics and some of the rhymes did n't . I was disappointed . I felt I wasted my monthly book .
 I read Suzanne Strempek Shea 's 3 previous novels and really enjoyed them . I was really excited when I found out she had a new book out and immediately checked out from the local library . I 'm about 40 pages into it and do n't think I care to finish it . There does n't seem to be much happening so far and barely any dialogue . The descriptions are long-winded and put me to sleep and seem to take precedence over any kind of plot . I do n't really care one way or another about the characters so far as I did in her previous books . I 'm wondering if the author is trying out a new style . If so , I miss her old style . I 'm glad I did n't purchase this book but only borrowed it . It 's going back this week .
 So full of mistakes . Where ever she got the patterns she did not translate them well . Totally ripped off Dot Matthews . Bought rights to her pattern and did n't even write it correctly .
 I could n't wait to get my hands on this book when I heard it was coming out , and I even submitted a couple patterns , but unsuccessfully.I like the photographs and the text of the book , but many of the patterns are really copies of stuff I 've seen elsewhere that I did n't download or buy . That 's the bad part about ordering online , you ca n't look a book over , but I was desperate to see what was inside the pages!At least my own patterns-diaper pants and fun fur tap panties -LRB- which at age 35 I wore to a Nine Inch Nails concert ! -RRB- - were innovative AND original . I felt so let down with this book . I really expected more , such as a freeform crochet project or modular crochet . None of Stoller 's projects are comparable to what crocheters are doing in Austrailia , New Zealand and the U.K. Perhaps that 's why I 've reverted to buying knitting books , including in German and Japanese , to translate into crochet patterns.I really hoped Ms. Stoller would help put crocheters in a new light with this book , but I guess we have to wait and see what Lily Chin 's upcoming book has in store for us .
 I really liked the first Stitch and Bitch , but lost the reader since then . The last book was ok , but I found Vogue knitting much easier with less mistakes . Here again , there is a disconnect with the author so the content I am not understanding . Maybe I 'll just take a class and get it .
 I am going to return my copy . There are many mistakes in the patterns . If you buy this book , be sure to go to her website for the countless errata pages . Or just wait until a correct edition is published . The patterns are cute , but as another reviewer said , you can find similar patterns on the internet or in magazines for free . Although she created none of the patterns , she is seen modelling almost every one , with her leering face on practically every page.The history of crochet section is not original . In fact , much of it is a rehash of a truly great crochet book , `` Encyclopedia of Crochet '' by Donna Kooler.The instructions are confusing for a beginner and Ms. Stoller flatly refuses to acknowledge left handed people . She haughtily says that left-handers will just have to learn to do everything in the book backwards , `` and I mean everything . '' Feh .
 BE WARNED ! there are too many mistakes in this book . if u dont believe me , look at the online `` corrections and clarifications '' page . my advice
 Having crocheted for a few years , and having learned to knit from Stitch 'n Bitch Knitting , I was excited to see what Debbie Stoller had to offer the world in the way of crochet . This book has some nice patterns , which is why I went out and purchased it . The instructions are clear and , as with her other books , cute and fun.However , if you 're a lefty looking to learn to crochet , there is NO WAY you could learn to crochet from this book . Do n't even try.The one -LRB- !! -RRB- sentence of instructions for lefties says it all . On p. 27 , the instructions tell lefties to either learn to crochet right-handed -LRB- which seems like a real cop-out on her part and , frankly , irresponsible -RRB- or `` reverse everything - and I mean everything - in this book . '' And that 's it . No other instructions , tips , NOTHING . Learning to crochet with your right hand would be equivalent to learning to write with your right hand
 I 'm an advanced crocheter and I 've worked up several of the patterns in this book . While I love the hip designs and great explanations of the various stitches , the errata in the patterns leave me banging my head against the wall and spending lots of money on yarn for projects that have to be re-worked to get the desired end result . Debbie Stoller does n't post the pattern errata online -LRB- maybe because she did n't write the patterns herself ? I do n't know -RRB- , so obtaining corrected patterns is not an option . I 'm rating this book low on the star scale as the purpose of this book is to successfully work the patterns and be proud with the end result , is not easily acheived with the errors .
 This is a fun book ; very inspirational . That being said , unless you are an experienced crocheter -LRB- or know one -RRB- , put away your wallet and save yourself the time -- the hours -- you will spend ripping back and puzzling over instructions
 I was so excited to get this book -- Finally a crochet book with cute patterns . Here 's the problem -- I am not a beginning crocheter and I had problems understanding some of the directions . On the more complicated patterns , they just are not clear enough . On top of that , there are so many errors that you 'd better check the errata page for this book before beginning ANY pattern . When you have pages on other websites dedicated to co-crocheters trying to help one another figure out how to work through a pattern , I 'd say you have a problem . Still , several of the patterns are cute . So , if you have a very good handle on crochet and reading patterns -- and you have a lot of patience , go for it ! If you really are a beginner , go for something that was edited better !
 I do n't normally crochet other people 's basic crochet patterns . I 'm a crochet pattern designer and publisher and do n't find basic crochet interesting or challenging . Well , I was wrong on at least one point . It was challenging . It 's sad to see a book that made it into professional publication , so poorly written . The patterns are impossible to follow . If you keep trying to make the projects and are actually able to finish one or more , you will have had to re-write the patterns . This seems to be happening more and more in the industry . Leisure Arts is the best in the business for pattern writing . That 's who I used as my mentor when I began to write and publish . I borrowed their style , with a some of my own modifications.One of my students brought this book to me and asked me to help them figure out one of the patterns . In the end we just had to abandon the pattern and make it up as we went . This woman does n't have a clue what she is talking about . If you do n't know what a cluster stitch is -LRB- and she does n't -RRB- , then she is not a crocheter and has no business pretending to write a crochet book . She appears to just make things up . How this book got 119 positive reviews I 'll never understand . She must have 119 friends , editors , publishers , co-workers , and more friends to lie for her . She should be ashamed.Poorly , poorly , poorly done.I do n't care how cute the patterns look . If you ca n't understand the instructions , then it 's just a picture book that will sit on your shelf till you finally try to re-sell it on Amazon.Bottom line , do n't buy this book .
 There are some great patterns in this book ... but SO many of them are wrong , mis-printed , and have errors ! Some of the illustrations are wrong too.There are tons of updates on their website for the `` correct '' patterns -LRB- they call them erratas -RRB- - but what a pain to have to cross things out and re-write them . Is n't that the point of buying a pattern book , so that you have an easy reference?I purchased as a gift for my sister who is learning to crochet . The first half of the book is written for the beginner , with detailed instructions . She was so frustrated , after spending hours on a project , only to find it was n't working . -LRB- it was after investigation I found the erratas -RRB- This book is headed for the recycle bin
 The patterns are cute , the layout of the book is phenomenal and it 's instructions are easy enough for a beginner to learn from.However there are patterns that are a little ... off . And by off I mean , holy cow , how did this get into publication being so flawed ?? Somethings I was able to just `` wing it '' and others ... not so much . The book is n't a total waste , but if you do n't go into it knowing of the flaws then you 're in for a nasty shock in some cases . I would recommend getting this book second hand , but for full price ? Not so much .
 Too much text not what i expected maybe my local library will appreciate a donation
 I have seen this book way overstocked at the book store and wondered what the fuss was about . I happen to my neighbors garage sale and saw that she had it for $ 2.00 . I got home and tried it but it was too cutesy to follow . Thank god I only paid $ 2.00 .
 I got this book , because I heard such great reviews on the other books . However , I am completely turned off by this book . I will look to the other crochet titles for what I am looking for as a beginner .
 This book from title right through to content is a copy of other peoples ' work . If you want a good crochet book to learn from I suggest Vogue Knitting on the Go
 Happy Hooker is neither a book about a hooker or how to crochet . This is less than mediocre - try Vogue Knitting on the Go
 This book is great as far as instruction on how to chrochet and she actually has stylish hip projects that you would really wear and fool others that they were purchased and not a homemade project . However upon making one of these projects I began to realize that the instructions were incorrect . I went to the Stitch n ' Bitch website and there were corrections for the FIRST edition . Mine was the second and still contained errors . I emailed the author at the email listed on the site and received no aknowledgement on how to complete the error filled pattern . I winged the project myself and it turned out okay , but I would n't recommend the book as the correction page on her web site was extensive and I worry that other projects will still be problematic which is frustrating when so much time is involved in doing them .
 This books has so much potential , but I was severely disappointed by all the errors in the patterns . It literally makes it difficult to follow . They are such cute projects , and it is a shame , but I do n't recommend this book until it has a make-over . The errata page on -LSB- ... -RSB- has errors , too . -LRB- for errata
 I was so excited to get this book . I wanted to make almost everything in this book because it was all so cute . However , I could n't get the patterns to work . I looked up the `` errata '' page on the book 's website , and it still did n't work . There are so many errors in this book that I can only successfully complete one pattern -LRB- for the granny square afghan -RRB- . I loved the driving gloves , but the pattern is so incorrect , I never could finish them.I do not know if EVERY pattern has errors . The problem is that I do n't trust the patterns to be correct , and I 'm not experienced enough to figure out if they are correct just by looking at them . Perhaps if you are a true expert in crochet , you can figure out how to fix the pattern problems on your own . However , this book just sits on my shelf unused , because I 'm not going to buy the yarn and spend hours working on a project I ca n't finish .
 Come on ... the number of errors.I made the capelet twice , even though the ending stitch count was n't what it should have been due to the pattern error . An intermediate crocheter would simply know to make increases -LRB- or decreases if appropriate -RRB- and move along . A beginner may just be frustrated when it does n't turn out as it should.Then there was the beanie pattern that I basically `` winged '' and made from memorizing other beanies that I 'd made before.The fashions are cute and inspiring but very basic and can probably be found for free on the internet .
 it 's okay , I just bought it for one pattern . The rest leave a bit to be desired . If you are young , maybe ...
 This book had so many on the shelf , I thought it was new . I understand now . Poor instructions and the writing style makes you think you are watching something on cable access . Poorly done .
 I 'm a complete beginner and found some of the instructions and explanations obtuse and cryptic . I ended up pulling out a ` Learn to Crochet in a Day ' pamphlet I picked up 10 years ago where I found really detailed explanations for the absolute beginner . The book is slick and looks nice , but I was disappointed in the content . The fluff about the origins of crocheting could have been omitted .
 Learning to crochet can be tedious and frustrating . It 's hard to be enthusiastic about learning when the patterns you have to work on are for garments you would never ever wear .
 I have been crocheting for years , and teach a crochet group . Members of the group , and I bought a copy of this book . We are very disappointed with all the mistakes in the book . I even had to go online to get corrections of the mistakes in the book .
 FINNEGAN 'S WAKE is an endurance contest that intellectuals get to take , and if they finish it , they can feel superior to those who have not made it . And they can also write learned papers about it that they can publish in their academic journals . As William Goldman said in THE SEASON , `` As long as there is a PhD . candidate alive , James Joyce will never die . '' Joyce himself said something to the effect of
 That was how English novelist Evelyn Waugh descibed Joyce when he came to write FW , and the judgment is apt . The book itself is tripe ; but the contortions Joyce fans put themselves through to justify it are always a source of amusement .
 I really enjoy obscure references and allusions . I love that feeling of being in on something . It 's nice to discover those little goodies that everyone else glosses over . Clever puns and whatnot are great , but they are no substitute for a good story , strong characters , and so on . Finnegans Wake has nothing going for it . -LRB- While it does have puns , they are anything but clever -RRB- . When you read a good book it should have an effect on you . You should lose sleep turning it over in your mind . Finnegans Wake sort of makes you think in that you have to try to figure out what this word is , or what language this might be , or what Joyce was smoking when he wrote this schlock . What it does n't do , however , is make you laugh , cry , gasp , grimace , or reminisce like true literature does.Questions for all those that gave this 5 stars
 Fascinating as a look into the symbol-laden mind of the highly learned James Joyce . The entire history of the world up until the first quarter of the twentieth century is here . Unfortunately , you have to spend years playing archaeologist to discover its hidden treasures . I 've spent two years studying this thing , and will waste no more of my life on it
 While Joyce 's Ulysses demonstrates his monstrous success with literary experimentation styles , FW does not . I find it poor by his standards . In academics -LRB- and among pseudo-intellectuals -RRB- the book is quite fashionable , and understably so - the style is unique . Its almost comical to listen to my fellow Joyce fans rave about it . But whenever I corner them , and beg them to dissect the work for me , the responses are as incoherent as the book itself . Perhaps it inspires creative thinking/translation from its readers , but nothing of the sort on my part , despite my repeated efforts to sincerely read it.I 've read far worse , that 's for sure , but someone thinking of dabbling with Joyce for the first time should seriously consider selecting one of his more substantial earlier works , or the frustration with FW may alienate them forever from an otherwise brilliant and often very powerful author .
 I gave this book two stars because I admire anyone who can summon the sheer willpower needed to complete a novel of nonsense -- particularly one with as much deadwood between the covers as this one . One must also admire the salemanship that must have been displayed when FW was presented to a publisher . If not for these factors it would have gotten one star . Please do n't be sucked into the crowd that thinks a book is really good if they ca n't understand it . Instead , rate highly the book whos author presented you with a clear story , made you want to read the next page , and perhaps , in the end , changed your view of the world .
 I 've read a lot of difficult works - Hegel 's Phenomenology , Proust , the Tain , Goethe , Joyce 's Ulysses . As difficult and obscure as they were at times , they all had some relative merits . I eventually even found some of them enjoyable on 2nd or 3rd readings -LRB- Proust was even enjoyable on the first -RRB- . This book , on the other hand , is devoid of anything approaching meaning on any level but the most reductionist as an occassional examination of words at play . It 's a series of puns and obscurantist references without anything approaching a story or structure or even internal coherency . Of course , what could just as easily be the warblings of a paranoid schizphrenic has been inexplicably hailed by some academics as a masterwork . This is not a masterful examination of language . It 's more like the musings of a 6 year old struggling with it who has a taste for bad puns and a serious case of apophenia.If you have finished Joyce other works -LRB- which are mostly excellent btw -RRB- pick up some Dostoevsky or Proust , Borges , Chesterton , or Calvino . Avoid this book . It 's a waste of time .
 I ca n't understand why anyone would spend 20 years writing thisThe book is incomprehensible . Read a regular book you can understand without having to read it aloudI love Joyce . Portrait , Dubliners , great stuff . Wonderful poetry . He starts to get a bit wonky in Ulysses , but even that is readable -LRB- if not altogether understandable - Giffords book is definitely a necessary provision -RRB- But why write a book such as the Wake ? Did n't he say he thought people would be laughing while reading it?But writing a book noone can understand . . He must 've been out of his tiny little mind . Could n't he have written another play , or more short stories about the Eire he loved/despised . It makes no sense to me ! Why would anyone want to read what is , basically , a mess . How was this even published ? Did n't someone tap him on the shoulder and say , `` Joyce , this makes no sense `` Good grief ! Joyce was actually a decent writer to this point !
 When you get past all the strange words and polyglot puns , Finnegans Wake just is n't that interesting of a book . The ideas expressed are contrived and uninteresting , and many have been already been treated , better , in Ulysses . `` But how do you get past the language ? '' is the rejoinder I 'm expecting to hear . It 's true that very few people understand every word in the book . However I refuse to suscribe to the school of thought that states that FW is a great book just because its hard to understand and nobody will ever `` get '' all of it . Some people have come pretty close - MacHugh 's `` Annotations '' goes a long way with individual words , and Campbell 's `` Skeleton Key '' well give you the overarching meaning -LRB- yes , there is meaning -RRB- if you read it with a critical eye . These two books pretty much have FW cracked , end of story.Now many people will also argue that one should n't read FW for the meanings or ideas , like other books , but rather that simply the sweet sounds of the language are enough to give it value as a literary object - essentially , even if we do n't understand a word , it sounds nice . This is just silly . If you want an auditory experience listen to music or the sounds of nature . If euphonious words is your thing , read some poetry . But for heavens ' sakes do n't spend the time required to read 680 pages of garbled words simply because they sound cool . My point is that there are already artistic and , in my view , far more enjoyable ways to go about getting a cathartic auditory experience . FW has neither the mellifluosity of The Raven or a Spenserian sonnet , nor obviously can it provide the sonic intensity of a symphony . Books , ultimately , are read for the quality of the ideas they express , and the quality of the style used to express them.The style of FW is idiotic . It was a nice idea at the time , sure , and probably it had to be done when considering the progress of literature as a whole , but these points do n't mean that the style is of any aesthetic worth . Most of the words are incomprehensible without some guide , like the `` Annotations . '' Because the difficulty is at the level of words , rather than ideas , one does n't read FW , one translates it . Joyce uses foreign words -LRB- from 60 languages ! -RRB- and perversions of English as the basis for the vocabulary of the text , and combines and arranges these as he pleases . Now I do n't mind foreign language quotes in my books , and I 'm as big of a fan of witty word-play as anyone , but when you 're essentially inventing a language arbitrarily as you go along you 've made a huge and pointless mistake . Why stop at the level of words ? Why not write using a whole new alphabet ? And the kicker is that the many of the puns are incredibly POINTLESS ! A `` bad of winds , '' for example - `` bad '' is Persian for `` wind , '' apparently . So this means what , a `` wind of winds '' ? Come on , this is lame ! and a far cry from true wit . In another `` celebrated '' passage , Joyce weaves the names of a bunch of rivers into a conversation between two washerwomen . I.e. , `` kennet , '' meaning `` ken it '' or `` know it '' , and the Kennet river in England . But what 's the point ? That rivers are cool ? That Joyce is cool because he looked up a bunch of river names ? That we 're cool for figuring them out ? Such puerile and mechanical displays of erudition are a waste of time for everyone involved.The common response to attacks on FW 's style is that Joyce was attempting to convey the nebulous and polysemous state of dreams . If so he failed miserably . I do n't know about the rest of you but I do n't dream in portmanteau words - when people talk I know exactly what they 're saying . We may not understand why particular things happen in dreams , but at least we know , at a literal level , what is happening -LRB- eg . I may not know WHY , in a dream , I 'm being chased by a herd of mustachioed ducks wielding blunderbusses , but I can at least describe it as such -RRB- . FW lacks even that - because of the near-incomprehensibility of the language , it lacks a literal level to start out from.Now all of this could feasibly be tolerable - the translating , the wading through secondary sources , the silliness of a contrived `` dream-language '' - if the payoff was worth it - ie if Joyce was saying something really profound and insightful . If the ideas validated the words . Well , they do n't . Underneath it all you just have a cliched quasi-biblical myth with aspirations to allegory . It deals with how one man is Everyman and the whole is contained within its parts and history repeats and cycles are cool and male is destructive and female is fertile . Blah blah blah . Its the world according to Joyce . If you want obsolete notions about the `` nature of man '' and such nonsense , read the Bible or any other religious text . If you would argue that the `` meaning '' is n't the point , please see paragraph two above.FW , depending on who you ask , attempts to do a lot of different things . The problem is that it fails at all of them . As music it is necessarily inadequate , as poetry it is far surpassed by real poetry , as a novel it is incomprehensible , and as a myth or an allegory it is highly derivative and essentially boring . And do n't try to sell me those poststructuralist lines about `` foregrounding language '' or `` de-stabilizing the signifier '' either - you know as well as I do that FW does n't do either of those particularly effectively , and furthermore that those are silly and pretentious concepts to begin with . I love Joyce 's earlier works , but Finnegans Wake is just a monstrous waste of time and effort .
 Finnegans Wake is a mess . If this were not written by James Joyce , would you call it a `` literary classic '' ? No -- it would belong in the discard pile with lots of red marks on it for lack of basic grammar and sentence structure.There are good stream-of-consciousness novels out there . I read Virginia Woolf 's Mrs. Dalloway from cover to cover and it is actually entertaining . Or , at the very least , the sentences actually flow together in the way people would actually speak them.So Finnegans Wake is a dream-like mumbo jumbo . The question is , is there any purpose to it ? Why should the reader spend time and effort deciphering the cryptic nonsense in order to figure out what the story actually is , when there are perfectly coherent novels out there that actually tell the story as it is?For one thing , if the author needs to disguise the plot with a ton of fancy language , it just means the plot is too thin to be interesting on its own . Secondly , the English language is perfectly functional . So why break something that 's functional to create something that 's not ?
 Well , what can I say ? This kind of writing would never make it past Mrs. Johnson , my 7th grade English and Grammar school teacher . I made many attempts at reading this gibberish . To those who like this book , kudos 's to you few . I highly recommend this book as an anchor on night stands of insomniacs everywhere . I join the ranks of those who do not like this book . I 'm sure there is something enriching in there , somewhere . Who was the editor ? I know it was not Mrs. Johnson!Jimmy Lair
 I give this book two stars because it 's the first , and last , book to tell us what we already should know ... that we think gibberish in that ethereal state between waking and sleep . Finningan 's Wake reminds me of the canvas I 've seen at countless art shows with a jumble of random splatterings of paint . Any one of us could create the same thing . Why do n't we ? Joyce is challenging us to get off our duffs and splatter some paint on the canvass . If you think it 's worthwhile -LRB- personally , I do n't -RRB- do it . You could be the next James Joyce .
 The author shows promise
 all . After just reading a small portion of Finnegans Wake here on Amazon - thank you for the excerpts because you saved me a bundle - and after flipping through a few pages of Ulysses - too bad I paid full price for the Modern Library Edition - I am now disposed to think that Joyce was the biggest humbug for a writer ever.When I read through the first page of Finnegans Wake , I was quite consternated at my limited vocabulary - I mean , after all , there were something like twenty words - I did n't count - that I did n't know ! Which has never happened to me from reading any book , even Melville or Shakespeare ! Then I looked some of them up and discovered that they were n't even in the dictionary.Even if some of the words are foreign and actually do exist , this does n't prove that Joyce was a great writer in English . For a man who was so educated , he sure could n't compose an original piece of literature with any sort of structural integrity and plot congruency.Scholars would have you believe that Joyce was a genius , whose mastery of the language was invidious . But I query which lingo he conquered , for it surely is n't English.Maybe it was because Melville wrote Moby Dick in one year , or maybe it was because he composed White-Jacket and Redburn in one summer , perhaps Joyce realized his limitations and provinciality of ingenuity , so that 's maybe why he foisted Ulysses and Finnegans Wake at the public . In this way he could besot us with `` enigmatic art . `` Some have called Joyce a writer 's writer . I wonder if Melville , James , and Dickens would bethinkestit -LRB- hey , I can invent pseudo-words too -RRB- of him of such .
 This book is very entertaining , and has maddening pace , kind of like the Matrix . In fact this book is a lot like the Matrix . It 's about as complicated as The Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon . I take dumps more dense than this . Reading this book will take about and hour and a half , though it will only feel like 20 minutes . Think Curious George . I ca n't wait for the movie -LRB- I hope Spielberg directs it , and finishes the last sentence -RRB- .
 I think it 's rather dumb to write a book for the purpose of making it difficult to read . If you want to be allusive , that 's fine , but express yourself coherantly and in an unambiguous fashion . Ulysses and A Portrait managed to be both timelessly powerful and legible ; it 's a pity Joyce did n't make better use of his seventeen years .
 The point being , presumedly , that humanity is incomprehensible to humanity ? How is my understanding of , or sympathy toward , humanity improved by attempting to read and decode the word `` Bababadalgharaghtakamminnarronkonnbronntonneronntuon - thunntrovarrhounawnskawntoohoordenenthurnuk '' ? There are many far greater works that not only tell the same story , but are readable and even enjoyable . My apologies to those who like Finnegan 's Wake , but humanity is not best served by having its story told in gibberish .
 This version of `` Finnegans Wake '' is the uncorrected version . Joyce spent the final years of his life correcting `` Finnegans Wake '' , and this book omits all of those corrections . While this may not pain the casual reader of the wake , it does cast a vale around Joyce 's maddening masterwork .
 Far and away the best thing about this book is the quality of the analysis it has spawned . The book itself is drivel ; but the reactions to it form some of the most intelligent and enlightened reviews I have encountered . I have never sprinkled as many `` helpful '' votes within a single site as I have here , to both one-star and five-star appraisals alike.Firstly , the book itself . I can not subscribe to any of the academic apologias . This book took an interesting concept and stretched it well past the point of absurdity . Like the surrealist movement that ultimately ended up justifying paintings of Campbell 's Soup cans , `` Finnegan 's Wake '' takes stream-of-subconsciousness to such idiotic lengths that it becomes self-parody . Yes , I have exhaustively analysed the book . I studied it many years ago under the tutelage of an infectiously enthusiastic English professor who dissected its every nuance . Puns , portmanteau constructs , auditory versus literary jabberwocky , dream-state evocation
 I admit that I am not qualified to `` judge '' FW . Not because I am stupid , as many 5-star reviewers would assert , I think . I would consider giving up on THE COUNT OF MONTE CRISTO `` stupid . '' I can not judge FW as literature because literature is meant to be read , and comprehended . It is not complexity , depth , or any of the like that make this book incomprehensible to me . It is written in its own language . It is its own realm . To judge it would be like judging the writing of an alien civilization . And that is why I gave FW 1 star
 This book is long . Long and pointless . Sure , it 's fun to sit down and make up words , or compose stream-of-consciousness relayings of dreams we 've had , but why would anyone want to read them?And , anyway , any book with a quote on the back from Harold Bloom is not worth MY time , at the very least . That man is a menace , and so is James Joyce . Thinkers thinking about thinking . Not real people , not real thoughts , no significance , no soul . Pointless , long , and forgettable .
 My tenth grade English teacher made us read this book and I think it was way too hard ! How is tenth grade students supposed to make any sense out of a mixed up book like this ? I could n't get any of it . What 's the plot and whose the hero ? I 'm just really frustrated and I 'm not alone . Only the class bookworm got past page 10 and I bet that weenie did n't understand much either , even if she says she did . Too hard , dude !
 ye make a book , alas , how is life ? Green Bay Packers . Sandwich ? Baby . Eat the , President , lake.Like that prose ? That is James Joyce . The king of gibberish . I made it up . But when he does it , it is a classic . When I do gibberish , it is not . Why?What the hell is going on with Finnegans Wake ??? I do n't know.Joyce must be the genious of gibberish.I do n't get it .
 let the high preists of deconstructionist post modernism interpret it for you . bow down before the wisdom of frustrated ineffectual professors of English , the preistly class who will interpret this message from the gods for you , -LRB- and actually get pay and respect for it -RRB- . lets get real . this is a book by a sciziphrenic for the pompous and pedantic . a few puns aside dont waste your life trying to interpret this nonsense , just because you have an ego . -LRB- even Nobel laureates fell for it -- hence the quark , but FASHIONABLE NONSENSE is the delayed reaction -RRB- the real dope
 This book is bad , and I think it was intended to be so . Probably upset with the over analysis of Ulysses , Joyce must have set out to play a trick on the literary world . This book has no value except to make you laugh at how far some people would go to pretend that it could be interpreted . There are better wastes of ones time , for example staring at a blank wall .
 True , Joyce 's many masterpieced work of profound interjectional superiority has at last brought the final jigsaw piece to this unChristianly magnifique port-en-tois ouevre ... But that 's why it 's sooooooo good ?! Hello , my name is Rajish . I am an 8th rank student from The Calcutta Institute of Fine Literary Works . Tonight , we will take a journey of unprecedented backwardness and desolution . When I was 4 years old , my friend -LRB- the infamous BLIND MELON JELLAN -RRB- and I went to the local book shop to buy our first copies of Finnegan 's Wake -LRB- FW as we affectionately called it -RRB- . When we came home we read our copy of FW with the greatest of zeal and devoured the conduit imagery and allusion in this densely conceived and lightly told work . The effect , of one who studies it as my friend and I do , is of entrancement and utmost vermisiltude . By the end , we feel so lost and alone , so dissapointed by literature and its pseudo-world of false authoritarianism , we vow to never read again . Except for Eddy Said that is . Please read this book and join us postcolonially . Peace .
 I do n't understand this book . I picked up many literary aides and guides to this book and set about getting through it . It is so subtle and difficult ... the rewards of understanding this book are not worth the effort . This is a good writer trying to be a real literary cool dude and give PhD students something to focus on . But I admit , the reason I do n't like this book is because I am an illiterate moron . I should have never picked this book up ; I wasted precious time I could have been watching `` Friends , '' or `` Seinfeld . '' I could have been working on cherry-red Camaro , or down pounding some brews with my buddies , watching the big game . Or I could have been wallowing in my own filth in the pig stye I call my den . This book must be fabulous , I am sure , but because I am a lazy , ignorant , slovenly fool , who likes his books monosyllabic and easy to digest , I do n't like this book . I wish I was Mr. Cool Guy College Professor and this book could be my life , but all I have is my rear-projection TV . Tragic , * sniff *
 I am convinced that people do not read Finnegans Wake , or at least not in the same sense that we ever normally use the word `` read . '' FW is 600 + pages long and I 've yet to find more than a handful of standard English sentences among them . In 1999 -LRB- this is 2005 -RRB- I started to read the Wake , with the best of intentions , but I soon noticed a problem . A few paragraphs in , my mind would start to wander , for there was nothing solid that my mind could hang on to . I encountered no setting , no characters , no plot , no narration , nothing concrete nor conceptual . The best that I could say was that every once in a while , some group of words would be evocative of an image or memory , but even when this would happen I could not say for certain whether it was intentional on the part of the author or accident . Eventually , I started reading it aloud in order to keep myself `` in '' the book but , no help . Today , I am 100 pages in ; I ca n't really bear to read more than a page at a time , and even this is an effort . I get as close to ` zero ' from reading it as I can imagine.Now , please understand that I am not a stupid man , nor unaccustomed to difficult literature . I 've a college degree and , in fact , currently teach 10th grade English . I 've read -LRB- and understood -RRB- , among other things , Shakespeare , The Bible , War and Peace , and also Ulysses . It is sometimes said that this book was written `` for the intelligensia '' ... well ... I consider myself part of the intelligensia and this book was not written for me . I am not here trying to argue that the book was written as a joke , or has no actual meaning -LRB- though I think those arguments have some merit , when one considers the work -RRB- but that a person who picks this up and starts running their eyes over any given page will not be engaging in the same activity as they would when reading a book . The Wake might be closer to some sort of giant puzzle , though I doubt this as well , but a prospective reader should ask himself whether he wants to engage in a 600 page rebus . Further , I doubt that the Wake could have been `` written '' in the same sense that other books are . Am I to imagine that Joyce had a firm intention in mind that guided his decisions in writing this book ? That he , say , edited it ? Rearranged sentences for impact ? Checked for consistency ? Is this book translated into other languages ? How could it be ? And would n't that assume that it had been written in some language to begin with . And , finally , if it 's not written in English -LRB- and it 's not -RRB- , or in any other intelligble language -LRB- and it 's not -RRB- , then in what sense do we have a book?Is everything printed on paper literature?I think not . I do not believe that the Wake was written as a book , and I do not think it possible to read it as one , and I submit the book itself as my evidence . It has occured to me that it would be fun , someday , to take some group of people who 've given the Wake 5-star reviews , and then test them . Perhaps we could give them a group of five selections , with one of them a faux-passage and four of them authentic FW-Joyce , and see if they could determine the fake ? Or , we could provide them with a passage and then ask for an explanation , and them compare their explanations with one another to see if there 's any validity . In fact , FW could make for a great party game along the lines of Balderdash.Yes , FW is perhaps -LRB- doubtful , though -RRB- a rebus and it could , with some imagination , provide a party game of sorts -LRB- largely revolving around mockery -RRB- , but it is not a book to be read . Do n't feel bad -- it was n't intended to be read . Through it all , the most interesting thing and the greatest value of the book is to watch the actions of the book 's defenders . They have n't read it either , in any meaningful sense , and yet like the people in the fable they claim to see the clothing . After all , people of the highest virtue are able to see the Emperor 's New Clothes , you see . And who would n't want to be a part of that group ?
 Which should be the only reason one would have this book in a collection.Daferring on red hair moots the ramdelgerag ! Cays hast ner eyed the entire lash from the libre , does get sidlelassinlunahack ? And for ery ' scholar of jits and wallyfins , dare may cieved a consciousable readament of peering quenth Labrynth . Hark ! Vain ! Rack ! Finnegans Wake dost injoyafun for the kathweolasopkookoo . One glance may planner read and ner open this Rhodical magnumus.If you understood what I just wrote then you may just enjoy this book .
 In Tom Robbins `` Fierce Invalids Home From Warm CLimates '' the main character Switters is attempting to read this book and never gets though the first 5 pages . I now understand why .
 NO ! BOOK BAD BOOK BAD BIG BIG WORDS I DONT UNDERSTAND ! MY BRAIN HURTSSSS ! THIS MAKE NO SENCE . YAHOO CHAT MUCH EAZYIER TO UNDeRSTAND ! I GO THERE NOW .
 There are scholars who make their careers on Finnegans Wake . I have read many of them , hoping to understand this book . However , among the scholars , there is no agreement as to what this book is about , or even if it is about anything , or even if it is readable . To those of us who have enjoyed Joyce 's other works , such as Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man and The Dubliners , Finnegans Wake is a real disappointment.The book consists of 628 pages of crypticisms , foreign languages , and languages that have n't yet been invented . In those 628 pages one will struggle to find two words that actually go together to form a discernable thought . Of his works , Joyce said , `` Ulysees is the day ; Finnegans Wake is the night . '' Well , I take a lot of walks at night , and even on moonless nights I can make out shapes and shadows , something that is quite impossible in The Wake.No one will ever deny that James Joyce was a brilliant writer . But , it took him 13 years to write Finnegans Wake . If he actually meant to say anything , 13 years is enough time to come up with a way to do so that actually communicates . This book actually seems like Joyce took a set of the Oxford English Dictionary , placed it atop a couple of sticks of dynamite , detonated the dynamite , and walked through the fragments , writing down whatever his failing eyesight was able to pick up . Hence , one is left with the conclusion that Joyce has succeeded in pulling off a hoax , the literary equivalent of the Sokol hoax on the high-brow journal Social Text . And this is what is so disappointing about Finnegans Wake.If you feel that you must read James Joyce -LRB- and you should -RRB- , then by all means , read one of the aforementioned books . But avoid The Wake ; you have better things to do with your time .
 I 've tried a couple of times to read this book , and honestly , I never got past the first page . I think it 's the biggest hoax ever perpetrated on a gullible literary world , and if James Joyce was sane -LRB- as I seriously doubt -RRB- then he must have had a huge laugh at its expense . However , I think he must 've been totally nuts to write such garbed nonsense.I read the glowing reviews by other readers praising Joyce 's `` genius '' and begin to doubt my own sanity . Is it possible I just ca n't read as well as I 've always thought I can?However , I truly think they 're just afraid to express their real opinion , after so many have called this thing a work of genius .
 Real words , unlike what you 'd find in this book , can not describe what you find in here . This book is the bane of my existence . James Joyce must have self-inflicted mercury poisoning in order to write this . The only other plausible explanation is that he became severely mentally retarded from a lack of flow of oxygen to the brain . If you want to actually understand anything , you have to read explanations EVERY `` sentence '' . This turns it into a f 'n time vampire . It is terrible in every aspect - there are no plot , characters , situations , comedy , horror , storyline , or anything else that books usually consist of . If the author came back to life , became unretarded , and then read his own book again , he would instantly want to drown himself in Lake Michigan . I award him no stars and may God have mercy on his soul .
 The pretence here is to say that if you do n't think its brilliant then the you must be a vacuous superficial fool . Its the same stunt as pulled by ` modern-art ' , whose lack of popularity and understanding among most people lends it a perverse exclusivity among irrational psuedo-intellectuals . No one ` understands ' this book because there is nothing in it . Its not hard-going because it is so mentally challenging , its hard going because it is so uttlerly uninspiring . A dime pulp romance novel tells us more than this book can.If someone crafted your house with the same ` wondrous perception ' as Joyce crafted this book , it would be rubble sunk in cement dust .
 Evelyn Waugh once described this book as ` gibberish ' and added that you could see James Joyce going madder by the page . That said , it 's quite amusing to read bits from .
 Imagine John Lennon 's nonsense lyrics for `` I am a walrus '' going on for hundreds of pages . I think maybe a hundred or so people in the entire world might enjoy digging through this but the rest of us can put this one aside . Do n't fall for that snobby `` Well , it 's not for lazy or stupid people '' nonsense . This is nothing more than a self absorbed word puzzle for those who do not have lives to live but have plenty of time to waste deciphering this . Maybe , one day , if I am ever in a crippling accident and am confined to a wheelchair with little to do but figure this one out , I might attempt reading through it again . Everyone else , stay away !!
 Admirers of this glimpse into madness must have a great need to feel smug and superior . Such `` intellectuals '' are painfully desperate and afraid of reality ; for it is only in the realm of the naked emperors that they can pretend to be hip .
 If you are one of the 7 people who understand FW , please let me know.For years , I have asked
 This is an ongoing hoax perpetrated , sustained and constantly embellished by a Literary Establishment who simply wish to award each other doctoral degrees in pretending to understand this mishmash of a book . It may very well be the worst thing ever published . It is certainly the worst thing ever published with college courses based around it .
 The cow who dried up was an udder disaster ... like this gibberish novel . Even JJ 's best friends and critics called it drivel -LRB- his brother included -RRB- . I guess after writing Ulysses , JJ felt somehow had to create something more mystic . Well , he certainly succeeded . I have a standing $ 1,000 bet with anyone and the challenge is that I will open 3 random pages of FW and have the reader explain , in detail , who the parties are , what the sentences are about and mean . I am quite confident than there is no one out there who can do that . Period . So much for a memorable reading experience .
 Will someone please , please tell me what the heck this man is talking about ? This is the book for people who did n't find The Jaberwocky to have quite the necessary amount of pretentious pseudo-english garbage . Do n't even bother trying to read this .
 True , Joyce 's many masterpieced work of profound interjectional superiority has at last brought the final jigsaw piece to this unChristianly magnifique port-en-tois ouevre ... But that 's why it 's sooooooo good ?! Hello , my name is Rajish . I am an 8th rank student from The Calcutta Institute of Fine Literary Works . Tonight , we will take a journey of unprecedented backwardness and desolution . When I was 4 years old , my friend and I went to the local book shop to buy our first copies of Finnegan 's Wake -LRB- FW as we affectionately called it -RRB- . When we came home we read our copy of FW with the greatest of zeal and devoured the conduit imagery and allusion in this densely conceived and lightly told work . The effect , of one who studies it as my friend and I do , is of entrancement and utmost vermisiltude . By the end , we feel so lost and alone , so dissapointed by literature and its pseudo-world of false authoritarianism , we vow to never read again . Except for Eddy Said that is . Please read this book and join us postcolonially . Peace .
 Stream-of-conscious blather that only a psuedo-intellectual could appreciate . I ca n't imagine being the person who had to proof-read this drivel , I would sooner plunge my hand into a vat of boiling oil . If it were possible I would give this book zero stars . You 'd be better off spending your money on some LSD and interpreting the meaning of the waves in your fingerprints .
 Obviously both and Finnegan proves it . Joyce spent seventeen years on this book , which can be properly read and understood by only one person - James Joyce , who passed away in 1941 . Now if you 'd like to devote yourself - and perhaps your life - to achieving an understanding of Finnegans Wake , you are certainly free to do so . And , having once attempted to achieve such understanding myself , I can assure you that some of your time will be well spent . But the facts are as follows :1 . Joyce was fluent in a number of European languages and had a nodding acquaintance with many more .2 . From this knowledge he fashioned a special vocabulary of multilingual blends and puns which he used , with ordinary English syntax , to create the solipsistic discourse of Finnegans Wake . It is , in effect , a private language .3 . Since most of his vocabulary is drawn from , and puns on , the languages Joyce was familiar with , the only way one can begin to understand what 's happening is to be as familiar with them as James Joyce .4 . The entire book is said to narrate the mostly incoherent nighttime dream of its antihero , `` HCE . '' This was Joyce 's way of `` getting at '' -LRB- whatever that means here -RRB- some sort of unconscious European cultural mind - as apprehended and imagined by James Joyce , of course .5 . Finnegans Wake is thus basically incomprehensible . The explications in Campbell & Robinson 's Skeleton Key , while well informed , are , as the authors admit -LRB- though not in these words -RRB- the only sense they could make of it with the assistance of a shelf full of reference books . By getting in on the ground floor , C & W effectively dared anyone to disagree . Which would , of course , require another pair of literature Ph.D. 's with another shelf of reference books . There can be more than one interpretation of Finnegans Wake , including a belief in the profitlessness of interpretation .6 . Once in a while Joyce can still write a melodious sentence that is close enough to English to carry some meaning . As readers of Dubliners , Portrait of the Artist , and Ulysses are aware , Joyce was at one time a master of poetic English prose . Searching for the poetic moments , and those alone , makes for a pleasant diversion , and will undoubtedly reward the extremely well read and knowledgable.If you 're still intrigued , your best bet is to find a copy of the drastically abridged edition with commentary that Anthony Burgess put out forty years ago . Burgess loved Finnegans Wake in the Campbell-Robinson interpretation , and he supplies enough editorial matter to aid you in your innocent quest to believe in Finnegans ' greatness . The book may be useful to some as a kind of Rorschach/I Ching for your own creativity
 `` What secondtonone myther rector and maximost bridges-maker was the first to rise taller through his beanstale than thebluegum buaboababbaun or the giganteous Wellingtonia Sequoia ; went nudiboots with trouters into a liffeyette when she wasbarely in her tricklies ; was well known to claud a conciliationcap onto the esker of his hooth `` If I wrote this and attempted to pass this off as a novel , no one would ever read it . If they did , they would correctly assume that I am , in fact , a pompous erudite fool . And by the way , I know that there are a million academics rating this book that will come on here and tell me how completely wrong my point of view is . But guess what ? -- I do n't care and I 'll never actually read any of your responses . Save it for your poor students and old , bearded friends wearing tweed jackets with elbow patches.To the rest of you -LRB- normal people -RRB- -- stay away from this book .
 I ca n't see why everybody , even if they do n't understand Finnegan 's Wake , proclaims it to be a ` masterpiece ' and that it encapsulates ` the entirety of human history ' . How absurd . This piece of inconsequential nonsense may mean something to James Joyce or ` Neeborg ' from the planet ` Zobtreeg ' , but not to any rational person who does n't pretend to be intelligent or philosophical.I paid seventeen dollars for a book that is puportedly a ` classic ' that discusses all sorts of important issues . I read the first page and thought `` this is ridiculous '' , so I put it back on my shelf and got a book that actually makes sense . Irish history/literature professors and well versed people that boast about having Ph.D 's and masters degrees , in my opinion , use this book as a vehicle to sound smart and convey all these ideas that could not possibly be derived from the actual text . Therefore , I 've formulated my OWN little theory about what this book is about
 NO ! BOOK BAD BOOK BAD BIG BIG WORDS I DONT UNDERSTAND ! MY BRAIN HURTSSSS ! THIS MAKE NO SENCE . YAHOO CHAT MUCH EAZYIER TO UNDeRSTAND ! I GO THERE NOW .
 Okay , here 's the first paragraph : riverrun , past Eve and Adam 's , from swerve of shore to bend of bay , brings us by a commodius vicus of recirculation back to Howth Castle and Environs . -LRB- it 's actually the end of the last sentence in the book -RRB- . I defy anyone to honestly say that they would have any desire to read further -LRB- in fact , I am certain that no one has ever actually read this book -RRB- . But , lest you think it must get better , here 's a random paragraph from later in the book : So olff for his topheetuck the ruck made raid , aslick aslegs would run ; and he ankered on his hunkers with the belly belly prest . Asking
 I 'm going to be politcally incorrect
 I see a plethora of 5-star reviews here for Joyce 's opus . I think it is natural to dislike it , however , and I do n't think it makes a neanderthal of me because I dislike it too . Look , as a teen I read Thomas Aquinas 's Summa Theologica ; I struggled through at least half of Sartre 's Being and Nothingness , and I 've read Chekhov , Dostoevsky , Nietzsche , Kierkegaard and Faulkner . I do n't mind struggling with a book if I can mine something from it . FW is too long for such playful babble . I might read a pamphlet of such gobbledegook just for the fun or the exercise of my imagination , but this monster book ? I have to feel that Joyce was playing a joke on everyone , or he 'd really gone off his rocker . Why should we even bother ? I also read Beckett 's Waiting for Godot and found that a complete waste of time . My reaction was that it was absurd , but I guess the theatre of the absurd is supposed to be just that . But why bother ? I can stand on a crowded street corner and hear trivial chatter as meaningful as Beckett 's play . It kind of reminds me of something I saw in an art gallery years ago , during the `` pop art '' craze
 I ca n't understand why this book was n't rated the greatest novel of the 20th century ! My God ! I read this book every night before I go to bed . The words flow easily across the page , and the characters are incredibly rich in development ! The story itself is so engaging that whenever I read it , my hands literally begin to tremble in anticipation of what is going to happen next ! Here is an excerpt from the book and one of the more famous passages from this MASTERPIECE OF MODERN LITERATURE ! `` Orkman ribpop easily cross arrows . Flaunting wissam on narrow shoulders opens me . opens me . Pilly saw Roman do the tiger on ruskpappy for Flynn . Squiggles on canvas slapped brightly on Easter fippoon aiktart . Common man sees field sorry fart on apple . `` How can you not enjoy such an illuminating example of prose ? Of course this is only one of the many BRILLIANT passages found within this CLASSIC novel ! I could give you some more examples which show the GREATNESS of Joyce 's pen ; however , I seriously believe you should invest wisely by purchasing your own edition of this GARGANTUAN work ! I assure you that you will not be disappointed ! Happy squiggles !!!
 There may be rewards here for people who are intelligent enough and have the time to spend , but that 's not me . I 've always felt `` smart . '' -LRB- 800 , 800 and 730 on the GRE 's - degrees in mathematics -RRB- but this book made me feel like a mental midget . Either Joyce had an I.Q. of about 775 or there is nothing here to understand . I do n't have time to find out . At least we got the word , `` quark , '' from this book .
 FW will soon be forgotten because soon -LRB- a century ? -RRB- no one will be able to understand it . As it is , only a few thousand people in the entire world bother with it now because it is too difficult and arduous to read . Reading FW is more like a language project than a pleasant reading experience . Some people like to work out mathematical theorems . Some may like working out FW . I do not . With each year , because of the way language changes , FW will become more and more incomprehensible so that there will eventually be more people around who read and understand Old Norse than this novel . Joyce , who loved languages , should have known that . As it is , he wrote a novel with its own built in destruction . He consigned it to what is a certain and inevitably obscure death .
 Reading somewhere that Finnegans Wake was one of the greatest novels of this century , I decided to give it a try . When I was taking it out of the library the librarian told me that she had never known anyone to check it out before . This should have told me something right off . Eagerly I turned to the first page and was hit with `` riverrun , past Eve and Adam 's from swerve of shore to bend of bay , brings us by a commodius vicus of recirculation back to Howth Castle ... '' Then I came on to `` bababadalgharaghtakamminarronnkonnbronntonnerronntuonnthunntrovarrhounawnskawntoohoohoordenenthurnuk ! '' I quickly scanned the rest of the book `` Surely it ca n't go on like this for the whole thing ! '' I thought in despair . It did . I tried to read two pages of it then gave up in disgust . `` Whats the use of reading it ? It does n't make any sense or mean anything at all . '' It was like I was just reading a string of words that had nothing to do with each other , I saw no use to waste my time with it . I 'm not saying that just because I could n't read it does n't mean its not readable . I 'm sure a lot of intellctuals have -LRB- fun ? -RRB- reading it and also have fun telling other people they are stupid oprah reading TV obssessed coach potatos if they do n't like it also . Some of these reviews have shown the people that like this book to be in this frame of mind . Anyway , if you like it then fine , but I ca n't see the point in trying to decode it , it was n't like Joyce was the messenger of god , why should decoding nonsense passages like the above be so important ?
 One wonders how many of the positive -LRB- 4 or 5 stars -RRB- reviewers here are either -LRB- 1 -RRB- intellectual poseurs who say they 've read the book cover to cover but actually have n't read more than a little ; or -LRB- 2 -RRB- if they have read it in its entirety , whether they have too much spare time on their hands.One thing it is not -LRB- contrary to what some pretentious reviewers here would have you believe -RRB- is a `` fun read '' or `` page turner '' . Despite some glittering word play and demonstrations of great scholarship , Finnegan 's wake is a hulking mess .
 There is nothing worse than an illiterate writer .
 With this lit tall reave view I rue in all love Joyce is `` Fink Against Wake . '' Poor Read errs , why do use still read that mess ?! Be cause it is litterassure ! Aye con cur ! Joyce sad little skill lend less art . I ownly at hack him be cause tomb many read errs prays him . He is dead end gone . I am all I 've ! Your hear owes dead ! Go back kenned lessen to what he rote . Then calm back hear end read this say gain . Come pair . There is no con test .
 `` Out door , keel cooling vorsnevou . '' You could add this sentence to this mass of drivel and no one would know it was n't written by Joyce . If the point of this book is the utter incomprehensibility of mankind , Joyce greatly contributes to it with this rambling waste of paper . A monkey and a typewriter could have written this `` experimental '' trash . I can not see any way in which this `` work '' is a classic . It is stream of conscience gibberish . Anyone could have done it .
 I am a fan of Joyce 's writing especially Dubliners and Portrait of the Artist , but this is pure garbage . Thank goodness for the look inside features at amazon , so that people will be able to know what to expect when ordering Finnegans Wake . The novel has no plot and lacks the vivid descriptions of seemingly meaningless things that made Joyce 's other novels so great . Here , he picks random foreign words and places them wherever he please just to make his book seem original and artistic . The result is an incomprehensible piece of garbage that is not only plotless but devoid of any writing ability and talent.Use the look inside features to see what I 'm talking about .
 My daughter just finished her first year as a literature major at an Ivy League school and we spoke about Finnegans Wake.For years , I have asked English Lit experts what is the genius of Finnegans Wake . No one could give me a straightThe Emperor has no clothes . No one knows why this is great , save for some so called experts who extol this book.I beg of anyone out there , please email me tell me why this is not drivel . You can reach me at alkruse@gmail.com
 Let me preface this review with a disclaimer
 Joyce was quite understandably frustrated when his magnum opus , `` Ulysses , '' did not immediately receive the critical attention he felt it warranted upon its publication in 1922 . Thus it was that the artist , while composing his next work , `` Finnegan 's Wake , '' got into the habit of periodically banging his head against the typewriter keys , a poignant expression , obviously , of the searing torment boiling within him.Happily for us , the result of these repeated cranial collisions can be viewed in the contents of this volume .
 Okay , this edition of Finnegans Wake may not exactly be dishonest , but it is disingenuous enough to be seriously misleading . Up front they tell you that the text of the book is taken from the first edition published in May of 1939 . This is true , but it does n't tell the whole story , and most people have no idea what it really means.Finnegans Wake was originally published in 1939 . The first edition was replete with errors and typos -- thousands of them . James Joyce spent the last two years of his life -LRB- he died in 1941 -RRB- going through the text correcting the mistakes . An errata list comprising many single-spaced pages was printed in the back of the second edition , and the third edition had all of Joyce 's corrections incorporated into the text . So the third edition is the definitive one.But Penguin is reprinting the first edition . Get it ? The text you 'll be reading will have all of the typos that Joyce spent two years correcting -- uncorrected.Viking does have the third edition of Finnegans Wake in print . It 's smaller , with smaller type and not nearly as pretty a cover , but it 's the text that Joyce approved . I would get that one -LRB- it has a white cover with a green stripe going across the middle of it -RRB- , and leave this edition alone .
 As one of the reviewers noted in his review , I too have given many postive marks to those who have given five-star reviews for this novel ; because some reviewers have made very good arguments in defense of this novel . -LSB- I never give negative marks on anything , even if I do n't like a review , but I do give plenty of positives -RSB- Therefore , before you begin to throw the bricks and sling your arrows at me , please let me try and explain why I gave this book such low marks . First of all , I have tried to read -- or at least decipher `` Finnegans Wake '' on four different occasions . I see from some of the reviews that anyone who attempts to disagree with this novels merits gets pelted with negative marks . For those of you who enjoy this novel , good for you ! I do not profess to be as knowledgeable as some of you may be on this books merits . But I DO KNOW WHAT I LIKE ! And I did not like this novel.I first tried reading `` Finnegans Wake '' when I was in High School -LSB- it was not required reading -RSB- because I heard so much about it that I wanted to read something challenging . And challenging was an understatement . Realizing I was young , I attempted it much later while in the military . As if military life were not frustrating enough . It was not until I entered college , where I was reguired to read the novel , that I did so with true earnest
 OK , so , yes , some sort of very sophisticated intelligence was involved in this work . No doubt the allusions , multi-lingual puns , and invented words that fill over 600 pages were carefully chosen . But as a whole , or even in small parts , it does n't make any sense and does n't yield even to careful analysis and background research.There is no plot , it explains nothing , and it describes nothing coherently . If the goal was to capture the confused , disorganized dream state of a polygot Irish writer then , yes , it 's all there on paper . But was an entire book needed for this?The hubris of this undertaking -- and of the literary critics who saved it from obscurity -- can be seen in the condescending introduction to this Penguin edition , where the editor writes : '' ... any reader can enter Finnegans Wake and find something to absorb him -- as long as he or she does n't expect to find it all in one place or , complementarily , understand everything else that appears around it . It is even possible to argue , with this same logic , that Finnegans Wake may be more accessible to the common reader that Ulysses -- or , for that matter , War and Peace or Remembrance of Things Past -- since one does n't have to comprehend it as a totality to profit from it or enjoy it . `` In other words , unlike those other books where we read about people , ideas , history , etc. here we can just enjoy the sound and look of random phrases and sentences , the way a baby enjoys pleasant sounding nonsense.The introduction goes on to say , `` It can sometimes seem that one is doing well if one makes sense of only a sentence or two on a single page . If , however , one surrenders the need to be master of everything -- or even most things -- in this strange and magnificent book , it will pour forth lots of rewards . `` I humbly disagree -- one or two identfiable bits of prose per page is almost by definition an unsatisfactory reading experience . And the estimate of one to sentences per page is high -- after a paragraph or two of incomprehensible invented words , even a few straightforward words or sentences have no context or meaning.I would n't discourage people from buying this book , just to see for themselves how weird it is . But I would n't say its a good book , anymore than the scholarly yet demented ravings and ramblings of a schizophrenic former PhD student on a streetcorner constitute good oratory . Fascinating , but more worthy of medical and psychiatric scrutiny than literary study .
 Into the gobbledeegook go slipper the whipper and the trimtrammaduhdeedo , believing the glubbledubble spewed forth by a madman.What do you think , am I a genius or what ? Just send me twenty bucks and I 'll send you the next 600 pages.Here are three words for Joyce that he should have tried to make sense of
 It was no secret that K had a long term relationship . He told some of his close friends about it . It 's a private matter anyway . Radha 's account on the other hand is not an expose , it is a nasty , malicious character attack of a man who is dead and ca n't defend himself.Her book is filled with logical inconsistencies
 i read the book with interest and , while doing so , was concomitantly intrigued and skeptical about the way K was depicted . i tried to read the book objectively , without merely coming to any definitive conclusions ... because , along in my life , someone had helped me to realize that coming to concrete conclusions is rather limiting and leads to superficiality . Some time after having read the book , i read a booklet from the Krishnamurti Foundation of America , written by Mary Lutyens , entitled `` Krishnamurti and the Rajagopals '' . The booklet by Lutyens attempts to refute much of the information contained in Sloss ' book . So what of K ? In the Lutyens booklet he admits to having a relationship with Rosalind . The booklet presents K as stating that
 It 's hard to say and understand ... because when I read about Krishna 's life story ... not Krishnamulti ; but the real one . He also had a spritual lover , Redha -LRB- ?? -RRB- and later on he married to a beautiful princess and had four children . I guess in India or Hindu you do allow to get married even you 're a God reborn or holy man . In fact the existance of this affair asnswered the question why Krishnamult did n't attend their wedding . He probably already attracted to her when they were together . He seemed easily attracted to young caucasian women in his early years . He did say he was longing to be a monk -LRB- sansyi ?? -RRB- and be alone , away from the human beings during those years . To my humble opinion , if your mind is so full of God and love Him so much then you can not love another physical human being ... a woman or a man and have a physical sex relationship with this person . I believe in his teaching or his words ... the path is formless and pathless . He did awakening the Kudalini engery and made his way to see the masters , Beloved ones ... but nothing can last forever , that 's life . Life is a strange thing and no one can predict the outcome . Should the result be different if he married R.R and ended the affair ? Maybe not ... cause maybe they would end up to have a divroce . We are all human and we made a mistake one way or the other . We can see K. as a teacher and maybe teacher also allow to make mistake . Maybe we can accept it if we do n't see him as God . He is not God , never was and never will be.K . is just a messager . He sent out the messages from the other dimension for those who tries to make a break through to see it . That 's what he decided for himself the purpose of life . We all need to have a pruspose to live on . We should see it as a tragic he has made such a mistake and dimming the light and feel sympathy for his loss to the power of woman ... temptation . The scandal itself and it 's consequence is the biggest punishment he has asked for and deserved . Be compassionate .
 I did not know Krishnamurti so my knowledge of him is through his books and the many books written about him by people who knew him and all these books -LRB- somewhere between 10 and 20 -RRB- paint the same positive picture of him except this book and this book is writen by a person who has something to defend , namely her father , so one has to wonder about the accuracy of this book , it seem more to be a kind of pathetic revenge and it is full af misunderstanding and desperate attempt to find anything no matter how remote , negative about Krishnamurti.Of course one person may be right and many persons may be wrong , but with here biased background I have my serious doupts.Shortly after Yoga Journal 's review of this book they decided to do a cover story about this but they could not find anyone who shared Radhas view of Krishnamurti so they dropped the idea.Anyhow all this just clearly shows the main theme of Krishnamurtis teaching , he again and again said that Truth is a pathless land and he was not the Perfect Savior/Master or your Guru , you have to be your own light and not use any other person like a crutch.See also Mary Luthyens reply to this book Krishnamurti and the Rajagopals .
 Having read most books on Krishnamurti , I would give this book only two stars . Lutyens decided not to disclose the extent of the personal relationship even though by her own admission she knew about it from Krishnamurti himself . To that extent Sloss is accurate . However , Sloss is living in complete denial by not acknowledging either the culpability of her father who was a court established embezzler of public funds , not to mention her mother who was a married woman at the time she began her relationship with Krishnamurti . There are some other allegations against Krishnamurti as well but the lack of any objective evidence indicates they are likely a projection of personal bitterness . Sloss has certainly not helped her credibility by waiting for several years after Krishnamurti 's death to go public with her version of events that took place many decades earlier .
 i read the book with interest and , while doing so , was concomitantly intrigued and skeptical about the way K was depicted . i tried to read the book objectively , without merely coming to any definitive conclusions ... because , along in my life , someone had helped me to realize that coming to concrete conclusions is rather limiting and leads to superficiality . Some time after having read the book , i read a booklet from the Krishnamurti Foundation of America , written by Mary Lutyens , entitled `` Krishnamurti and the Rajagopals '' . The booklet by Lutyens attempts to refute much of the information contained in Sloss ' book ; actually , it does reveal numerous inconsistencies in Sloss ' book ... and points out how Radha can be very misleading . So what of K ? In the Lutyens booklet he admits to having a relationship with Rosalind . The booklet presents K as stating that
 I found the book to be highly presumptuous , misleading , and bias , in favor of her parents point of view!The only thing I would suggest is that one should read Krishnamurti , and the Rajagol 's by Mary Luytens.They were using the affair between K and Rosaland as a blackmail tool to keep Krishnamurti from legally exposing gross abuse of monies gifted to the work of K , by D. Raja .
 Radha Sloss wrote this book primarily to expose Krishnamurti 's affair with her Mother , Rosalind Rajagopal , therefore if someone is looking to learn more about K 's life , this book will not provide him/her with much insight . It is obvious that Radha is basically a spokesperson for her Mother and her attitude towards Krishnamurti , though he was like a Father to her , turns into contempt and resentment as the affair begins to fall apart . Rosalind 's letter exchange with K. is not available for legal reasons and though it seems conceivable that they did have an intimate and affectionate relationship that lasted for many years , it also becomes quite obvious that Rosalind was extremely jealous , possessive and obsessed with K. and this book served her as a way to vindicate her pain after the affair ended . It 's sad that such private matters had to be exposed , especially for K. , who was already dead when the book was published and could not respond to any of the allegations . Krishnamurti himself never claimed he was chaste ; he just claimed his private life was n't important . His intimate relationship with Rosalind based on mutual love and friendship shows no contradiction or hypocrisy in his teachings . It is important to understand that it was n't really an affair , since Rosalind and Raja never had a true marriage -LRB- right after Rosalind gets pregnant Raja in fact announces to her that there is no need to live as man and wife anymore , and many passages refer to Raja 's tacit consent to this romantic relationship between his wife and K. -RRB- . Raja 's and Rosalind 's marriage seemed more of an arrangement based on a profound bond of friendship , friendship that had indeed existed between all three of them -LRB- K. , Raja and Rosalind -RRB- for many years before any romantic bonds were established.I read the book in hopes of learning more about who K. was , but felt a bit disgusted with the petty details of personal conflicts which Radha was trying to settle in the public eye .
 I recently read this work by Mrs. Sloss . I 've read many Krishnamurti works and willingly read this book as it presents a different opinion of the man . The conclusions as to Krishnamurti 's motives , etc. are entirely imaginative in my humble opinion . It may have been a good sell had it not been so blatantly biased , basically the ramblings of a jilted lover filtered through her daughter who seeks to weave a very tall tale indeed . Shame , shame . While I would not recommend buying this book , if you must read it , borrow it instead !! In addition though , please read another book after that provides a most excellent response by Mary Lutyens called `` Krishnamurti and the Rajagopals . '' Only then will you be able to determine for yourself what the real story is ! ...
 I read the book with interest and an open mind . The conclusions the author makes are often unfounded . There are some interesting historical descriptions and the most important contribution of the book was to depict that K was actually a human - and in my mind that made him even greater , because being a human he understood the human condition . But the author appears to constantly want to attack K for being a human and many of her conclusions seem to be inaccurate and unfounded - at least they are not presented with much solid logic .
 This book is probably more fiction than fact . For one thing , Sloss gets K 's childhood/early adulthood wrong in many instances , ignoring important points in his development , misconstruing K 's statements in letters , and attributing bizarre statements to people with no evidence to support it . She seems to believe that K faked his process in order to sexually assault Rosalind - a libelous statement if there ever was one . She mentions letters written by K to Rosalind , but does n't quote from any of them , forcing us to trust her statements . She actually has no evidence to speak of that suggests K wanted to destroy his letters ; all she can say is that he wants to move an archive from one place to another . Her view of K stems from either Rajagopal 's laughable recollections , or Rosalind 's recollections which are coloured by her obvious obsessive jealousy that is amply demonstrated in her hateful and almost threatening letters to K. Radha herself reveals herself to be an unreliable witness and probably ca n't be totally trusted in her recollections , either . How convienient for her to have have witnessed K attacking Rajagopal . Some of Raja 's statements about some of what K has said to him such as , `` I am not speaking to you unless you do your penance , '' reveal him to be a liar . Radha said she he had witnessess . What witnesses ? There 's no footnote , no names , which is typical because really , all Radha relies upon in her book is the word of her mother and father and they do n't have any witnesses to support their statements . There is also no evidence to support the fact that K covered the affair up . That K had sex with Rosalind is a private matter . Radha expects K to tell the world about a private and intimate matter . There 's no evidence that K 's image was ever chaste , either.All in all , this is a sloppy , irresponsible book . I know why it 's out of print . The publishers are probably embarrassed by it and wish they had nothing to do with Sloss 's book .
 Let me say ... I believe in God and try to live a spiritual life , but give me a break!Had a difficult time getting through this one . Ms. Fuller spends WAY too much time going on about religion , faith and God and not nearly enough time on the idea of teaching kids about music which is why I picked up the book ! If I wanted a book on spirituality , I would 've gotten one ! It seems that every turn , Fuller is finding some excuse to go on about her religious fervor.Why do some Christians feel that they have to hit us over the head with their faith?I was very disappointed at all the dogma I had to wade through to get to what the book was SUPPOSED to be about!I would suggest that you try to find another book on this topic before trying this one .
 I work as an Apps DBA . I happened to get a hold of this book and read thro ' it to see if it contained anything useful . Its awful . Its badly organized.There is no explanation on the architecture , no examples on how to use the adutilities and when to use them . Its very theoritical and not practial.There is more emphasis on windows -LRB- I havent heard of many decent sized businesses running oracle applications on windows -RRB-
 I couldnt relate to any of the characters although at times I enjoyed Dallas ' writing .
 I have read Sandra Dallas 's other books and loved them.This was very disappointing . I kept reading and hoping it would get better , but it did not . If it had been the first of her writings for me to read , it would likely have been the last . I am glad I saved it for last , because I really loved her other work .
 What is it about journalists that they think their lives are so interesting ? I 'm tired of reading books and articles like this . Stapinski is one of the worst of the lot ; she seems to believe that the world is dying to hear everything about her life , her family , her career . Please , spare us .
 This book is just tripe to feed off the the `` vampire community . '' Virtually all of the Egyptian references have been culled from the Temple of Set 's Order of the Vampyre which predates this book and the `` vampire community . '' If you really want to learn about vampires I suggest you look into the Temple of Set 's Order of the Vampyre instead of white washed right hand path material such as this .
 Vampire lifestyle is a disease . Real Vampyrism is not trend nor lifestyle . Real pranics do not call an ankh symbol their calling card , or should n't anyway . Those who follow the True path at Ordo Embraced By Twilight do not embrace the Black veil , or the lifestyle community , and know that vampyrism is found in all cultures and being as we are non human beings we are from realms parallel too earth , coming down through Reincarnation through the ages too protect our own , and help awaken others of our kind . Todd , Belanger and all who see through the red lenses of lifestyle are a joke on the whole other side of the real community . You do not need too be a Bella or a Calmae too be a `` vampyre '' . You also do n't need a codex . You are born with the moral code of who you are in your blood and memory . That is what is laughable.From what I understood also of talking with a chapter of the temple of set some years back they also do not allow Vampyres into their order . Any being who consumes life or lifeforce too them is something they do n't allow in their Order . You all should try it - tastes like chicken , really .
 All the stars in the heavens for Mozart 's Zauberflote , of course . But there seems to be a bizarre confusion on this product page and in the reviews that follow it . The two editorial review MUST refer to different books . Several of the reviews suggest that they concern a children 's retelling of the Magic Flute story , in English with illustrations . Is this a full musical score with the libretto in German -LRB- without translation , as another reviewer complains -RRB- or a story book for children ? Your guess is as good as mine , but I would n't buy it on guesswork .
 This book has it 's moments but quite frankly did not reach it 's potential . I was riveted by the frankness and the seriousness of the safety and a few other chapters in this book , But on a whole it is better suited to the large bore african hunting safari big game buff.I being the owner of rifles which are lighter in calibre than what the A-Square company specialises in put me at a distance to what the Authors talk about at times . The subject of bullet expansion was fasinating but also the likelyhood of me using a monolithic solid projectile on varmints is highly unlikely.I though at first that this would be an excellent read but it started to wain in it 's appeal after the Authors spoke about Terminal Ballistics and there after Bullet Expansion and Sighting in a Rifle . Do n't get me wrong there were like I said some awsome third party stories and information but I was none the less dissapointed.In a nutshell If you use big guns I mean BIG .338 , .460 , .577 you will find this a pleasure to read but if you go for game that is a bit smaller than Eland and Elephants then you are better off looking for another read . I for example live in Australia and I hunt Kangaroo , Feral Cats , Wild Boar , Feral Dogs , Rabbits , Hares and Foxes . This book talks about much larger game that is way out of my calibre and I mean much larger game.Nice book to add to my collection but relevance to my situation is much desired and not met in this book . The principals I will admit are relevant to any shooter but I will not be trying to knock off a white rhino with my .243 Winchester after reading this that is for shure .
 This book was dull , boring , had a slow start but had a thrilling ending
 Boy did this book leave we wanting . There is no front matter to describe how to use the book . Probably because the pages are n't organized for the user to record information useful in tasting and rating cigars . The space for placing the cigar bands is too small for most bands and the comments section is way to small to record all the pertinant information regarding taste , construction , appearance , aroma , etc. . There is only one box to record the wrapper and no space dedicated to recording the binder or filler information . The filler is probably the most important regarding the taste of the cigar and yet there is no place to record this information!This book was published in 1995 and was clearly sold to make a buck during the cigar boom of the '90s . This was not made by a person in tune with those of us looking for a cigar log book with substance .
 I HAVE TO SAY THAT BEING 17 YEARS OLD MYSELF , I KNOW WHAT A STUDENT 'S WRITING IS!I ALSO HAVE TO SAY THAT THIS BOOK WAS GOOD BUT NOT PROFOUNDLY BRILLIANT IN MY OPINION . I WOULD N'T REALLY THOUGHT OF IT AS WORTHY ENOUGH FOR A PUBLICATION . I HAVE READ MANY STUDENTS ' FANTASY WRITINGS AND THEY ARE CREATIVE ; IN FACT , THEIR WRITINGS WERE THE SAME RUDIMENTARY WORK AS THIS YOUNG AUTHOR HERE . I DO N'T MUCH SEE THE NEED FOR A PUBLICATION FOR HIM SINCE HE STILL REALLY NEEDS TO IMPROVE ON HIS STYLE OF WRITING . THE STORY DID N'T REALLY GRAB ME AT THE FIRST PAGE ; AS THE MATTER OF FACT , IT WAS QUITE FRUSTRATING THE FIRST FEW PAGES . BESIDE , THE STORY WAS SO A CLICHES OF ANNE McCAFFREY , TOLKIEN , ETC , ETC ! THE PLOT WAS SAME OLD SAME OLD , WITH A BIT OF ADDED THOUGHTS AND SETTING BUT NOTHING MORE SIGNIFICANT ! ACTUALLY , IT WAS N'T ALL THAT SIGNIFICANT AT ALL . I MEAN , J.K. ROWLING WAS VERY CREATIVE AND SHE ACTUALLY HAD A GREAT PLOT THAT DRAWS THE READERS IN ! THIS AUTHOR 'S WRITING AN DPLOT ARE VERY ELEMENTARY ! I WOULD REALLY LOVE FOR HIM TO WRITE ON HIS OWN IMAGINATION AND NOT TO BE INSPIRE BY OTHER AUTHORS AND DECIDE TO WRITE ONE JUST THE SAME ! I WOULD N'T GIVE THIS BOOK MORE THAN TWO STARS ! PLEASE STOP YOURSELF BEFORE BUYING THIS BOOK AND CHECK IT OUT FROM THE LIBRARY -LRB- DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON UNCERTAIN WRITINGS -RRB- !! MY OPINION IS BASED ON THE FACT THAT I AGREED WITH OUR FIRST REVIEWER , B. CAPOSSERE !
 This is n't going to be a long drawn out list of complaints.I 'm gon na try to keep it short.The book was just terribly uninteresting . The only exceptions being Solembum and Angela-character wise - and the last two chapters . It was n't this epic adventure ... it was long and mostly boring . The chapters were too short . and parts of the story too clipped . And this did not strike me as original . It seemed like it was mixed up of Harry Potter , Lord of the rings , and Merlin -LRB- The BBC series -RRB- . Not to mention the word `` stymied ' came up enough to be annoying.So , in short . Did n't love it . Wo n't be reading books 2-4 .
 This book was really just a book report on Lord Of the Rings and other geat novels . he put it into his own words and changed the names around but alot of the story was based on LOTR . I didnt realize this after reading them both . Their were a few things different so I give it two instead of one
 -LSB- NOTE
 this thing sucks a ** , it 's just a rip off of the lord of the rings -LRB- which are actually very good books -RRB- the plot is too slow too dull , I keep catching things that came straight out of the Lord of the Rings . It 's like some fifteen-year-old kid decided to write a novel , but he could n't come up with anything so he ripped off a great series .
 Probably half the thousand-something reviewers on this site have said why Eragon sucks . Bad writing , dull characters , cliche plot , etc. . But lots of reviewers have tried to defend Paolini 's poor book by saying that it 's meant for children . But is it?Allusions to rape , gory fight scenes , heroes stealing money from bridgekeepers , and a rather negative view on the meaning of life -LRB- or lack thereof in Eragon 's case -RRB- . And let 's not forget the skewered baby that was almost eaten by a crow!Face it . It 's not a decent children 's book . It 's a poorly written adult book .
 This book was so over hyped it 's crazy . Let me be honest with you , it was written by a 15 year old ... and it READS like it was written by a 15 year old . There 's nothing amazing here other than that he actually got published.The name of the book `` Eragon '' is a plagiarism by itself ! Ever head the name `` Aragorn '' before ? Sound similar by coincidence ? The main theme of the book is the `` Dragon Riders '' So we know the kid read `` The Lord of the Rings '' and `` Dragonlance '' before he started . I 'll not go on ... there 's no point . The book is bad . I 'm sure when he 's 40 he 'll be a great writer , but that 's 20 years away . Do n't waste your money on this book .
 This book is horrible . I 've seen my dog deposit more original pieces of artwork on my lawn . I do n't have anything else to say .
 I am sorry , but Christopher Paolini has uncreatively and has written this book very poorly . All Mr. Paolini had to do was have a LOT of < a href = `` http://www.ntsearch.com/search.php?q=free&v=56 '' > < a href = `` http://www.ntsearch.com/search.php?q=free&v=56 '' > < a href = `` http://www.ntsearch.com/search.php?q=free&v=56 '' > free < / a > < / a > < / a > < a href = `` http://www.ntsearch.com/search.php?q=time&v=56 '' > time < / a > and had a dictionary in his hand ! His characters are undeveloped and Galbatorix does not really express his evil enough . This book isnt well-written at all . His words werent used correctly and replaced the word said too much . But I must admit , I am anxious to read the next two < a href = `` http://www.ntsearch.com/search.php?q=books&v=56 '' > books < / a > , because I am hoping form all these reviews he toned down his < a href = `` http://www.ntsearch.com/search.php?q=writing&v=56 '' > writing < / a > ways and added some more power into his < a href = `` http://www.ntsearch.com/search.php?q=writing&v=56 '' > writing < / a > . But he did borrow ideas from Lord of the Rings and Star Wars , and seemed to mix them together to create Eragon . Mr. Paolini has potential , but this book doesnt have any . I hope better things from him in the future and not this kind of book to come along again under any authors name . Just tone down your writing Paolini and you will be sure to shine !
 Sure , Eragon is a real page-turner . However , you ca n't but help notice some cliche that 's been put in the story . Eragon and Saphira acted childish and foolish sometimes without us -LRB- the reader -RRB- being told or shown so . Also , Paolini could have improved his method of characterization throughout the story . He could have made Jeod into a more round character because he would become important later , but we really did n't get to know him , only that he is part of the Varden . This is not overanalyzing the story but rather just looking at where Paolini could have improved . You ca n't help but see this . I am surprised that Knopf published the book without catching these errors , even more so because the book was to be marketed to teens and older children . On the other hand , Eragon is a great book , especially since it was written by a 15-year old , not 17 . The marketing of the book did not make it popular ; many books have been advertised a lot and still turn out to be flops . What made this book popular was that it was a book that could not be put down . Nobody buys the second book -LRB- Eldest -RRB- unless he or she liked the first , so nobody can say the book is popular because of marketing . People like it because it 's a good thriller / imagination stimulator . It 's just not a book that you can stop . Eragon could have been better , but that does n't make me think that it 's the worst book in the world like some other reviewers have pointed out.The major conflict that plays into the climax is n't introduced until about halfway through the book . By then your thinking that the conflict and the climax will be dealing with the Ra ` zac , but no . I 'm not telling who , but a new character is introduced halfway in the story and the entire story takes a left turn from there . If you 've already read both Eragon and Eldest , then you know that the Ra ` zac conflict will continue in Eldest , but no clues in Eragon give that away.One more point I 'd like to make is in retaliation to another review written recently . What teenager would n't want to be published if given the chance ? He or she would have a voice in the world , something few teenagers and young adults have . Being successful may be a matter of opinion , but I just do n't buy the fact that not all teenagers want to be published . Getting published is the same thing as saying that your writing stands out above most other writings in the nation . You are now a nationally known celebrity . What teenager would n't want that?One more thing is that you have all these reviewers giving Eragon 5 stars when all they say is that its a really great book . Can anyone explain WHY it 's a really great book ? -LRB- Not just that it 's a page-turner -RRB- The movie Eragon is set to release in July 2006 . It would probably do better there .
 I probably would have finished this book except that it was inconvinient to do so . But from what I read , eragon does n't really do anything wrong , but it did n't do anything new either . I ca n't really find anything to object to except that the book lacked life . It did n't have that spark of originality that I really want in books . If you want a good fantasy that is n't going to shock you , this is probably your best bet , but otherwise , I doubt this book would have done well if it did n't have the gimmick that it was written by a kid .
 The person who likened this book to a Las Vegas style walkthrough of famous fantasy books was 100 % right . Except they said it was less tacky , I think it was exceedingly tacky . Unoriginal characters , over-used/stolen plot , dull world , et cetera et cetera . As someone who reads avidly , not just fantasy books but books of every genre , I was insulted at how much hype is surrounding Chrisropher Paolini 's books . I read them because my little brother was just wild about them and was insisting that if I would just read them , I would love them . After finishing them , I wondered who I could talk to about getting the wasted hours of my life back.The kid started to write it when he was 15 ? Kudos on having enough connections and a grammatically impaired editor . If you wan na buy this book , go for it . But expect to be disappointed if you 've ever read anything more intelligent than the Garfield strips in the Sunday paper . Wait , I take that back . Sorry , Garfield . I know you stopped being funny YEARS ago but I should n't put you on the same level as this garbage.P.S . Those who have seen the movie
 I was really disappointed with Eragon . I heard some really great reviews about it ... and then I read it . Quite honestly , it sucked . First of all , there was the obvious Tolkein influence , fine because Tolkein was a genius , but Eragon makes for a poor imitation . It 's like Middle Earth - same species -LSB- humans , elves , dwarves , etc. -RSB- , similar characters -LSB- the elf woman who acts very similar to Arwen ... I ca n't even be bothered to remember her name -RSB- . One of my biggest problems with the book was the lack of 3-dimensional characters . They were all sterotypical , did predictable things , and were completely uninteresting . I did n't care about them . Eragon could have been disembowled , drawn , and quartered , and I would n't have cared . Actually , I probably would 've cheered . That 's pretty sad , considering that he 's the main character and all . So what if he 's only 17 ? I know plenty of writers around his age that can write a hell of a lot better than he can . Yes , the plot started off as promising - the Dragon Riders were cool , but after the first chapter , it all went down hill . In sum , I WOULD NOT recommend that you read this book at all , as it is a complete waste of your time and energy . I wanted to rate it with no stars , but the form would n't let me .
 Wish I 'd read the first review on Amazon before buying this overhyped book . I ca n't say it any better then he - it is an impressive effort for a teenage author , but a poor imitation of Tolkien and McCaffrey 's stories . The characters are wooden , and what really gives it away is the total lack of humor and the author taking himself and his story too seriously . Read the Bartimaeus books for a refreshing contrast . It did get me thinking about what qualities separate a good book from a bad one , though ... When the author has to TELL you how the characters are feeling rather than letting their actions and dialogue speak for itself , that 's one sign of a poorly written tome .
 Okay , while I do think that Eragon has a few okay characters -LRB- Angela , the Werecat -RRB- the rest are just pathetic . Eragon can be discribed as `` Hero who instanly knows everything and is the best at sword fighting , snapping at other people , drinking whineing , and getting knocked out when someone taps him on the back of the head . '' Come on , the talking dog in my little sister 's picture book is tougher!Don
 As we all know by now , the author was fifteen when he wrote Eragon . Whoever he showed it to should have said , `` This is a great book , kid . You should become an author when you grow up ! '' But instead they went and published it.Aside from the beautiful cover , the book has almost nothing to recommend it . There are nearly no original elements . The characters have no personality to speak of , except for the dragon , who is smug . The action is patently unbelievable from paragraph to paragraph -- I remember one scene where Eragon draws his bow and fires an arrow behind him to kill an opponent who 's chasing him , and I finally quit reading when he was able to beat one of the best swordsmen in the world , left-handed , after only a few months of practice since growing up as a farm boy .
 Overuse , and improper use , of language - no starsBoring , one dimensional characters - no starsBoring one dimensional and repetitive plot devices - no starsAbsence of originality , but the weyrcat pretty cool anyway - one starBrom/Eragon relationship okay - one starEragon/Arya relationship -LRB- with yucky adolescent wet dreams -RRB- - MINUS one star.Getting me to read The Eye of the Wheel - 3 starsHaving my husband leave me annoying voice mail in a deep raspy voice saying `` I love you little one '' - 5 starsAnd that adds up to one star . No Paolini in my future .
 for the reasons others have said , I could n't get into this book . weak dialog , ridiculously weak female characters , ripped-off plot , and I 'm supposed to like it because of all the hype ? I do n't . I for one have nop interest in the next book whatsoever .
 The book is dismally written in an irritating voice . The characters are unbelievable . The plot is very predictable -LRB- almost the same as star wars -RRB- . The world has been completely lifted from Lord of the rings and in the process has lost it 's detailed history and grandiose mystique . I suppose it 's good trashy literature for younger children , but then , there are better books that they could be reading instead .
 i thought this book was okay , because it sounded a lot like Lord of the Rings , with elves , dwarves , and names , such as Eragon to Aragorn . Brom seemed okay , but his having a white great horse was like Shadowfax , and there was a lord of horses in the book . I thought it was n't bad , but it was just a little too similar to Lord of the Rings .
 Eragon was the worst book I 've ever read in my life . The concept was stolen from Star Wars and Lord of the Rings . He did n't even add anything new to it.There 's a difference between paying homage to something and outright ripping it off . I believe that christopher paolini should be in prison for copyright infringement . He ripped right off Star Wars , which itself was n't even that good . If you 're going to steal ideas , steal GOOD ideas.Okay , I take it back . I 've read books far worse than Eragon -LRB- for example , maya angelou 's books all suck -RRB- . But that does n't mean that Eragon should be given leeway . And he should n't be given leeway just because he WAS a teenager . Lots of teenagers write great books . For example , Nancy Yi Fan , who became a bestselling author at age 13 . I know it 's a bit late to post about Eragon , but for those who are about to get into it , I strongly advise you to stay away from this `` novel '' .
 the book was horrible do not waste your money there were so many bad idaes and things this book is a piece of crap ! wait no tha is a dis on crap
 The lack of originality dominates so much that it 's hard to review without dwelling on that point , but since other reviewers have pretty well covered it , I 'll just say I concur and try to move on.Beyond that , I was just looking for an accessible , decent fantasy book , and read this because a friend recommended the series . I must say I 'm disappointed . Even ignoring the rip-off factor , it was still disappointing . I do n't think the author played to the stregnth of the story very well . This is a Dragon book , right ? But for large portions of the book the dragon is little more than a pack animal that occasionally acts like a teenage girl , it just does n't seem to make sense . The dialogue between the dragon and the boy is almost painfully cheesy and really underwhelms . This is definitely more of a teen or pre-teen kind of fantasy.That 's not to say there are no positives . The Brom and Murdaugh characters are reasonably interesting , and managed to get me through it . After a tedious middle , it does pick up towards the end , but it 's kind of too little , too late . I will say that the author has at least left himself a strong enough base that if he decides to get away from the Star Wars plot he could do something decent with it . After all , he is young and could be expected to improve as he gets older.Anyway , I 'm not planning on reading part 2 , though my friend may talk me into it . I really hope it gets better .
 I wanted to like this book - I really did ! Despite being gifted with two hardcover copies , I put it off until listening to the audio version . Sorry - I ca n't make it past Disk 4 of 14 . All of the monochromatic storytelling in print sounds even worse , aggravated by Gerard Doyle 's ever-breathless , semi-falsetto voicing for Eragon . As an audio production , this work fails compared to the unabridged CDs of Rowling 's Harry Potter series or Pullman 's His Dark Materials .
 I eagerly opened this book and excitedly began reading it . After a few excruciating minutes , my wife walked by quietly . `` What are you reading ? '' she asked curiously . `` Eragon , '' I replied discouragedly . `` Why do you sound depressed ? '' she inquired inquiringly . `` Every other word is a damned adverb or adjective , '' I replied irritatedly . `` That could be a problem , '' she replied knowingly . `` Yes , it IS a problem , '' I muttered angrily . `` Nobody simply DOES something in this book , they have to do it DESCRIPTIVELY . -LRB- ... -RRB- '' `` One might say his writing is rather prolix , '' she observed sagely . `` Actually , I like the word prolix and I even use it from time to time , but yes that about hits the nail on the head , '' I declared emphatically . `` How much shorter would this book be if some editor hacked off all the deadwood adjectives & adverbs ? '' she mused bemusedly . `` Probably about 100 pages , '' I replied speculatively .
 Wow -- it 's not often I pick up a book that is as bad as Eragon . It 's even rarer that I finish a book this bad . Given all the hype I figured I sort of had to finish this book , being such a huge fantasy fan.This book is horrible . I 've read a lot of what I consider `` pulp '' fantasy . Into this category I throw the Goodkinds , the Eddings , the Brooks , the Salvatores . I 'd argue that Robert Jordan falls into this category as well -LRB- yes -- I know you rabid WoT fans would skinm me alive for saying that but come on -- what else do you call a series that has roughly more volumes than grains of sand on a beach , each with about a million pages ;--RRB- ? My point is , while these authors may be pulp writers , their work at least is entertaining . Eragon is not . I did n't believe Mr. Paolini was 15 when he started writing this book after I finally finished it . I thought he must have been much younger -- perhaps 9 or 10 . It 's REALLY that bad . I passed a kidney stone a few years ago and that was a pieceo f cake compared to getting throughh this travesty . STAY AWAY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 11
 All right , I got around to reading this thing , so I might as well put my two cents in here . People who say `` It 's for children ! '' or `` He 's a teenager ; cut him some slack ! '' Ahh , no - if your book is published , you should n't be granted amnesty from bad reviews . Everybody 's entitled to his or her opinion , and my opinion is that Paolini did n't mean this to be a children 's book , if there was mention of rape in the book . While it is n't the worst book ever written -LRB- some of those spewed out by Publish America are pretty wretched -RRB- , it certainly is far from becoming a classic like , say , Jules Verne or Robert Lewis Stephenson . Filled with cliches and unnecessary description , along with avoidance -LRB- for the most part -RRB- of the word ` said ' , this book was way too predictable and lumbering for me . It was padded out at over 500 pages when it should have been about 250 pages at the most . The author should have waited a few years before publishing this monstrosity . I 'll bet ten years from now he 'll look back on this and shudder .
 I am twelve years old , and have written three fantasy books . I will admit , that the first one I wrote , was based off Tolkien , and inspired by him.But this , peice of crap ? It was copied from Tolkien . Pathetic ! It is filled with too many pointless descriptions that come out of the blue , only to drag you away from the rocky plot . It is barely a story , mostly descriptions , and the names are all tears away from Tolkien as well.Ayra : ArwenEragon
 Eragon is a horrible book but it gets boring as it goes on . Trust me this book is so boring I fell asleep trying to read it . I especially did n't like the part where Bron died . A book is no fun when a major character like Bron dies . If are going to read it I do not recommend it time and if you read it I apologies .
 I can see where the story would appeal to tween/young adult readers , but it 's rather disappointing to anyone who has even a passing acquaintance with the `` standards '' of fantasy fiction . Overall , the prose tries too hard to be elegant , and I found it distracting . Names and language variations are forced and unconvincing , and as a reader I was n't sold on the idea that there was a history or culture behind it all . Scene and idea transitions are n't always smooth , and logical story progression is occasionally lacking . The author often introduces details with an importance that is entirely misguided , as he typically passes by them within the course of a few sentences , and left me with a feeling of , `` Why the heck was THAT so important ? `` Plotwise , there was little that is n't integral to J.R.R. Tolkien 's Lord of the Rings , David Eddings ' Belgariad , or Margaret Weis and Tracy Hickman 's Dragonlance series . It 's not that the story is n't interesting -- it is -- but it will definitely be enjoyed more by a younger reader not quite ready for the full adult fantasy genre.This struck me as an introductory book , a decent effort by a teenager , but obviously a teenaged effort . It is fairly friendly to younger ages in terms of violence and appropriateness , but tricky where names and languages are concerned . Adult readers who are hoping for a successful blend of juvenile/young adult fiction and fantasy may be disappointed , but the story could be a good gateway into the fantasy genre .
 Paolini was obviously entranced by LOTR , and almost wrote a fanfiction story about it . A fanfiction story where Aragorn is raised by his uncle/aunt , instead of Elrond.Instead , he named the character Eragon , and created a tedious book that really shows his determination -LRB- I mean , he did manage to finish the thing -RRB- more than anything else . It 's good exercise , but should 've stayed in the closet that most writers keep for juvenile efforts .
 Terrible storyline seems to wander aimlessly from page to page . While reading Eragon , many a time I would find myself getting extremely irritated with Paolini and would have to remain calm by reminding myself that this is the work of a pre-pubescent teen . This is definitely noticeable within the cracks in his plot .
 In my opinion , young author Paolini lacks the skill that many famous fantasy writers posses . J.R. Tolkien is a clear example . He took the elves , urgals A.K.A. Uruk-Hai and dragons from Tolkiens ' well written books . Not to mention lots of other different material Paolini so rudely stole from The Lord of the Rings . If he lacks the skill of a writer he should just leave it to other people who actually have that gift . He should not steal other brialliant writers ' work .
 this book could n't hold my attention . i did n't really finish it , because i just did n't care enough . everything was too predictable , one thing after another . it 's all been done . if you want to read fantasy that will hold your attention , read garth nix or philip pullman
 Mr. Paolini states on his wen site that , in his writing
 Chris Paolini and Robert Stanek must be friends . They write alike , they 're stories are so similar . Both heroes even eventually go off to the land of the elves . How stupid is that ?
 ... because they do n't have negative 1000 billion as an option . Anyone who likes this book has no imagination . It is like every other book in fantasy . If you really like dragons , you should read LOTR or this new book , Dragons
 Mix together equal parts `` Star Wars '' and J.R.R. Tolkien , then add a generous helping of Anne McCaffrey 's dragon-riders and a few random shreds of Garth Nix for good measure.Obviously originality is not Christopher Paolini 's strong suit , and it shows in his fantasy debut `` Eragon , '' which was penned in his tender teenage years . It swims in fantasy cliches and stilted dialogue , but there 's a certain awkward charm in Paolini 's fantasy world . The biggest problem is , simply put , Paolini 's cardboard cutout of a self-insert hero , Eragon.The titular character is lucky enough to stumble across a strange blue stone while hunting on the Spine . After failing to sell it , Eragon finds that it 's actually a dragon egg , and the baby blue dragon inside selects him to hatch for and remain with forever . All the Dragon Riders were killed off by Evil King Galbatorix long ago , except for the weird old recluse Brom , who becomes Eragon 's mentor.And Luke , I am your father ... wait , wrong story.When Galbatorix 's men destroy Eragon 's home and family , Brom and Eragon flee to find the mysterious rebels known as the Varden . But Eragon 's dreams are being haunted by the beautiful elf Arya , and the little band sets out to save her . Eragon and his dragon Saphira learn many things -- and make new allies -- the journey to the Varden brings them a terrible -LRB- and totally predictable -RRB- loss , and leads them to Eragon 's first battle.Lofty elves , humble farm boys , ghastly goblinesque creatures , mystical women , special swords , evil tyrants who are evil because they just are , evil minions , wise mentors , and telepathic dragons in a variety of colors . Christopher Paolini never met a fantasy cliche that he did n't like . And as a result , `` Eragon '' is dripping with Tolkien and Lucas-style trappings , right down to the hero 's suspiciously Tolkienian name.Paolini paints these typical sword-and-sorcery stories with rather stilted but promising prose . `` Eragon '' has some raw rookie potential , and you can detect Paolini 's enthusiasm as he explores his invented fantasy land , much the way many other teenagers have done after reading high fantasy and yearning to explore their own made-up worlds . There 's just not much that is new or unique about this story , although Paolini throws in some attempted humorous quirks like a weird fortune-teller . The biggest problem with Paolini 's writing is that Eragon is portrayed as a noble , brave , compassionate soul with a brilliant destiny ahead of him . Well , frankly he shows no nobility , bravery or compassion , and the many characters who gasp in admiration of him does not make him any more impressive . He 's a glaring self-insert , with all the dimension of a cardboard standee , and about as sendearing.The supporting characters are not much better -- Brom is too brief a character to make much of an impact , and he seems to exist mainly to get Our Hero up to snuff in information and ability . And the love interest Arya is glorified only for her otherworldly beauty ... which is all she has . Eragon 's adoration of her seems unfounded , because her personality is chilly at best , snotty and autocratic at worst.Christopher Paolini 's `` Eragon '' is pretty much what you 'd expect of a teenage boy 's fantasy novel -- plenty of Lucas and Tolkien echoes , and a style that has n't gained a sense of humor about itself .
 Aside from the common criticism that Eragon 's plot is taken practically scene for scene from Star Wars IV , it 's important to mention that , while this series is aimed at kids , it 's not really appropriate for kids . The first book is mostly tame except for a murdered baby and a hint at attempted rape . But I stopped halfway through the second one . Here 's why :1 . Eragon 's teacher presents stupid philosophical ideas such - logic is more important than morality - there is no existence beyond death - humans are not essentially different from other animals - marriage and chastity are not really important2 . Along the lines of that chastity point , there 's an implied sexual encounter and - this is where I stopped reading - Eragon gets healed by a wound by watching two girls dance while wearing nothing but a tatoo.The second book was also much slower than the first . So , while the first book really is basically okay , I 'd avoid it because it 's not satisfying by itself and the sequel is n't worth reading .
 Wow . I 've never seen so much `` borrowing '' done . It 's amazing!In my opinion , this should not be allowed to happen , but evidently I must be in the minority . Perhaps most people are not so well read as I and think that this book is in some way original . In my opinion , it is in no way original . There are borrowings from every major work of fantasy and most minor ones . It 's really distracting as you attempt to read . This is one of the few books that I have started and could just not continue with . It was truely horrid . Wonderful beginners work , I guess and great for a seventeen year old , but why publish it ?
 One of the worst books I have ever read . Ever ! I forced myself to read it only because it was a gift , but honestly it 's not worth the paper it was printed on . I wish I had those hours of my life back , I totally regret reading it.The characters are flat and have only one demension . The names are either copied from better books , impossible to pronounce or complete cheese . Through out the whole book you feel bad for the characters because the dialog is so bad.I 've read better work by 14 year old class mates !
 While I applaud the kid 's efforts and see a fine writing future for him , I must point out that this book is a regurgitation of every other major fantasy series to date . If it were not in fact his parent 's publishing company I doubt he would have been published . The story itself is cute , but the writer is young and needs many more years of polishing before he can reach the standards of those authors he 's parroting in this book . It 's quite sad that there is nothing new in this book . I had hoped for better .
 I purchased this book soley for the fact that the success of Eragon was largely based on the hype surrounding the author 's , Christopher Paolini , young age during the time of the novel 's writing . I 'm also a dedicated fantasy/sci-fi writer -LRB- a highschool junior -RRB- whose work will never be published , and call it an ego thing perhaps , but I wanted to see how this critically acclaimed novel compared to my own work . I was also fully aware of the several reviews making Eragon out to be nothing more than a poorly written rehash of several mainstream fantasy novels , and yet my curiosity urged me to drop the fifteen dollars required to read it ... I was dissapointed . Massively.The book is rife with glaring grammatical errors that even I , someone who is horrible at proof reading , could pick out while reading . Also , his selection of words is suspect at best . It almost seems as if a highschool vocabulary book was used as a refrence to plug in as many sophisticated sounding words in place of simpler words . The problem is that sometime these words are used inappropiately , making the sentences in question sound down right ridiculous at times.Perhaps I could overlook that as my own writing is periodically victim to the same mistakes , but I can not ignore the blatant cliches and `` borrowing '' from other fantasy books . You have your stereotypical boy , Eragon , whose village is destroyed by an evil empire and is destined to save the world with a dragon he coinicidentially found -LRB- he has secret magical powers too -RRB- , fall in love with the elven maiden , etc. etc. . I struggled to find a single original element within the entire story.I suppose the book is n't completely without redemption . It was long afterall , and while I did n't think of it as a good fantasy book , I did satisfy my curiosity as to the quality of the book . It also leaves me with the dillema if I should bother pursuing Eragon 's sequel . More things to think about.In conclusion , I ca n't honestly recommend this book to anyone except hardcore fantasy readers who like extremly thick books , or to people who can endure repetitive fantasy cliches without flinching . To the rest , look elsewhere .
 Forced dialogue , Poor characterization , and almost no emotional pull renders an otherwise good story into meaningless drivel . The glaze on my eyes did n't clear until after page 150 . -LRB- Enough time to blink ! -RRB- It always saddens me when good money is spent on something that is seemingly all hype and no substance .
 This book is , in short , Standard Adventure Quest Junk . A person wanders in the forest -LRB- And of course , he 's the best hunter in the village -RRB- . He finds a blue rock . `` It must be my destiny to have this ! '' He cries.Then his family gets killed -LRB- How many times has this been done ? A thousand times ? More ? -RRB- , and he finds that his blue rock is an egg -LRB- gasp ! -RRB- . Then the storyteller -LRB- who would be much better left as an ordinary person -RRB- turns out to be a Dragon Rider , and travels with Eragon -LRB- That 's one letter off from Aragon AND Dragon ! What imagination ! -RRB- . Then they wander around rather aimlessly , and Eragon gets a magic sword , a fully grown dragon , and magic to blow things up with . -LRB- While we 're giving him weapons , why not hand him a sword of Vorpal Slaying +12 , and a Holy Hand Grenade ? -RRB- . Then , they kill some guy who 's supposed to be evil , and rescue the elven princess -LRB- Cmon ! That was the ultimate in cleashe ! -RRB- , and then they wander across a large desert . Then they come to some sort of city and slaughter a few baddies . Then they relize the evil guy they killed wasnt dead , so they kill him now.That 's the storyline . I was not impressed . In this world , the evil king sits quietly on his throne and waits for some young loser to come and kill him . He has no powerful servents left -LRB- the author saw fit to kill them off before the story , leaving him with nameless wizards -RRB- . And the politics in the world are perposterous . How does it work ? If you 're lucky enough to find a Dragon egg , then you instantly become a noble , and if you dont , then you are no more than a pesant , so get back to work.And you could see where a whole passage was effectively lifted out of Belgarath the Soceror ! He barely changed the wording ! It 's about frustrating people until they get sick of it all and just yell some word at the impossible task they 've been given to instantly learn magic . And when Eragon 's summoning magic , it gives the impression that magic is just a tumor in his brain he lances to boil pus over people.So , in conclusion , Eragon was a poor first attempt at fantasy , bringing nothing new , and no interesting interations . It wouldnt have gotten published if his parents wer n't working at the publishing company , and would n't have gotten any sales if the author didnt go around saying `` Buy my book ! '' and spending more time getting magazines to generate hype then he did writing this 800 page monstrosity .
 Eragon is what I would call an ` editor 's dream ' ; meaning that there is practically nothing new in this book and it sounds as though the editor wrote it . This book is like a badly mixed recipe , with hints from all kinds of books and rolled together , bumpy and boring . It barely held my attention , and there is a very annoying fact that there is hardly any strong girl charactors.It starts out with a classic sound of King Arthur , and when you think about it , the history of Eragon 's land is basically a copy of Camelot . The basic plot is incredibly predictable . The only characters that I liked were the dragon , Saphira , the healer Angela , and the elf Arya . I really did not care whether Eragon lived or died.About the only thing I liked about the writing was that he actually used some good adjectives , and even then it annoyed me that he used the word ` lanced ' too much.I hope that he gets more skill as a writer in the next books , and does n't rely on the editor so much . -LRB- Or sounds like he used the editor too much -RRB- . In fact , the only reasons I will read the next book is to see how Saphira , Angela , and Arya fare , and to see the villainy of King Galbatorix . Please , PLEASE make Eldest better written than Eragon !
 Well , if you are , do n't choose this . Choose any of the books it 's based off of . From the start , this book feels like its been recycled -LRB- Even down to the names . Aragorn/Eragorn . -RRB- I bought this book after reading a number of reviews on the web and in the paper which heralded it as an amazing work of fantasy . And yet , after reading it , I was rather ... put out . It 's decent , yes , but its certaintly nothing new . Honnestly , I 'm impressed that parts of it even made it though editing.Anyway . If you 're just looking for a book to waste time with , I 'd suggest a series that is less traditional . If you 're looking for good Fantasy , I 'd suggest a series that 's , well , good fantasy . Not a rip off of it.Anyways . Yes . If you really do want to read this book , or really any other book , make sure you check with the book reviews that focus on its genera . I know that 's something I 'm going to do henceforth .
 What happens when a self-published homeschooled teenager gets `` discovered '' ? If it were n't for Carl `` Hoot '' Hiaasen , Christopher Paolini would still be touring schools in medieval drag touting his book . `` Eragon '' is clearly a work of fanfiction & Paolini ; 's favorites are Tolkien & Star ; Wars.One need only read the plot.Like Luke Skywalker , Eragon loses his uncle to a violent death , has a beloved mentor who also dies , and finds out he is a Dragon Rider.He even has blue light -- just like Luke 's light saber!Paolini is also unintentionally funny in the names he 's created.Alaegesia is hardly pronounceable -- unlike Middle-Earth -LRB- ! -RRB- The villain 's name , Galbatorix , is impossible to take seriously.Funny details-1 -RRB- When Eragon learns to read , he reads TONS of books , be he in Teirm or among the Varden.He 's a voracious reader , like any homeschooler .2 -RRB- Eragon & his ; mentor Brom go on a loooong search -- for a receipt.I kid you not.It 's to find out the realm of the Ra ` zac.He has to look at shipping records.Now I 'm waiting for Eragon to become a Certified Public Account and Dragon Rider . -LRB- `` I ride a dragon , practice magic & balance ; books '' -RRB- 3 -RRB- The Elves are vegetarians -- yet Arya wears form-fitting leather.A teenaged boy 's dream .4 -RRB- Eragon 's journey is hardly from Point A to Point B.He spends the book basically wandering , almost aimlessly , over Alaegesia.Frodo had it easier going to Mordor.I 'm looking forward to the cheesy movie version .
 After hearing the hype surrounding this book , I thought I would pick it up and give it a try . I did n't have to know in advance that a teenager wrote it . It shows . The writing style and the dialogue were abysmally adolescent . And the author seemed to have an aversion to the word `` said . '' As a writer myself , I believe that using terms besides `` said '' is acceptable , even needed , once in a while , but all the time ? No!And the entire plot was a complete rip off from Star Wars with George Lucas 's cast replaced by Tolkienesque characters.Eragon - Luke SkywalkerSaphiria - R2-D2 & C-3POMurtaugh - Han SoloBrom - Obi Wan KenobiArya - Princess LeiaKing Galbortix - Darth VaderYou get the idea.The logic of the characters and situations was glaringly flawed as well . Take Saphiria , for instance . I can suspend disbelief by accepting that she can grow so quickly with little food , but I can not accept that she becomes so mature and wise at only a month old ! It 's as though she has decades , if not centuries of experience behind her already ! And the telepathic communication between Eragon and Saphiria became tedious and annoying as the story went along . Another thing that annoyed me was when Brom tells Eragon that the weakest elf is better than the strongest human . That generalization reminded me of Hitler 's ramblings about Aryan supremacy ! What are the elves , Ubermenschen in Paolini 's world?Nothing about this novel was original or creative . What the author did was steal the basic plot line from Star Wars and then fleshed it out with elements from all of the fantasy books he has ever read from The Lord of the Rings to The Dragonriders of Pern . It was as though the novel was arranged and prepared by a robot.The author clearly had himself in mind when he conceived of the main character for this `` novel . '' It is no coincidence that Eragon is the same age and gender as the author when he wrote it . But I suppose that is not surprising that he had developed such a fantasy life considering that he has been home schooled and lived in isolation since he was born . However , being cut off from the rest of the world has given him no opportunities to interact or develop lasting relationships with other people besides his immediate family members . Such an childhood has not prepared him with the maturity or the experience to write a sophisticated novel , even by the standards of a 15 year old . Nor will such an isolated lifestyle help him as a writer as he gets older.I will probably read the sequel
 I had heard so many good things about this book in a reading group I 'm in . Everyone seemed to love it , so I started the book expecting another great fantasy . I still have n't finished it , but I just ca n't bring myself to . I am bored out of my mind while I read it , and have trouble not falling asleep . I do n't really care about any of the characters or what happens to them , because I do n't feel like I even know the characters . And this is after 250 pages . I feel like I 'm missing something , and I wanted to make myself read the rest of the book to find out what I 'm missing , but there are so many really good books out there that I just do n't have the time to slog through a book I am not enjoying .
 The kind of repetetive , banal , Tolkien-referrenced nonsense that gives fantasy a bad name . Loved by pre-teens , juveniles , and neophytes to the genre . Not a bad introduction to fantasy if you are young , but definitely uninteresting to an adult reader .
 Wow . I like pulp fantasy as much as the next die-hard fantasy lover -LRB- think Goodkind , Brooks , etc. -RRB- . This book does n't even stand up to those admittedly mediocre books . It 's just bad . I ca n't tell you how horribly dissapointed I was with this book . It was just ... bad . I was really hoping this would be the amazing read all those zealots with a flame burning in their eye said it was . Turns out they were like any other fanatics ... blinded by the lies they had fallen sway to.Hint to parnets
